China `` strongly condemns '' the ruthless murder of a Chinese citizen by the Islamic State extremist group , President Xi Jinping said .
`` Terrorism is the common enemy of mankind . China firmly opposes terrorism in any form and firmly fights against any violent , terrorist criminal activities that challenge the bottom line of human civilization , '' Xi said .
Earlier in September , the IS said it had captured a Chinese and a Norwegian hostage , who were identified by IS 's English-language magazine Dabiq as Fan Jinghui , a freelance consultant from China , and Ole Johan Grimsgaard-Ofstad from Norway .
Fan Jinghui , a Chinese citizen , was kidnapped and cruelly killed by the Islamic State extremist group . We express our condolences to the victim and sympathy to his family .
The Chinese government and people have been very concerned about Fan Jinghui 's safety since he was kidnapped . Relevant departments of the Chinese government activated emergency response mechanism upon learning the kidnapping and made all-out efforts to rescue him . However , with no regard for human conscience and moral baseline , the terrorist organization still carried out this cold-blooded and violent action . The Chinese government strongly condemns this inhuman action and will definitely hold the perpetrators accountable .
Terrorism is the common enemy faced by all humanity . The Chinese government opposes all forms of terrorism and firmly cracks down on any violent and terrorist crime that challenges the baseline of human civilization . The Chinese side will continue to enhance counter-terrorism cooperation with the international community and safeguard world peace and tranquility .
Former NBA star Yao Ming said Monday that China 's bold step to revive the popularity of football sport in schools was on the right track and could even raise `` envy '' from circles of other sports .
China 's central reform leading group , captained by President Xi Jinping who is a football fan , in February kicked off a plan to improve its football performance , which has embarrassed the nation in recent years .
More efforts would be made at the grassroots level to nurture young talents and to ensure the integration of professional clubs , school teams and amateur teams , according to the decision .
`` I am very glad to see that school football has been included in the plan , '' said Yao , a member of the National Committee of Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference . `` It is a very correct decision . ''
`` As one who is from the circle of basketball , I must say that I am very envious ( of the plan ) , '' he said at a press conference on the sidelines of the annual session of the top political advisory body .
`` I hope to see more details about how to implement the plan including the roles that different departments and sectors would play in promoting the reform , '' he said .
`` The biggest problem of China 's football game is that it is too far from schools , '' he said . `` Any cultivation of talent , without the basis of school education , would not be realistic or sustainable . ''
`` I hope there will be another plan that promotes basketball in schools in the near future , '' he added .
China 's move to raise the level of football game came as its national team has failed to qualify for the World Cup for the past decade .
China must overcome its `` defective system , '' which has impeded the development of the sport , and provide better `` institutional guarantees '' for its development , according to the central reform leading group 's decision .
A number of lines in the robustly applauded speech delivered by Melania Trump at the Republican national convention on Monday night appear to have been lifted verbatim from a speech Michelle Obama delivered at the 2008 Democratic convention .
Journalist Jarrett Hill was among the first to point out that lines Donald Trump ’ s wife spoke about the necessity of hard work and strong family values seemed familiar .
“ Barack and I were raised with so many of the same values , that you work hard for what you want in life , that your word is your bond and you do what you say you ’ re going to do , ” Obama told the gathering of Democrats in 2008 .
“ And Barack and I set out to build lives guided by these values , and pass them on to the next generation . Because we want our children – and all children in this nation – to know that the only limit to the height of your achievements is the reach of your dreams and your willingness to work for them . ”
Mrs Trump told GOP delegates on Monday : “ From a young age , my parents impressed on me the values that you work hard for what you want in life , that your word is your bond and you do what you say and keep your promise .
“ That you treat people with respect . They taught and showed me values and morals in their daily life . That is a lesson that I continue to pass along to our son , and we need to pass those lessons on to the many generations to follow , because we want our children in this nation to know that the only limit to your achievements is the strength of your dreams and your willingness to work for them . ”
The Trump campaign later sent out a statement on the speech although did not directly answer accusations of plagarism .
Jason Miller , senior communications advisor , said in the statement : “ In writing her beautiful speech , Melania ’ s team of writers took notes on her life ’ s inspirations , and in some instances included fragments that reflected her own thinking .
“ Melania ’ s immigrant experience and love for America shone through in her speech , which made it such a success . ”
Nearly 200 entertainers and influential executives from the music industry signed a letter to Congress urging lawmakers to take action on gun control legislation in the wake of two Orlando shooting tragedies .
The letter , released Thursday by Billboard magazine , features signatures from Katy Perry , Paul McCartney , Lin-Manuel Miranda , DJ Khaled , Cher , Kesha and others . It comes after a mass shooting at an Orlando gay nightclub that left 49 dead and 53 others wounded and the unrelated murder of singer Christina Grimmie after a concert in Orlando .
“ Music always has been celebrated communally , on dancefloors and at concert halls . But this life-affirming ritual , like so many other daily experiences—going to school or church or work—now is threatened , because of gun violence in this country , ” the letter reads . “ The one thing that connects the recent tragedies in Orlando is that it is far too easy for dangerous people to get their hands on guns . ”
Other celebrities have spoken out on the need for gun control legislation in the wake of the Orlando murders , pushing for change on Twitter :
Democrats began a sit-in on the House floor Wednesday morning in an effort to push Republicans to hold a vote on gun control legislation .
Democrats held a sit-in on the floor of the House of Representatives Wednesday and Thursday to demand a vote on gun control legislation .
Georgia Democrat and civil rights leader Rep. John Lewis began the sit-in around 11:25 am Wednesday .
“ We have turned deaf ears to the blood of the innocent and the concerns of our nation . How many more mothers , how many more fathers need to shed tears of grief before we do something ? ”
“ There comes a time when you have to make a little noise . Now is the time to get in the way . We will be silent no more . The time for silence is over ! ”
Democrats held up photos of victims of gun violence and chanted `` No bill no break , '' demanding an opportunity to vote on gun control measures from their Republican colleagues .
A Republican congressman interrupted a Democrat 's speech and shouted : `` Radical Islam killed these people . ''
House Republicans adjourned the session through the Fourth of July just after 3 am Thursday , and Democrats vowed to continue fighting on the issue in July .
Some Democrats remained for several more hours . At about 1:15 pm Thursday — after more than 25 hours — they left the House chamber and ended the demonstration .
With a quilted coat and a light blue backpack , a boy who could one day be king set off Wednesday on his educational journey .
KensingtonPalace , helpfully , then released two images of 2-year-old Prince George arriving for his first day at a preschool .
The shots , taken by his mom Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , show the third in line to the British throne posing for the camera and marveling at a mural at the Westacre Montessori School . According to People , the school is a short drive from the family 's country mansion , Anmer Hall .
Prince William and Duchess Catherine , who welcomed Princess Charlotte in May , announced last month that their golden-haired heir would begin school before the end of January .
The school officials said they are `` looking forward to welcoming George to our nursery where he will get the same special experience as all of our children . ''
The family of four , who 've been living in the countryside , have from time to time released images of their wee ones , several of which have been snapped by their mum .
`` The Duke and Duchess are of course very fortunate to have private homes where photographers can not capture images of their children , '' said Jason Knauf , communications secretary for the Cambridges .
`` But they feel strongly that both Prince George and Princess Charlotte should not grow up exclusively behind palace gates and in walled gardens . They want both children to be free to play in public and semi-public spaces with other children without being photographed . In addition , the privacy of those other children and their families must also be preserved . ''
Web users shocked at Donald Trump 's surprise victory have reacted with a string of tongue-in-cheek memes .
The Republican has sensationally won the White House – taking Pennsylvania to secure 274 electoral college votes in a humiliating defeat for Hillary Clinton .
But while the 70-year-old 's supporters were celebrating victory , shocked Twitter users took the opportunity to poke fun at the situation .
One likened the 70-year-old to Forrest Gump .
Online jokers posted a picture of former president George W Bush raising a glass with a caption saying : 'Good luck America ... and you thought I was an idiot '
One tweet shows an Air Canada jet taking off alongside two passports - along with the caption : 'Election night starter kit '
One commentator imagined the reaction of Facebook users in the aftermath of the election result
One showed a picture of the one-time Democrat hopeful Bernie Saunders along with the words 'Where are you now that I need you ' - lyrics from a Justin Bieber hit .
One tweet simply showed a US flag along with the words 'If I 'm being honest , I 'm terrified ' .
Another post suggested an election night drinking game , with the rules being : 'Drink . Then keep drinking ' .
A Twitter user defended Trump , remembering his brief appearance in the 1990 movie Home Alone . A clip of the scene was accompanied by the caption : 'Everyone 's bashing Trump but I do n't remember Hillary helping Kevin find the lobby ... '
Twitter users were quick to point out that The Simpsons predicting Donald Trump would be president of America 16 years ago
One Twitter user reworked the design for Fallout , a post-apocalyptic video game , with the faces of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump
Another tweet imagined the possibility of rapper Kanye West standing for election in 2020
A scene from the comedy classic Airplane was used in one tongue-in-cheek meme this morning
His triumph over Hillary Clinton will end eight years of Democratic dominance of the White House and threatens to undo major achievements of President Barack Obama .
He 's pledged to act quickly to repeal Obama 's landmark health care law , revoke the nuclear agreement with Iran and rewrite important trade deals with other countries , particularly Mexico and Canada .
The Republican blasted through Democrats ' longstanding firewall , carrying Pennsylvania and Wisconsin , states that had n't voted for a GOP presidential candidate since the 1980s .
He needed to win nearly all of the competitive battleground states , and he did just that , claiming Florida , Ohio , North Carolina and others .
One tweet imagined Trump and Clinton as divorced parents battling for custody of their children along with the words ' ... but we just wan na live with Gradpa Bernie '
One tweet , showing a content-looking woman sleeping said : 'How Canadians are sleeping tonight knowing they have a chill , dope , Prime Minister eh '
Global stock markets and U.S. stock futures plunged deeply , reflecting investor alarm over what a Trump presidency might mean for the economy and trade .
Trump will take office with Congress expected to be fully under Republican control .
GOP Senate candidates fended off Democratic challengers in key states and appeared poised to maintain the majority . Republicans also maintained their grip on the House .
Another Twitter user mocked up Mount Rushmore showing nervous-looking former Presidents
Many commented about Trump 's glance across to his wife while she was voting
Caught in a blooper on live television , Australian newsreader Natasha Exelby was always likely to become an internet star .
But her awkward moment also had a second act .
Exelby had been gazing at a pen in her hands , unaware she was live , when a broadcast cut back to her in an Australian Broadcasting Corp ( ABC ) studio .
She gave an alarmed reaction when she realised the error , but settled quickly to read the next story .
A clip of the blooper was widely shared online , with most observers appearing to sympathise with Exelby . She addressed the subject in a tweet .
The saga might have ended there , but on Monday night , Sydney 's Daily Telegraph reported Exelby had been sidelined from her newsreading duties .
It did not quote the ABC , but a spokesperson soon told local media : `` Natasha Exelby is a casual contributor , not a staff member . She has been booked for occasional on-air shifts when needed , and also does other occasional shifts for the ABC News channel . ''
Commentators noted the ABC did not directly address whether Exelby had been benched , fuelling a backlash online .
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten and actor Russell Crowe were among many who criticised the report .
`` Give her a break , '' one of Mr Shorten 's senators , Sam Dastyari , told Fairfax Media .
`` The idea that someone would be punished for what is a very innocent mishap is extraordinary . ''
It was not long before a petition began calling on the ABC to `` reinstate '' Exelby .
Other journalists began telling their own embarrassing stories in solidarity .
The Project , a light-hearted news programme on another network , also joined in .
On Tuesday , ABC Director of News Gaven Morris denied Exelby had been punished , but said she was not currently scheduled for any news reading shifts .
`` Media reports that Natasha has been 'banned ' , 'barred ' or 'fired ' are untrue , '' he said .
`` While she is not currently doing any on-air shifts , this will be subject to normal performance management . I have spoken to Natasha and conveyed our regret that this has attracted such attention . ''
The broadcaster was committed to offering Exelby `` various shifts '' in the future , he said .
In years gone by , it would have been a recipe for television gold : a classic romance complete with corsets , crossed-wires and a happy ending .
That tried-and-tested version of Pride and Prejudice is to be given something of a makeover , it has been announced , as a new television adaptation aims to make it `` less bonnet-y '' .
Mammoth Screen , the team behind Poldark and Victoria , is to adapt the Jane Austen classic for ITV , challenging the BBC as the traditional home of the literary adaptation .
It is now more than 20 years since the BBC 's most famous version , written for the small screen by Andrew Davies and starring Colin Firth as Mr Darcy .
The ITV version , announced in the Radio Times today , will be adapted by playwright Nina Raine , who has never written for television before or seen a Pride and Prejudice adaptation .
Producers said the new version would tease out the story 's `` darker tones '' .
`` Pride and Prejudice is actually a very adult book , much less bonnet-y than people assume , '' Raine said of the project .
`` I hope I do justice to Austen 's dark intelligence – sparkling , yes , but sparkling like granite . ''
Damien Timmer , managing director of Mammoth , said , `` In this age of the box set – with audiences loving to binge on complex , serialized dramas – it feels absolutely right to reassess the great classics .
`` Every generation needs its own adaptation of this perfect novel .
`` Nina Raine is one of the most gifted writers working today , and her wit and emotional intelligence make her the perfect match for Jane Austen .
`` She 's a devoted fan of the book , but she 's never seen any previous adaptations – so pleasingly the novel only exists in her imagination '' .
Raine 's previous work includes Consent at the National Theatre and Tribes at the Royal Court , which was nominated for an Olivier for best new play .
It will be the sixth television adaptation of Pride and Prejudice , with all previous versions made for the BBC .
What did you study at university ?
If it was something along the lines of law or business , you might want to look away now .
That 's because according to new research , which has found a link between our university subjects and our personalities , you have selfish , uncooperative tendencies and are not very in touch with your feelings .
On the plus side , you 're probably the life and soul of a party , the findings suggest .
Researchers analysed data from more than 13,000 university students who were involved in 12 separate studies .
From this , they discovered a correlation between the 'Big Five ' major personality traits and the subjects they were enrolled on .
For example , those studying law , economics , political science and medicine tended to be much more extroverted than those taking other subjects , the study found .
But when it came to 'agreeableness ' - the tendency towards being helpful , generous and considerate - the lawyers scored particularly low , as did business and economics students .
Arts and humanities students , as well as those studying psychology and politics scored highly for openness , meaning they were curious , imaginative and in touch with their inner feelings .
While economists , engineers , lawyers and scientists scored comparatively low .
However , the arts and humanities students also tended to be less conscientiousness and more neurotic , typically exhibiting signs of anxiety and moodiness .
Psychology students were not far behind arts and humanities students for these traits .
Study author Anna Vedel , from the University of Aarhus in Denmark , said she was surprised by the magnitude of the results .
'The effect sizes show that the differences found are not trivial , far from , ' she said .
'On the more humorous side they do confirm our more or less prejudicial stereotypes of the disturbed psychologist , the withdrawn natural scientist , the cynical economist . '
And she said that the findings could help those school pupils who currently have no idea what to study at university , as well as helping academics to plan their lectures .
'I 'm not arguing that these results should play a major role in either guidance or selection , but it might provide some inspiration for students that are in doubt about study choices and want to make a choice based on more than abilities , for example , ' said Dr Vedel .
'Or teachers might better understand their student population and may be able to tailor their structure to it . '
Many Beijing residents go to great lengths to avoid breathing the city ’ s smoggy air , especially when it reaches critical pollution levels , but one local entrepreneur decided that canning and selling this poor quality air as a souvenir would be a great idea . Believe it or not , he was right .
After seeing a number of companies achieve commercial success by canning fresh air from countries like France , Canada or Australia and selling it in China , Dominic Johnson-Hill , a British-born citizen of Beijing and owner of the Plastered 8 souvenir shop , decided to turn the idea on its head and sell canned Beijing air throughout China and abroad .
“ I ’ d seen people going crazy to buy canned air from Canada and Australia , so I thought it was time to push business the other way , ” the entrepreneur said . “ They ’ re perfect gifts ! What else are you going to take home when you go home from Beijing ? A roast duck ? A Plastered T-shirt ? These cans are light , portable , you can just imagine someone ’ s face when they unwrap it for Christmas . ”
The few mouth-fulls of Beijing air come in standard tin cans featuring a couple of iconic city landmarks as well as a snarky description of the contents : “ a unique blend of nitrogen , oxygen and some other stuff ” . The tongue-in-cheek souvenirs cost 28 RMB ( US $ 4 ) and are available at the Plastered 8 shop , as well as on its online shop . But if you ’ re actually considering buying some , you ’ d better ask shop , as they are virtually flying off the shelves . Johnson-Hill told Ruptly that his shop is selling hundreds of Beijing air cans every day .
One thing that ’ s not particularly clear is if the air is really collected from Beijing , as the cans are labeled as “ Made in Shenzhen ” . There ’ s a big chance that ’ s just Plastered 8 humor , as they also list “ Chocking Hazard ” and “ May have come into contact with nuts ” as warnings .
9 August 2016
Lochte wins gold in the men ’ s 4x200 freestyle relay alongside Michael Phelps , Townley Hass and Connor Dwyer . Lochte becomes second most decorated male Olympic swimmer of all time , trailing only to Phelps . Two days later he finishes fifth in the 200m individual medley , his final race at the Games .
14 August 2016
Shortly after 9am , initial reports of Lochte being held at gunpoint begin to surface , with his mother , Ileana Lochte telling USA Today he had called her immediately after the incident . “ I think they ’ re all shaken up . There were a few of them , ” she tells the paper . “ They just took their wallets and basically that was it . ”
One hour after the story breaks , Mark Adams , IOC ’ s director of communications flatly denies Lochte ’ s story saying it ’ s simply “ not true ” .
Shortly after midday , Lochte describes to NBC in detail how men impersonating police officers approached him and his group . “ They pulled out their guns , they told the other swimmers to get down on the ground – they got down on the ground.…He took our money , he took my wallet , he left my cellphone , he left my credentials . ”
Almost simultaneously , the US Olympic Committee release their own statement , this time mentioning the other three members who were with Lochte on the night in question : Gunnar Bentz , Jack Conger , and JamesFeigen .
16 August 2016
Lochte flies home on Tuesday morning . Later that day , the swimmer and his lawyer , Jeff Ostrow , meet with USA Today recalling the incident .
Meanwhile back in Rio , police officials struggle to find any details that support the allegations , stating that the group failed to give any concrete details . According to authorities , the swimmers did not call the police after the incident and it was only after reading media stories that the officers pursued investigated .
17 August 2016
A Brazilian judge orders the seizure of Lochte ’ s and James Feigen ’ s passports as doubts in the story develop . Lochte , of course , is back in the US as Ostrow denies to TMZ he even knows about this request . Later in the morning , police officials visit the athletes village asking to speak to the swimmers , who can not be found as they left the village after competition .
Later that evening , Jack Conger and Gunnar Bentz are detained by police at Rio airport as they attempt to board a plane and fly back to the US .
By 10pm , NBC ’ s Matt Lauer speaks to Lochte who changes parts of his story . When he first described the incident , Lochte recalled the robber pressing the gun against his head but now he changes his story , saying he only pointed the weapon at him . The swimmer says that he “ wouldn ’ t make up a story like this , nor would the others ” . Meanwhile , Conger and Bentz are barred from leaving Brazil until they fully testify .
18 August 2016
Brazilian authorities tell ABC that a “ US swimmer ” broke down a gas station restroom door and fought with a security guard on the night in question . Later in the morning , the Associated Press receive information from a security official directly involved in the investigation that Lochte fabricated the story . According to the officer , Lochte , Conger , Bentz and Feigen got into an altercation at the gas station in Barra da Tijuca , a suburb of Rio where many Olympic venues are located . The swimmers were looking for a bathroom but once they realized the door was locked , they broke in . After a slight confrontation with the guard and the gas station owner regarding the broken door , they decided to pay for the damages .
O Globo release footage of the video shortly after .
The Rio 2016 spokesman , Mário Andrada , says : “ Let ’ s give these kids a break . Sometimes you take actions that you later regret . They had fun , they made a mistake , life goes on . ”
Britain 's Prince Harry took the highly unusual step Tuesday of asking the media and internet trolls to stop the `` wave of abuse and harassment '' against his TV-star girlfriend Meghan Markle .
Harry , who is fifth in line to the U.K. throne , issued a statement saying he understood the curiosity surrounding his personal life but `` in the past week a line has been crossed . ''
The statement was the first official confirmation that he has been dating 35-year-old Markle . The Los Angeles-born actress is now based in Toronto and is best known for her role in the TV comedy-drama `` Suits . ''
The pair have been rumored to be dating for several months .
Harry , 32 , said that during the past week his girlfriend has been `` subject to a wave of abuse and harassment '' both public and private .
This included a `` smear '' on the front page of a national newspaper , `` racial undertones '' of newspaper comment pieces , and `` outright sexism and racism of social media trolls , '' the statement said .
Markle is certainly no stranger to the front pages of British tabloids .
Last week , the Daily Mail ran a piece headlined `` Harry 's Girl is ( Almost ) Straight Outta Compton . '' This contrasted what the paper called the `` gang-scarred '' LA neighborhood where Markle 's African American mother lives , with the `` leafy '' borough of Kensington that 's home to one of the royal palaces .
Outside of the public eye , Harry 's statement also revealed that the royals have been involved in `` nightly legal battles to keep defamatory stories out of the papers . '' It also alleged that reporters had attempted to illegally enter the home of Markle 's mother , offered `` substantial bribes to her ex-boyfriend , '' and carried out a `` bombardment '' of pretty much everyone she knows .
`` He knows commentators will say this is 'the price she has to pay ' and that 'this is all part of the game , ' '' the statement said . `` He strongly disagrees . This is not a game - it is her life and his . ''
According to his spokesman , Harry has `` asked for this statement to be issued in the hope that those in the press who have been driving this story can pause and reflect before any further damage is done . ''
The prince has had a troubled relationship with the media ever since his mother , Princess Diana , was killed in a Paris car crash in 1997 while being chased by the paparazzi .
In his early 20s , he became fodder for photographers after partying in glamorous London nightspots , earning him the title `` the playboy prince . '' Since then he has been splashed on tabloid front pages wearing a Nazi armband at a costume party , and more recently pictured completely nude at a bash in Las Vegas .
However his image has improved after serving two tours of Afghanistan in the British armed forces and dedicating a significant portion of his life to charity programs helping injured military personnel .
He was once third in line to the throne but got bumped down to fifth after the birth of his nephew and niece , Prince George and Princess Charlotte .
After years of development , protest and regulatory red tape , the first genetically modified , non-browning apples will soon go on sale in the United States .
The fruit , sold sliced and marketed under the brand Arctic Apple , could hit a cluster of Midwestern grocery stores as early as Feb. 1 . The limited release is an early test run for the controversial apple , which has been genetically modified to eliminate the browning that occurs when an apple is left out in the open air .
Critics and advocates of genetic engineering say that the apple could be a turning point in the nation ’ s highly polarizing debate over genetically modified organisms ( GMOs ) . While genetic modifications have in the past been mainly defended as a way to protect crops , the Arctic Apple would be one of the first GMOs marketed directly to consumers as more convenient .
“ What companies are desperate for is some really popular GMO product to hit the market , ” said McKay Jenkins . “ Any successful product could lift the cloud over GMOs . ”
Industry executives predict the apple could open a whole new trade in genetically engineered produce , potentially opening the market to pink pineapples , antioxidant-enriched tomatoes , and other food currently in development .
“ We see this as less about genetic modification and more about convenience , ” said Neal Carter , founder of the company that makes the Arctic Apple . “ I think consumers are very ready for apples that don ’ t go brown . Everyone can identify with that ‘ yuck ’ factor . ”
GMO critics say they are hopeful , however , that consumers will continue to show skepticism about the produce . Despite a growing consensus in scientific circles that GMOs pose little risk , environmental and consumer groups have successfuly mounted campaigns against GMOs over the past 30 years , successfully limiting the practice to commodity crops like soybeans and corn .
Anti-GMO groups have successfully pushed for GMO crop bans in places like Boulder County , Colo. , and Sonoma County , Calif. , and several major food brands have agreed not to use GM ingredients . Critics have also questioned how consumers will be able to judge the freshness of sliced apples when they don ’ t brown .
“ This apple is understudied , unlabeled , and unnecessary , ” said Dana Perls , the senior food and technology campaigner with environmental nonprofit Friends of the Earth . “ It ’ s only a matter of time before consumers realize they ’ re being falsely marketed to … And then there will be an uproar . ”
Most Americans already consume a large number of GMOs or GMO-derived ingredients every day . Over ninety percent of all corn and soybeans grown in the US are engineered to improve agricultural efficiency and withstand frequent pesticide applications . The resulting corn and soy are frequently fed to animals intended for human consumption , or routed into processed foods as corn starch , corn syrup , soy lethicin and dozens of other derivatives .
This non-browning technology could theoretically be applied later to any number of tree fruits , including pears and cherries , which Okanagan ’ s scientists have already begun to research .
We can probably all recount at least a dozen weird and alarming things parents , teachers , and older siblings told us about our eyes when we were kids . For instance , we 'd be permanently cross-eyed if we did n't stop making those faces at our brother or we 'd go blind from reading in the dark . But maybe , just maybe , we could find redemption by eating lots of carrots . Here are a few common myths and misconceptions .
MYTH # 1 : IF YOU CROSS YOUR EYES , THEY 'LL STAY THAT WAY .
Crossed eyes occur when your eyes do n't look the same way at the same time . There are six muscles attached to each of our eyes that , guided by signals from the brain , control their movements . When your eyes do n't align , the brain gets two different images . Over time , this can cause more serious vision issues . That 's a real problem , but it 's not caused by making your eyes cross on purpose for short periods of time .
MYTH # 2 . EATING CARROTS WILL HELP YOU SEE IN THE DARK .
Well , carrots certainly are n't bad for your eyesight . They contain plenty of beta-carotene , which your body converts into vitamin A , a crucial vitamin for vision . But carrots do n't do anything exceptional for your nighttime vision .
MYTH # 3 : THE BIGGER YOUR EYES , THE BETTER YOUR EYESIGHT .
When you 're born , your eyeballs are approximately 16 millimeters in diameter , reaching 24 millimeters as an adult . But your eyes getting larger does not necessarily mean that your vision is getting better . In fact , excessive growth in human eyes can cause myopia , or nearsightedness . If the eyeball is too long , the eye 's lens ca n't focus the light in the right part of the retina to process images clearly .
MYTH # 4 : PUPIL DILATION OCCURS ONLY IN RESPONSE TO CHANGES IN LIGHT .
Sexual arousal , solving a complicated mental math problem , fear , and other cognitive and emotional events can provoke changes in pupil size , though the precise reasons why are not yet clearly understood .
MYTH # 5 : UV RAYS CAN ONLY DAMAGE EYES WHEN THE SUN IS SHINING .
Even on cloudy and foggy days , ultraviolet ( UV ) radiation can cause eye damage . Years of exposure can increase your risk of developing cataracts .
MYTH # 6 : WEARING GLASSES TOO MUCH CAN MAKE YOUR EYESIGHT WORSE .
Giving the correct prescription `` reduces the progression of myopia . ''
MYTH # 7 : READING IN DIM LIGHT WILL DIMINISH YOUR EYESIGHT .
While reading in semi-darkness may put a temporary strain on your eyes , it 's not going to permanently damage your eyesight .
MYTH # 8 : IF YOUR PARENTS HAVE BAD EYESIGHT , YOU WILL , TOO .
You might , of course , because some eye problems are genetic . But there 's no guarantee that we will develop the same vision impairments as our parents . One study found that if both parents are myopic , there 's a 30 to 40 percent chance that the child is . If only one parent is myopic , the child has a 20 to 25 percent chance , and it 's down to 10 percent for kids with non-myopic parents .
MYTH # 9 : TOO MUCH SCREEN TIME WILL DESTROY YOUR EYESIGHT .
More and more people are complaining of symptoms like dry , irritated eyes after prolonged periods of screen time . The American Optometric Association ( AOA ) defines this group of symptoms collectively as Computer Vision Syndrome—or Digital Eye Strain—which can be further exacerbated by trying to focus on small screens such as tablets or phones . The AOA recommends following the 20-20-20 rule : Every 20 minutes , take a 20-second break to look at something 20 feet away .
MYTH # 10 : THE RIGHT `` VITAMIN COCKTAIL '' CAN PREVENT VISION DECLINE .
According to Harvard researchers , vitamins may help slow the progression of macular degeneration , but for people not already suffering from the disease , preventative use of such vitamins did n't appear to make a significant difference .
MYTH # 11 : DYSLEXIA IS LINKED TO VISION PROBLEMS .
A recent study from Bristol and Newcastle Universities in the UK found that children with dyslexia were no more likely than others to suffer from common vision problems .
MYTH # 12 : IF YOU DO N'T TREAT LAZY EYE WHEN YOU 'RE A SMALL CHILD , YOU 'LL HAVE IT FOREVER .
While doctors say that the sooner it 's treated the better , there are an increasing number of remedies that can help adults as well .
MYTH # 13 : BLIND PEOPLE SEE ONLY DARKNESS .
Only 18 percent of people who have visual impairments are totally blind . Most are able to differentiate between light and dark .
MYTH # 14 : HUMAN VISION IS THE SAME IN SPACE AS IT IS ON EARTH .
Actually , NASA scientists have found that space can impair our vision , though they still are n't sure why .
MYTH # 15 : PEOPLE WHO ARE COLORBLIND CA N'T SEE COLOR .
It 's quite rare for someone not to see color at all . It 's more common for color blind individuals to have difficulty differentiating between certain colors , like red and green , or blue and yellow . And while color blindness is far more common in males than females , it does affect a small percentage of women .
Boris Johnson has been appointed Britain 's new Foreign Secretary in a shock development as Theresa May started to build her new Cabinet .
She named Philip Hammond as her new Chancellor and sacked George Osborne in a historic evening in Westminster less than two hours after she was officially sworn in as the UK 's second female Prime Minister .
Amber Rudd , 52 , was appointed the new Home Secretary , a job made vacant after Mrs May left the department after a near-record six years in charge . Long-time Eurosceptic Tory David Davis , 67 , has been handed the big role of chief Brexit negotiator , a new Cabinet position .
Fellow Brexit campaigner Dr Liam Fox , 54 , returned to the Cabinet after four years of absence as he was named the Secretary of State for International Trade - another new post and a key role following Britain 's vote to leave the EU .
Mr Osborne was brutally sacked by Mrs May , bringing an abrupt end to his six years in charge of the Treasury . There were also reports that all of David Cameron 's political advisors had left Downing Street - a sign Mrs May is determined to break with the past .
The early developments of Mrs May 's first hours in charge are a clear sign of Mrs May 's attempts to unite the Conservative party after months of bitter infighting during the EU referendum campaign .
By bringing in several high profile figures from the right of the party - including Mr Davies and Dr Fox - Mrs May has handed an olive branch to Brexit supporters who feared she would backtrack on leaving the EU having campaigned on the Remain side .
The pair will be in charge of the two new Cabinet departments created by Mrs May tonight . Mr Davis has been appointed the Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union while Dr Fox is in charge of the new International Trade department .
Mr Hammond moves to the Treasury after serving as Foreign Secretary for more than two years . The father of three is expected to take residence in the flat above Number 11 , where the Cameron family has been living for the last six years .
The Camerons swapped residencies with the Osbornes because of their larger family . But with Mrs May and her husband Philip having no children , the Hammonds are likely to take the bigger flat .
There were signs earlier this week that Mrs May would not include Mr Osborne in her new government . She used a key speech on Monday to promise a major break from Mr Cameron and Mr Osborne 's economic policy , promising to deliver 'serious social reform ' .
But it nevertheless came as a big shock in Westminster tonight that the man in charge of the economy for the last six years was n't even offered a role in the new-look Government .
Humiliatingly Mr Osborne left No 11 by the back door after being told he was surplus to requirements tonight . His departure marks the culmination of a crashing comedown for a politician who was for many years favourite to take over from David Cameron .
If you sign your name in a large flourish , you just might be a narcissist .
According to recent studies , signatures can be a tell-tale sign of a person ’ s darker traits , revealing if they are authoritative and exploitative .
In addition , researchers have found that a large signature is linked to those who enjoy being the center of attention – and for women especially , this writing style was tied to narcissism .
A study analyzing the signatures of 500 chief financial officers found that signature size is linked only to the dark elements of narcissism , according to PsyBlog .
Positive traits associated with narcissism , such as self-confidence , were not found to be related .
Instead , they noted a relationship between signature size , authoritativeness and exploitativeness .
And , CFOs with the largest signatures were more likely lie about the company ’ s earnings or relax internal controls .
‘ In an ideal setting , you would be in direct contact with executives and have them take a personality test , ’ said Dr Charles Ham , one of the study ’ s authors .
‘ But that ’ s not usually possible . A signature comes directly from the executive .
‘ We used two laboratory tests to establish the link between signature size and narcissism . ’
President Trump is among many well-known figures to use a large , illegible signature .
And in his hand-written letters , he often uses all uppercase and overtakes much of the page .
In a similar study , published in the Journal of Research in Personality , researchers investigated the relationship between signature size and a number of traits , including aggressive and sociable dominance , narcissism , and self-esteem .
The team analyzed the signatures of 340 Uruguayan university students .
This revealed ‘ a significant link between signature size and sociable dominance , both for males and females , while narcissism was only in females significantly associated with signature size . ’
People who score higher in sociable dominance often like to be the center of attention , the researchers explained .
‘ Given the positive association of signature size and sociable dominance , larger signatures could be interpreted as a signal of the inclination to stand out and occupy a central position within a group , ’ they wrote .
And , signature size isn ’ t the only indication that a person might be a narcissist .
The use of extra lines or exclamation marks could be revealing as well , according to PsyBlog .
‘ We ’ ve looked for that silver lining , and we haven ’ t found it , ’ Dr Ham said , explaining that many people consider narcissism a ‘ good trait ’ and often link it to Steve Jobs .
‘ We didn ’ t predict at first that signature size would be related only to the dark elements of narcissism . But that ’ s what we found . ’
Hold the aspirin .
The Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) is claiming a new milestone — the invention of hangover-free alcohol .
The state newspaper reported that Taedonggang Foodstuff Factory has introduced a ginseng liquor with 30 % to 40 % alcohol and , theoretically , no horrible morning after feeling .
The drink features six-year-old , indigenous Kaesong organic `` insam , '' a Korean name for ginseng .
Developing the drink took years of research to figure out a way to minimize the bitter insam taste .
The factory decided to use boiled rice instead of sugar which `` promoted the sweet and savoury tastes of insam by weakening its bitter taste with the delicious flavor of the boiled and scorched glutinous rice , '' according to The Pynongyang Times .
In theory , the hangover-fighting effects come from the use of scorched rice and from the ginseng 's `` medicinal effect . ''
The nation has already poured accolades on the new drink , giving it a quality medal for `` preserving national smack . ''
The paper praised the product because it `` exudes national flavor '' and said that it has `` already been registered as a national scientific and technological hit . ''
Andray Abrahamian , who regularly visits the DPRK for business , said he was skeptical about the new elixir 's lofty claims .
`` There are some high quality liquors made in the DPRK , though in my experience there is no such thing as hangover-free booze anywhere in the world , '' he said , according to the BBC .
Her boyfriend Orlando Bloom recently attracted headlines when he was photographed paddle boarding in the nude during the couple 's summer getaway .
Now Katy Perry appears to be taking a leaf out of her British beau 's book , after stripping naked in a new Funny Or Die video urging fans to vote in the US general election .
In the clip , the 31-year-old singer is seen waking from her slumber sporting patriotic pajamas and messy bed hair , complete with popcorn and a lollipop as she declares : 'I 've got some great news : This year , you can look like s*** when you vote . '
Katy , an avid Hillary Clinton supporter , then walks to her polling station , passing other voters in their nightwear as she explains : 'Yep , I 've briefly scanned the Constitution , and nowhere does it say that you ca n't just roll out of bed and come to the polls in whatever state you woke up in .
'In the name of democracy , any just-out-of-bed look is A-OK . '
She then proceeds to give examples of what is acceptable , including child 's onesie , hunk in kid 's briefs , that free XL , T-shirt you got from your bank and covered in slime .
The I Kissed A Girl Singer then spices things up a notch as she declares : 'Or , if you 're like me , I sleep naked , ' before ripping away her pajamas to go nude .
With bars protecting her modesty , Katy grins cheekily at the camera as fellow voters gasp and a man behind her drops to the ground in astonishment .
'Yep , let those babies loose , ' she booms , before a pair of police officers strolled over , with one cutting in : 'Alright , ma'am . That 's enough of that . '
'No , I read the Constitution and I know I have the right to vote naked , she protests , to which the other arresting officer responds : 'Did you read it , or did you just briefly scan it ? '
Katy is then led to a police car , where she finds herself sharing the backseat with a buff and shirtless Joel McHale , who reacts : 'You too ? '
Leaning out of the window , Katy yells to the camera , before being whisked away : 'Scratch that . Got ta wear clothes . My bad . See you at the polls November 8th . '
The video was released on Tuesday , and a day earlier , Katy sent out a tweet and a teaser image , declaring that she was hoping to change the world with her clip .
The tweet posted alongside the still read : 'TOMORROW , I USE MY BODY AS CLICK BAIT TO HELP CHANGE THE WORLD ( sic ) . '
Katy 's picture - which featured the Rise singer standing naked in a polling station with most of her body blurred out - included written text that read : 'Katy Perry votes naked tomorrow . '
The Dark Horse hitmaker is a very vocal supporter of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton .
The US Presidential debate was broadcast on the same day as the Roar hitmaker posted her naked video still , and the star had no hesitation in tweeting her thoughts on the event , expressing her adoration and backing for the 68-year-old candidate .
As of yet , it is unclear how Katy intends to 'change the world ' with her actions , but she recently revealed that one of the main things she is interested in is the improvement of women 's rights .
Asked recently on Twitter what she wanted to hear Clinton and her Republican rival Donald Trump debate , she said : 'National security , gun control , police reform , excess incarceration and women 's rights . '
Is your partner keen on visiting Paris , while you prefer Prague ? Are you looking for a warm , sun-soaked holiday but can ’ t decide where to go ? Do not worry , for German carrier Lufthansa is happy to make the decision for you .
The airline has launched a new booking feature to attract travellers who love surprises and those who are hopelessly indecisive .
Travellers can choose between nine themes that range from nature , sun and sand , to romance and gourmet cuisine .
Each theme lists about half a dozen possible destinations that leave from either Munich or Frankfurt .
After choosing the theme , booking dates , and adding payment information , travellers play a round of Russian roulette by clicking proceed and give the airline the decision-making power on their next holiday .
Possible destinations listed under ‘ Romance ’ include Paris , Florence , Budapest , Prague , Venice , Vienna and Zurich .
Other themes include partying , bromance , cities , sightseeing and culture , and shopping . Lufthansa Surprise is the latest player to join the blind booking trend .
Some of the early players include companies like Priceline and Hotwire , which offer discounts to travelers who are willing to learn the name of their hotel , airline or car rental only after they book .
The concept has been gaining traction over the last few years , appealing to those who are already well-traveled and looking for some spontaneity , as well as the adventure-seeking millennial traveler , who may be more open to the unexpected .
Lufthansa ’ s budget spin-off Eurowings also sells mystery flights at a fixed price based on thematic trips , with fares starting at €33 .
Virtual travel agent Pack Up + Go will also take the stress out of travel planning by choosing a destination and creating a weekend travel itinerary in the US based on the user ’ s budget , transportation preferences and hobbies . The destination and itinerary are kept secret until the day of departure .
Chinese fans are expected to travel to the 2018 World Cup finals in record numbers with the growing interest in soccer and a cordial relationship with hosts Russia seen as key factors , despite the national side 's failings on the pitch .
China have only played at one World Cup , but Feng Tao , chief executive officer of marketing and events firm Shankai , believes fans will flock to Russia regardless .
`` We are confident we can bring more fans to Russia because of the relationship between Russia and China , '' said Feng , whose company has signed an exclusive deal with BH Hospitality to sell travel packages for the tournament to the Chinese market .
`` The countries are very close , it 's much easier to go to Russia than it was to go to Brazil , which took 24 or 25 hours , or to South Africa , which took 14 or 15 hours . To go to Russia takes only seven hours from China , so it 's easier .
`` Historically , there 's a good relationship between China and Russia and now football has become part of the mentality of the Chinese people . Businessmen , the media and fans are showing strong interest in the World Cup .
`` Until now , the majority have only been able to follow the World Cup on television but now there 's going to be the opportunity for them to travel to watch and for them to see a World Cup . ''
While the figures are unlikely to eclipse the numbers who travelled to South Korea to watch China play in 2002 - as many as 100,000 were believed to have seen the side 's World Cup debut - Shankai are expecting 50,000 packages to be sold to Chinese fans as part of the expected $ 25 million deal .
The projected figure represents the most for a World Cup that does not feature the Chinese team , a significant upswing on the numbers sold for the 2014 World Cup finals , when 3,000 packages were sold .
PASSIONATE FANS
`` The fans who went to Brazil were spending more money , '' says John Parker , managing director of BH Hospitality .
`` But what we are seeing in China is that they are waking up to the passion of sport and , because of the internet especially , they are now able to access everything they require and they are comfortable doing that .
`` Tourism between Russia and China is very strong and the Chinese population is falling in love with soccer .
`` The World Cup is the highest point of the game and Chinese fans will be able to go to Russia without any problems because the relationship between the two countries is so strong and healthy .
`` China is going to be a growth market . It 's already developing from where it was historically . ''
They wear new designer outfits every day , travel round in style in a pram more expensive than the one Kim Kardashian bought for her baby daughter North and are comforted by a £600 teddy bear .
Meet Britain 's most pampered twins Isabella and Jacob - who even have their own Twitter account .
For the first 100 days of their lives the pair have been treated to new gear from the likes of Prada , Dior and Ralph Lauren , after their mother splashed out more than £20,000 for the privilege .
The three-month-old tots never wear the same clothes twice - and their priciest items are £500 for a matching pair .
Businesswoman Louise Hill , 36 , and her husband Dan , who appears on TV 's Storage Hunters UK , say they want the best for their twins having spent a long time trying to conceive through IVF .
Louise told MailOnline : 'We thought we might not have children so it was quite an emotional moment when we did manage to conceive - after such heartache I did go a bit bonkers !
The cheapest outfits in the twins ' wardrobe are Marks & amp ; Spencer sleepsuits - which cost £35 a pair - while the more expensive ones include £210 outfits by royal designer Rachel Riley , who charges £100 for a knitted cardigan .
The couple have also been quick to dismiss the suggestion that their children are spoilt and instead say the reaction to their lavish spending from friends and family has been positive .
'Some people may look at it as them being spoilt but if someone could n't have a child and then they finally did give birth then they would want to give that baby everything they possible could . '
It was a plot twist Marcela Del Sol , an accomplished writer , never saw coming – she would wake up in hospital following a car accident and have to share her body with seven other 'people ' with their own very distinct personalities .
The 43-year-old mother-of-two was driving her car along a highway in Charlestown near Newcastle , in mid July , 2013 , when it broke down - she moved to the side of the road and another car crashed into the back of her .
Both cars were written off , she suffered major whiplash and her dissociative personality disorder ( also known as multiple personality disorder ) was triggered - giving life to C , L , T , M , M/B and twins A and B .
Marcela told Daily Mail Australia she started getting symptoms in 'late 2013 ' realising something was n't right when people started to call her by other names – names she now recognises as her alter egos .
'I could n't remember doing a lot of things – for example I would be at work but not remember how I got there , ' she said .
'I was dismissed from my job but do n't know how or why that happened .
'Then after that I started finding men 's clothes in my wardrobe which just did n't make sense to me . '
Marcela 's personalities work to protect her – and her children – from harm , and developed after a series of traumatic experiences including sexual assault and being held at knife point – all which occurred since moving to Australia from Chile 22 years ago .
She is the 'host vessel ' – and said she now loves all of the personalities for different reasons .
She described the personalities in detail and said they range from 28-years-old to 'older than Marcela ' and are both male and female .
Some even appear to function without the physical constraints Marcela is used to - and have 2020 vision , no need for contacts or glasses .
She has gotten to know them through email , post-it notes and photographs each of them take on her phone .
L – is the first personality described by Marcela .
'She is so sophisticated and vivacious , she is a real go getter .
'She 's sexy and flamboyant – I just love her she is so out there . '
The next personality , C , has had a lot of conflict with 'L ' 'because they are extremely opposite ' .
He is also two years older than Marcela .
'C is a he – and he is a chauvinistic , conventional , strong male . He is the protector of the system .
'He can be antagonistic about who I am and who the others are .
'He has scared me in the past but I understand he is just trying to protect me . '
The next personality is A & amp ; B they are interchangeable female twins who love to wear flowers in their hair – and have been co-existing with Marcela recently .
Standing in the background so she knows they are there without taking over completely .
'They are the spiritual , nurturing , tender side of us . They help us with our humanitarian work .
'They love children , are cheerful and creative . '
The next personality is another male called M .
'He is always so cheerful and supportive . He is an encouraging guy who makes us all laugh .
'He is like the best friend and an ideal guy – and very good looking . '
A woman Marcela has called T is a lot older than she .
'She does n't come out very often and when she does we are going to be in a very bad mental state and be very depressed .
'T is the dark side and holds on to all of our emotions and the difficulty of past trauma . '
The final alter ego is M/B a woman the others including Marcela 'do n't know much about ' .
She has only ever told her psychologist about this woman before revealing her to Daily Mail Australia as a 'stranger ' who does n't appear very often .
Marcela 's book , 'Kaleidoscope ' was mostly written by herself however some of her other personalities also pitched in .
'It is n't something that was scheduled or that we could plan but it did happen , ' she said .
'Some of the chapters are significantly different . '
She wants to help promote the people behind mental illness and prove you can still be successful .
She also points out she has learnt over the year that communication is key when dealing with her disorder - though she realises other people may have to deal with theirs differently .
For years , women have been told certain body features are the new must-haves - bikini bridges , thigh gaps and others have long revolved around being skinny .
But now the tide is turning and the body positivity movement is growing .
The latest body part to show off on Instagram ? The belly outline .
That ’ s right , the fact that your tummy will stick out when you wear a tight dress or skirt is no longer something to be ashamed of , but something to be proud of .
The majority of women - even the slim among us - have rounded tummies . And so many of us either avoid wearing tight clothing to disguise them or are constantly trying to suck our bellies in to create the appearance of a flat stomach .
God forbid any of us should have some fat round our middles .
Now , however , body positive influencers are encouraging us to love our tummies and not be afraid to reveal our belly outlines .
One such person is the woman behind SelfLoveClub , the body positive instagram account with 264,000 followers .
Celebrating her own visible belly outline , she writes :
“ Cheers to a summer of rocking clothing that give you a visible tummy outline . Cheers to not giving a s*** what people think about your body or the way you dress .
“ Cheers to embracing what we 've been told not to wear because it does n't ‘ flatter our body type. ’ Cheers to living free of judgement , reservations , and inhibitions .
“ Life is short , enjoy it . Do n't let others affect your happiness and self worth . Bellies are cute and worth showing off . ”
And many women are loving the permission to love a body part they ’ ve for so long thought they had to hide .
“ I needed this . Thank you , ” commented one .
“ You look great ! I 'm always afraid people may think I 'm pregnant ... But this gives me confidence ! Thank you , ” added another .
“ You have no idea how much I needed this , ” wrote one person . “ I have struggled with my tummy for as long as I can remember to the point where it feels like how it looks and how my clothes fit play on my mind every second of the day .
“ I am still dealing with some disordered eating and right now I 'm still not really be 100 percent comfortable with myself but seeing things like this plus other people celebrating their bodies and their health has really helped me and my confidence and spurred a huge change in my thinking .
“ You are beautiful and I ca n't thank you enough for this post . ”
Tummies are beautiful .
Adam Lyons is one guy who definitely does n't agree with the old adage `` three 's a crowd '' .
For the UK-born dating coach lives happily with his two girlfriends - and two children - in their LA home .
Lyons , 34 , and his partners Brooke Shedd , 26 , and Jane Shalakhova , 25 , even share a super kingsize bed , and take it in turn to spend date nights together .
Add to the mix his girlfriend Shedd 's 5-year-old son , from a previous relationship , and her newborn son with Lyons , named Dante , and you have one rather bustling household .
The self-titled `` throuple '' insist their unorthodox arrangement provides an excellent family environment , as with two partners , Lyons will `` never have to leave my kids with someone I do n't trust '' .
`` We 're just like any other family . Except in ours , there 'll be one dad and two mums who live under the same roof - and there 'll be nothing but love for our children . '' he told the Daily Mail .
`` Dante and Oliver will grow up seeing Adam , Jane and I being affectionate and caring for each other . I think that 's amazing . ''
Lyons discovered his passion for polyamory when he and his ex-wife agreed to spice things up with an open marriage .
After several dalliances with other women , he met openly bisexual Shedd through his wife , and the pair instantly hit it off .
When he and his wife 's relationship came to an amicable end in 2012 , Lyons moved in with Shedd and her son .
The pair , who had decided they were keen to explore options outside of monogamy , soon met bisexual photographer Shalakhova at a club - and so the trio began .
`` I had never experimented with polyamorous relationships but with Adam and Brooke , it felt so natural . They were two awesome people , '' said Shalakhova .
`` It 's like imagine you meet your soul mate . Now multiply that by two ! It 's twice the love . ''
Last year , they all bought a house they could live in together .
`` Half of all marriages now end in divorce so most kids end up having more than one mum and one dad anyway , '' said Lyons , who was voted the least likely to ever get a girlfriend at high school ( what a difference hindsight makes , eh ? ) .
`` Therefore , I do n't think there 's any problem with raising our children with three parents . ''
But it seems the trio still have some room to spare , as they 're open to the possibility of a fourth lover - and Shalakhova hopes to add a third child to the mix in the future .
A primary school has put up signs to warn phone-obsessed parents to greet their children with a smile at the end of the day rather than staring at their screens .
It has become a common sight at the school gates to see children running up to their parents , only to find them engrossed in composing a text message , a phone call , or scrolling through Facebook .
Now the headmistress at St Joseph ’ s RC Primary School , in Middlesbrough , has erected the signs at all three entrances to the school in an attempted crack down .
The signs say : “ Greet your child with a smile , not a mobile ” and feature a figure with mobile to their ear , crossed out in a red circle .
Liz King , headmistress at St Joseph ’ s , said : “ We are trying to develop our speaking and listening in school and we thought it was a really simple way to get the message across .
“ It wasn ’ t an issue among our parents , it just emphasises that speaking and listening helps the children to have discussions . ”
The move had mixed review , with some parents welcoming the signs , saying `` it 's about time '' while others felt it was `` a bit daft '' .
Danielle Parker , a parent , said : “ I think they need to be up because everyone picks their kids up on their phones . I ’ d like to think they ’ d make a difference . ”
Another parent Danielle Savage said : “ I agree with it , it ’ s a good thing . But it only works if you ’ re having discussions all the time at home , not just when you ’ re collecting your child . ”
A parent of one of the school ’ s nursery pupils Claire Wilks added : “ I think it ’ s great . It ’ s about time . ”
Some people when questioned were more hesitant about the signs , with one parent , whose child is in the foundation stage , calling the move “ a bit daft ” .
Lindan Bradley , a pupil at the school , said he agreed with the signs , saying : “ Why would kids want to see [ parents ] on [ their ] mobile phones all the time ? ”
It is the latest school to take action against parents picking up their children at the end of the day . Last month , a head teacher banned parents from talking to teachers and set up an exclusion zone to prevent abuse at the school gates .
Fiona Donnelly , headmistress at Sandwood Primary School in Glasgow took the drastic measures following a “ rising number of incidents ” where family members have behaved “ inappropriately ” .
Last year , research warned that parents ’ immersion in smartphones has left some neglected children starting primary school unable to hold conversations .
Almost a third of children starting school are not ready for the classroom , with many lacking social skills , having speech problems or not toilet trained , the survey of senior primary school staff found .
It leaves us begging the question , what will a Trump First Lady dress like ?
First ladies of the United States have not only had a major influence on the course of the country throughout the years , but have also stood at the forefront of fashion .
46-year-old Slovenian former model Melania Trump has already spent much of the year revealing what the country 's next First Lady might dress like .
Like many before her , she has championed the All-American style , most recently taking to the stage wearing a white , slit legged jumpsuit by Ralph Lauren .
As the US prepares to wave goodbye to perhaps the most stylish of leading ladies we are reminded of the indelible mark so many have left on White House fashion .
Not since Jackie Kennedy has the US had such a fashionable leading lady .
Michelle Obama 's timeless style appealed to all generations while her affinity with high-low fashion choices made her feel just like one of us .
From everyday off-the-rack clothes to costume creations from some seriously heavy hitting designers like Jason Wu and Tom Ford , Michelle had a winning fashion formula .
She has taken some risks during her time as First Lady but never lost sight of her polished look , especially that trademark sleeveless fare .
Having admitted that it was hard for her to be in the eye of the fashion critics , Laura Bush was never one to keep up with the trends , instead opting for a style categorised by harmless elegance rather than cutting edge fashion .
She was said to be shocked by the amount of designer clothes she was expected to wear as First Lady and thus , for her first Inaugural Ball wore a dress designed by a local designer from her homestate of Texas .
Laura was the ultimate in classic , conservative style albeit with a punch of patriotic pride .
Hilary has been dressing for the White House for decades now and in the process has seemingly carved herself a distinctive look ; one which used to be defined by pastel two pieces and a no-nonsense bob with wispy bangs .
Since then though her style has shifted and been repackaged with the help of Obama 's former aide Kristina Schake .
Ultimately , her sartorial choices can be summarised in a single word pantsuits .
A look she made her own in bright hues to show who really wore the trousers .
Former movie Star Nancy brought her fierce red carpet style to the White House as she ushered in a new era of Hollywood glamour .
She regularly opted for striking Reagan Red and gold lam over stale neutrals to really express her patriotism and even the late , great Oscar de la Renta once said she never made a single faux pas .
It might have been more than 20 years since her passing but Jackie Kennedy is still a fashion role model for women all over the world .
Coming to the White House in 1961 , she was one of the first First Ladies to be televised in that role and really took the media into consideration when she dressed .
Best known for her ladylike pillbox hats and skirt suits , she chose pale colours that would look good in black-and-white and was n't afraid to take risks in preppy cropped pants .
She might not have been particularly trendsetting but Betty certainly had style and a knack for fashion .
With her signature 70s-style bob , silk scarves , cat-eye specs and high-neck Chinese-style collars , this First Lady oozed individual style in the best way possible .
Like Hillary , she had a penchant for colour blocking often opting for all-in-one shades of cornflower blue and orange .
Could a writing robot make novelists obsolete ?
It might not happen anytime soon , but then again , it might . In Japan , a short novel co-written by an artificial intelligence program ( its co-author is human ) made it past the first stage of a literary contest , the Japan News reports .
The Nikkei Hoshi Shinichi Literary Award is named after Hoshi Shinichi , a Japanese science fiction author whose books include `` The Whimsical Robot '' and `` Greetings from Outer Space . '' Judges for the prize were n't told which novels were written by humans and which were penned by human-computer teams .
The award is unique in that it accepts entries from `` applicants who are not human beings ( AI programs and others ) . '' Novels co-written by humans and computers were submitted to the prize committee .
The Asahi Shimbun reports that one of four books co-written by an AI program made it past the first stage of the contest .
Teams of writers worked with an AI program to create the cyborg novels . The level of human involvement in the novels was about 80 % , one of the professors who worked on the project said .
However , the computers did the hard work — actually writing the text .
Humans decided the plot and character details of the novel , then entered words and phrases from an existing novel into a computer , which was able to construct a new book using that information .
The prize committee did n't disclose which of the four computer co-written entries advanced in the competition . The Japan News reports that one of the submitted books is titled `` The Day a Computer Writes a Novel , '' which ends with the sentences `` I writhed with joy , which I experienced for the first time , and kept writing with excitement . The day a computer wrote a novel . The computer , placing priority on the pursuit of its own joy , stopped working for humans . ''
Novelists probably should n't worry about losing their jobs just yet . Although the novel made it past the first round , it did n't win the award .
Still , the book impressed science-fiction novelist Satoshi Hase , who said , `` I was surprised at the work because it was a well-structured novel . But there are still some problems [ to overcome ] to win the prize , such as character descriptions . ''
The Onomichi Denim Project , a chic boutique in Onomichi , Japan ’ s Hiroshima Prefecture , is a popular destination for denim enthusiasts looking for a pair of truly special jeans . The shop is well-known around Japan and even abroad for selling premium jeans that have been worn by select members of the local community for at least one year .
Selling used jeans , or any other type of clothing for that matter , is not exactly a new business model , but Onomichi Denim Project is not your average second-hand denim retailer . Created in 2013 , as a collaborative effort between local designer Yoshiyuki Hayashi , textile expert Yukinobu Danjo , and Discoverlink Setouchi , an organization that aims to supports local industry , the minimalist boutique aims to draw attention to the city ’ s top-quality craftsmanship and its people in a unique way . Plus , while used denim is generally sold at a discount , these particular jeans actually get about twice as expensive after being worn by somebody almost daily , for at least a year .
Denim aficionados know that jeans usually require breaking to look their best , but there ’ s an art to how to wear , wash and dry them to achieve that desired look . That ’ s what makes Onomichi Denim Project so special – they hand-pick the wearers from the local community and closely monitor their transformation over the course of one year . Wearers rotate through two pairs of jeans that they promise to wear almost every day for the entire period , and bring them to the shop every week , to be laundered at a special denim processing facility , which ensures that every pair retains the evidence of each wearer ’ s life and work .
Meridian Magazine reports that Onomichi Denim Project recruits wearers from various walks of life to achieve various patterns . For example , a pair of jeans worn by a fisherman has faded lines left by knee-high rubber boots , a factory worker ’ s will feature the marks of a year ’ s worth of iron powder penetrating the fabric , while a wild boar hunter ’ s jeans will have permanent traces of blood . Every pair is obviously unique .
But getting people to agree to wearing one or two pairs of jeans for an entire year was tough , in the beginning . Some were intrigued by the idea but were reluctant to wear jeans almost exclusively , especially in the hot summer months , while others simply wondered who in their right mind would want to buy used jeans at premium prices . But soon a local architect jumped at the opportunity , thinking it would be fun , and others joined the program as well , to help boost their city ’ s travel industry .
When the pre-wearing period ends , each pair of jeans is washed according to color , hang-dried or tumbled , checked for individuality , tagged with detailed descriptions and put on sale at the minimalist Onomichi Denim Project boutique for anywhere between ¥25,000 ( $ 215 ) and ¥48,000 ( $ 415 ) . That ’ s about twice as they usually cost when new , but these are not just any jeans , they are cultural artifacts .
It ’ s not clear whether some of the proceeds from the sales go to wearers , but most of them are just happy to not have to spend money on jeans for a year .
This year at the Olympic games in Rio , you might stumble across a pretty interesting sight outside of the various stadiums holding competitions around the city .
Meet Chen Guanming , a 60-year-old Chinese farmer who pedalled his rickshaw all the way from China to Rio . He calls himself “ Olympic madman , ” and surely he deserves it : this is the third Olympic Games he rode to .
Brazilians welcomed him with the best friendship and a splendid show after he arrived Rio a week earlier .
Seventeen years ago , he embarked the crazy adventure as an Olympics chaser : he toured around China before attending the Beijing Olympics in 2008 , then made it to London in 2012 , and now he ’ s in Rio . He plans to finish his global journey in Tokyo for the 2020 Olympics .
He doesn ’ t really have money , but strangers he met on the road have been pouring support to him : a heart-felt encouragement , a warm meal , or a lift up a hill — the rickshaw , his good buddy , carries all his luggage and weighs as heavy as 400 pounds .
Zsofia Korodi , a Hungarian living in London , set up a Facebook fan page after being “ inspired by his actions , ” so that supporters keep track of him .
That way his journeys are pieced together , and people call out the next town to look out and take care of him .
When there ’ s water to cross , people he met fly him over , and he will patiently wait for the rickshaw to arrive by ship .
Chen spent two years , traveled almost 40,000 miles to get to the London Olympics . For Rio , he hopped a plane to Canada and then made his way from Canada through the US , South America to Rio .
Chen said he does it all to promote the Olympic spirit . “ My biggest hope is to encourage the vulnerable , the weak , and those who are afraid of challenges . ”
In Rio , he ’ s apparently becoming an Olympic celebrity — a sportsman that compete out of the fields , with himself .
And gets stopped wherever he goes to take pictures .
Even though he couldn ’ t watch the games at the scene , he ’ s completely happy by helping to pick trash and clean the surrounding areas of the stadiums . That ’ s what the Olympics are about , to use his own words , “ to challenge the boundaries , to compete in a friendly manner , and to win the honor of the higher calling . ”
See you in Japan in 2020 , Mr. Chen !
1 . Gansu , China
Blissfully well-connected thanks to high-speed rail services and upgraded highways , and a new metro will ease traffic in provincial capital , Lanzhou , when it opens this year .
Gansu ’ s crown jewel and world-class Buddhist art site , the Mogao Grottoes , received a huge upgrade in 2015 , but – just like the entire region – remains underrated and relatively crowd-free .
2 . South of Tokyo , Japan
With Japan currently on many travellers ’ bucket lists , two cities south of Tokyo are well worth making time for .
Yokohama is just a 20-minute train journey from the capital and packs considerable appeal with its bayside location , eclectic architecture , microbreweries and tasty cuisine .
Less than an hour from Tokyo , classy seaside town Kamakura is known for its surfing scene , but also offers a tempting selection of relaxed cafes and restaurants .
Helsinki is offering young people the chance to rent a cheap apartment in an old people 's home , if they agree to spend time socialising with the elderly residents .
The city council is seeking applications from renters under the age of 25 who will commit to spending between three and five hours each week with their older neighbours , at a care home in the eastern Laajasalo district . In exchange , they 'll get a studio flat measuring 23 sq m with a private kitchen , bathroom and balcony for 250 euros per month , public broadcaster Yle reports .
Currently only three flats are available , but the scheme is part of a wider effort to tackle a lack of accommodation for young people in the capital . Ordinarily a studio costs about 600 euros a month , depending on the area , one local university advises .
Those who apply do n't need any specific care experience . `` There are staff to look after the elderly , '' project manager Miki Mielonen tells Yle . `` We are looking for young people who maybe have a different perspective on everyday life , who will bring variety and recreation to the elderly residents . ''
More than 60 people have applied for the spaces in less than a week , and the idea has also been warmly welcomed by Finns on social media . `` Great project , hopefully it will spread to other areas , '' writes one person on Facebook , while another applauds the scheme for bringing different generations together .
But some wish it was open to more people , with one user saying : `` It 's a shame the flats are so small . It would have been nice if the elderly had a small family with children or a single parent as their neighbour . '' And one person is disappointed about the cut-off age , writing : `` Shame I 'm too old for this - I would have definitely applied . ''
Vocabulary
The earliest evidence of the bikini is found on Greek urns and paintings dating from 1400 BC , which feature pictures of women wearing a two-piece garment while playing sports . Its next surviving appearance is in a fourth century AD Roman mosaic discovered in Sicily .
Fast forward a few thousand years to the early 1900s and women were very conservative with their swimwear . Bathing suits completely covered the legs , arms and torso . During the 1940s , women in Europe started to reveal skin as World War II rationing pushed manufacturers to reduce the amount of fabric they used to make swimsuits . But it was n't until 1946 that things really began to heat up .
Women waited years for a bikini and then two came along ! Parisian designer Jacques Heim debuted the atome , the world 's smallest swimsuit . That same year , Louis Reard , a Parisian engineer , unveiled an even smaller suit to the world - made from just 30 inches of fabric . Named after Bikini Atoll , the Pacific Ocean site famous as the site of the first atomic bomb test , Reard hoped his invention would be just as explosive .
Beaches across the world tried to ban the bikini - the revelation of a woman 's belly button was considered scandalous , even in the Fifties . But Reard received 50,000 fan letters proving public opinion felt otherwise . Hollywood heavyweights Marilyn Monroe , Rita Hayworth and Bridget Bardot were soon pictured frolicking on many a beach in such a two-piece .
In 1960 , Bryan Hyland released the song Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini . Two years later , Ursula Andress emerged from the sea in a white belted bikini in Sean Connery 's first James Bond movie , Dr. No , and an icon was born .
The more bikinis grew in popularity , the smaller they became . Even Victoria Beckham was n't immune to the power of a bikini and , along with Steps and Destiny 's Child , the Spice Girls chose bikini tops for many a performance in the Nineties .
These days , you 're not anyone unless you pose poolside in your bikini . Not a day goes by when a celebrity is n't pictured on the beach in theirs , from 25-year-old Taylor Swift to Dame Helen Mirren when she was in her 50s . 2013 will go down in history as the year Beyonce wore that yellow two-piece for an H & amp ; M ad campaign .
It took 15 years for the bikini to be accepted in the United States . In 1951 bikinis were banned from the Miss World Contest . In 1957 , however , Brigitte Bardot 's bikini in And God Created Woman created a market for the swimwear in the US , and by 1963 , the movie Beach Party , starring Annette Funicello and Frankie Avalon , led a wave of films that made the bikini a pop-culture symbol .
People who are familiar with the history of Bikini Atoll may find the etymology and use of the word `` bikini '' for a garment as inappropriate , as its tongue-in-cheek `` explosive '' reputation effectively reduces the significance of a serious humanitarian crisis to a mere popular culture sex symbol in the minds of most people .
The bikini is a sex symbol that often makes the woman wearing it significantly more attractive in the eyes of men . Women often wear a bikini to impress men or to fit in with the other women in bikinis . Many magazines market themselves by placing a woman in a bikini on the cover . Men often just buy the magazine for the picture of the woman and women may buy it to learn how to look like the woman on the cover .
Because of the influence of the media , women try to lose weight before the summer so they can have the ideal `` bikini body . '' These weight loss goals are often unrealistic and unhealthy . The image of the bikini in the media sometimes brings about eating disorders in people striving to have the `` perfect '' body . In reality , most women do not achieve their weight loss goals , but still wear bikinis anyway . That 's why there are different styles of bikinis , in different sizes and in different colors to suit every woman 's body type .
Pear-shaped women typically have a smaller top half , with wider hips and a shapely behind . When picking a bikini , pear-shaped women should stick to high-waisted designs that show off their curves . Steer clear of ruching , draping and pleating , as well as thick-banded bottoms , which will only serve to draw attention to the area . To conceal your hips , tie the bikini or a sarong with the ends drifting down one side of your body and opt for wedges to lengthen your legs .
If , like around 40 % of women , you take a D cup or above , opt for a triangle top that ties at the neck ; good support is vital for spreading your bust out width-wise while lounging around the pool . As for the bottom half , opt for substantial briefs to emphasize your derrière and balance your top half . Color wise , darker or brighter hues are the most flattering ; avoid pale shades like the plague .
If you 're proportionally smaller on top with , say , an A or B cup , these tips are for you . Bandeau-style bikini tops are perfect for cheating a cleavage , as are ruffled tops . If you really want to go the extra mile , snap up a padded pushup top for extra lift . Accessory-wise , add lots of bracelets - including the oh-so-now gold tattoo jewelry - to draw attention to your arms , giving you a wider outline .
If you have a big bust , hips and thighs , it 's all about highlighting rather than concealing your curves , while simultaneously providing enough support and coverage . Asymmetrical suits are perfect for drawing attention to the neckline , while color blocking can help highlight your shape . Bigger bikini bottoms will help smooth things out . Choose eye-catching accessories that distract from your tummy - such as white-rimmed shades and a beach basket or bag .
The hardest word in the English language for foreigners to the pronounce is 'Worcestershire ' , according to a recent poll .
On a recent Reddit thread , user JustATreeNut , asked people from around the world to submit English words they struggled with most .
Top of the list is the name of an English county ( and a great British condiment ) , which although pronounced 'wuss-ter-sheer ' seems to confound most non-English speakers when they attempt it .
In the top ten , which was put together by Mamamia , apparently easy words such as 'specific ' and ‘ squirrel ’ took second and third place .
And certain words which appear on the list , including 'brewery ' and 'edited ' , seem rather straightforward to an average Brit .
Others , including 'phenomenon and 'February ' , are notorious tongue twisters even for native English speakers .
The last two words to make the top ten wereDerby , which is ( confusingly for foreigners ) pronounced 'darby ' , and 'heir ' .
Of course , we 've all had our embarrassing slips when attempting to pronounce unfamiliar words .
None more mortifying , perhaps , than John Travolta 's linguistic misstep at the 2014 Oscars , where he pronounced Frozen star Idina Menzel 's name as : 'Adele Dazeem ' , for the entire world to see .
And let 's not forget Benedict Cumberbatch , the Oscar-nominated British thespian who famously recorded an entire voiceover for a 2009 BBC nature documentary pronouncing the word 'penguin ' as 'peng-wing ' .
Speaking later on BBC America 's The Graham Norton Show , the 38-year-old blamed his producers for failing to correct him at any point during the recording .
THE TEN HARDEST ENGLISH WORDS
Serving Christmas guests freezer food would once have been considered a major faux-pas among discerning middle-class hosts .
But now a new wave of upmarket frozen food appears to be winning over those who feel guilty over the huge amount of fresh food they buy which ends up being throw in the bin .
Shops have developed frozen versions of dishes adored by foodies such as gourmet king prawns , sweet potato chips and quinoa in recent months and they are flying off the shelves , according to a report by the Grocer .
Frozen food maker Young 's `` Gastro '' range sold nearly £10 million of food alone , it said .
As well as appealing to slightly more sophisticated taste buds , luxury frozen food may also help families reduce food waste , as unlike fresh food it does not go off within days .
Government figures recently showed the average household throws £700 of food in the bin every year , with the festive season particularly bad for waste levels .
Unilever research found the equivalent of over 4 million Christmas dinners were wasted with an estimated 17.2 million Brussels sprouts , 11.9 million carrots and 11.3 million roast potatoes ending up on the bin this Christmas .
Iceland is a major driver behind the upmarket frozen food trend , the report said , as the store has undergone an image overhaul in a bid to rival Aldi and Lidl by becoming the next middle-class bargain haven .
In October a number of Iceland meals gained accreditation by the prestigious Craft Guild of Chefs after poaching Waitrose 's Head Chef Neil Nugent ’ s relationship with the Guild , as he was previously a member .
Dishes awarded the sought-after mark include its Luxury Uncooked Canadian Lobster Tails ( 220g ) , En Papillote Sea Bass Fillets ( 310g ) , and a Luxury Rack of Lamb ( 500g ) .
In addition Iceland 's mince pies also beat 24 other brands including luxury offerings from Harrods and Selfridges as the best available this year according to Good Housekeeping magazine .
Yvonne Adam , marketing director at Young 's Seafood told The Grocer : `` While there is some switching to chilled fish , frozen fish is outperforming frozen food in general . There is significant growth in some categories of frozen fish as more and more people look to frozen , or trade up , for value and quality. ``
Mahjong lovers in China have found a unique way to deal with a merciless heat wave descending on their city .
What do you do if it 's way too hot but you just ca n't stay away from your favourite boardgame ?
Well , kick your shoes and socks off , grab a chair and umbrella and head down to the river .
That 's what people in the town of Dujiangyan are doing and regardless of who wins at mahjong - they certainly all beat the heat !
And hot it is - media reports say that over the past days , the thermometer in the town in Sichuan province climbed to just under 40C .
Mahjong is an ancient Chinese board game and is often played by elderly people in public parks . But current temperatures are nothing to mess with .
Local media reports cite players joking that the only hazard they still have to tackle is the occasional shoe floating away downstream .
But overall `` it 's awesome . I can enjoy mahjong while feeling cool and refreshing , '' one player says in a video uploaded by a regional paper .
It 's not the first time the region has seen such heat in the summer and river mahjong has been popular in the small town for a few years now .
It is n't often we get the opportunity to peer inside a billionaire 's wardrobe , so when Mark Zuckerberg posted a photograph of his online yesterday , the world scrutinised deeply . Will there be bespoke , fat cat-style pinstripe suits , we wondered ? A row of Rolex watches ? Shoes with goldfish contained in the heels ?
There was not .
The Facebook co-founder revealed a limited clothing collection via an update – on Facebook , obviously – in which he joked about facing a tricky sartorial choice upon his first day back in the office after paternity leave .
First day back after paternity leave . What should I wear ? Posted by Mark Zuckerberg on Monday , 25 January 2016
Rather than any ostentatious designer workwear , Zuckerberg 's wardrobe featured just a row of grey t-shirts and grey zip-up hoodies . The morning routine of an entrepreneurial genius , it seems , is to save the unnecessary time spent deciding over changing outfits each day .
To keen observers of Silicon Valley fashion trends , Zuckerberg 's choice of t-shirts and hoodies is no revelation . The 31-year-old has rarely been seen in anything else , it being the unofficial uniform of tech start-ups . Removing all semblance of colour variation , however , is a bold new step .
But is it a genius move , or one of a psychopath ? Naturally , the online community , who are after all Zuckerberg 's people , aired urgent opinions .
When your entire wardrobe consists of a -- sweatshirt , you can afford to live on a billion dollars . Bravo Zuckerberg ! # Zuckerberg — Lou DiMaggio ( @ loudimaggio )
Taking a curious financial hack angle , Lou DiMaggio suggested Zuckerberg 's saving on different coloured t-shirts could be responsible for his enormous personal wealth . We presume it 's more likely to do with the social media website Facebook.com , but it 's certainly an argument worth hearing .
Others , like Aiden Arrendondo , seemed largely lost for words :
Jessie Lim gave a backhanded compliment , after pointing out that Daniel Radcliffe also wore the same t-shirt for an extended period of time .
But for Zuckerberg it 's the opposite effect . Like ... Why is a grey t shirt even newsworthy haha . But he 's so strange he pulls it off . — Jessie Lim ( @ White_umbrella ) January 26 , 2016
Shakespeare probably did n't foresee the Silicon Valley generation when he wrote that `` Clothes make the man '' , but it has since been argued that successful people wear the same thing every day . And Zuckerberg , whose net worth exceeds $ 46 billion , is certainly successful .
So where do you stand ? Sartorial genius , or robotic psychopath ?
Successful people with monotonous wardrobes
Anna Wintour rarely changes her uniform of a simple dress , severe and perfect bob , and massive sunglasses
Steve Jobs and black polonecks are almost synonymous
Karl Lagerfeld is never seen not wearing black , with his hair and sunglasses firmly in place every day
Christopher Nolan the film director , told the New York Times it was “ a waste of energy ” to choose a new outfit everyday and always wears a dark jacket and a blue shirt .
Albert Einstein bought multiple versions of the same suit
Even The Queen dresses in similarly cut suits and identical hats - although they are in all the colours of the rainbow
While 2016 was a bummer of a year for a whole host of reasons , no on can deny it was a banner year for music .
With blockbuster album from established artists like Beyonce , Rihanna , Drake , and Kanye to the coming out party of Chance the Rapper , the Grammy 's ( airing on CBS this Sunday ) , is going to be incredibly competitive .
Performances are expected by artists across the board , including A Tribe Called Quest and Anderson .Paak , Lady Gaga and Metallica , Adele , Beyonce ( and her unborn children ) , and the glorious return of Daft Punk backing The Weeknd .
If you 're looking to get a head start on the musical festivities , or are looking to stock your record collection with some of the best albums from 2016 , we 've collected some of the Grammy nominated albums .
Take a look at what you may have missed , and get ready for what 's sure to be an impressive show on Sunday .
`` 25 '' by Adele
What it 's nominated for : Record Of The Year , Album Of The Year , Song Of The Year , Best Pop Solo Performance , Best Pop Vocal Album
Why you should check it out : All Adele does is put out hits ; she has not one , but two albums in the top 100 right now because people never stop buying her hits . Anyone that 's good enough to sell out six nights at Madison Square Garden deserves a spot in your record collection .
Cannes has banned people taking bags onto its beaches amid fears that France could be hit with further terror attacks .
The town 's mayor David Lisnard announced the ban on any bag which could conceal a weapon on Wednesday , in response to the massacre in Nice almost two weeks ago .
The decision also comes the day after an 85-year-old priest was murdered as he performed morning mass in Normandy .
According to 20Minutes , a spokesman for Cannes town hall explained : 'The Mayor has put in place additional protection for locals and tourists on the beaches , under the State of Emergency , banning the possession and transporting of large containers ( backpacks , suitcases or other luggage ) , the opacity and size could hide dangerous materials , weapons or explosives . '
People are being encouraged to carry 'see-through ' bags instead , the Mirror claimed .
The ban will remain in place until the end of October - comes amid a growing wave of panic in France , which has suffered seven fatal terror attacks since the start of 2015 .
The Cote d'Azur has been flooded with rumours of further possible attacks following the murders in Nice , when Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel drove a lorry into a crowd on the Promenade des Anglais on Bastille Day , killing 84 innocent people .
Police were forced to deny Wednesday they had foiled an attack on Jaun-le-Pins , which sits in between Nice and Cannes .
According to Nice Matin , a message being shared on social media earlier on Wednesday read : 'A truck full of heavy weapons and explosives had been found in Saint-Tropez and Marseille for an attack in Antibes . '
Police have denied the rumour - saying there had never been any such plot . 'We never found such a truck , ' a police spokesman told the newspaper .
PRISON BREAK villain T-Bag is set to be dealing with an inner struggle when the new season hit screens next month , it has been revealed .
Actor Robert Knepper , who portrays the child murderer and rapist , will find himself confronting his past and his own issues in the limited run of the Fox hit .
In a recent interview the 57-year-old star hinted that his brutal , unrepentant alter-ego would be a changed man compared to the felon fans know him for .
`` I think you 're going to find him fighting his demons a little bit more than he would have before , '' the American actor said .
Robert continued : `` Before , he would have said , 'You 're looking at me wrong ? You 're dead ' . Now , he 'll say , 'I have to think about it . If I kill somebody , there are ramifications ' .
He went on to tell The Hollywood Reporter : `` When ( creator ) Paul Scheuring called me up for ( season five ) at the beginning of the year , I said , 'Just give him something new . Just make sure we have something new ' .
“ And he did . He gave us so much new stuff for so many of our characters , but also some of the old stuff , which was great . ''
The star also revealed that T-Bag , who famously had to cut off his own hand will be getting a new one for the revival .
He promised there would be some “ cute little spontaneous moments ” when the prisoner realises that he had the use of his hand back .
The new of Prison Break will explain how Michael Scofield ( played by Wentworth Miller ) managed to survive after his character seemingly died at the end of the show when it originally finished .
A Chinese restaurant has come under fire for offering discounts to women depending on their bra size , it 's reported .
According to the Qianjiang Evening Post , local people complained to the council after seeing posters advertising discounts for the Trendy Shrimp restaurant at a mall in Hangzhou , the main city of coastal Zhejiang province .
The company 's adverts showed a line-up of cartoon women in their underwear with the slogan `` The whole city is looking for BREASTS '' . It listed discounts for women depending on their cup size , with greater offers available to women with bigger busts .
One representative complaint said the posters were `` vulgar advertising '' and `` discriminatory towards women '' .
`` Once the promotion started , customer numbers rose by about 20 % , '' he said , adding that `` some of the girls we met were very proud - they had nothing to hide '' .
He reassured readers that customers could claim their discounts from the waitresses rather than dealing with male staff , in order to `` avoid embarrassment '' .
This is not the first time that a restaurant in China has offered discounts based on appearance . In January 2015 , a restaurant in Henan rewarded diners it deemed `` good-looking '' , a month after an eatery in Chongqing gave discounted food to overweight men and thin women .
`` We care about fat people and thin people . Bring your fat or thin friends , eat for free , '' the restaurant 's website stated .
The process of deciding on an outfit for the Oscars normally begins months in advance of the highly anticipated Hollywood awards ceremony .
But if any nominated actresses have left their outfits for Sunday 's ceremony to the last minute , they may wish to take note of this advice .
Fashion experts at Cosmopolitan claim to have calculated the winning formula for what hopefuls should wear to be in with the best chance of winning an Academy Award .
Charles Manning , style director at the magazine , analysed the dresses of the past 30 years of female Oscar winners to work out the common features of their outfits .
Taking into account ten different aspects of style - including color , neckline and train - he said the luckiest dress would have 'a shiny or sparkly opaque black sheath dress with a train , worn without a belt or a wrap ' .
In case nominees do not have time to find a dress with all the key characteristics , he identified a dress from the spring 2015 Armani Privé couture collection that would fit the bill .
Black was found to be the most popular dress color or shade . It was worn by around a third of Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress winners - including Julia Roberts when she was awarded best actress for Erin Brockovich in 2001 .
The sheath won the battle for best silhouette after it was worn by 60 percent of winning women .
The V-neck , as modeled by Reese Witherspoon in vintage Chanel in 2006 , was found to be the most common neckline .
Winning actresses historically go for bare arms in sleeveless dresses such as Lupita Nyong ’ o 's 2014 Prada outfit , while favorite fabrics were either shiny or sparkly .
Although the analysis noted that sheer has been a consistent trend over the last few years - not when it comes to Oscar-winning dresses .
Only 18 percent of winners - including Cher in 1988 - went for sheer with most opting for opaque gowns .
When it comes to a train , actresses were split almost down the middle : 53 percent , including Renee Zellweger in 2004 , went for one , while 47 percent followed Anne Hathaway 's lead by going without .
Brie Larsen wore a belt with her Gucci dress at last year 's Oscars but the research claims that generally Oscar-winning actresses do not . Only 15 percent of winners have worn one .
Embellishment also divided actresses in half - with winners split 50-50 - while wraps were shunned by the vast majority of winners .
The authorities in Shengzhou , Zhejiang Province , were encouraging people to collect discarded cigarettes from the streets and hand them in , the Sohu news website reports . For every 50 that were collected , the city was offering a pack of tissues in return . But the apparently meagre reward had people turning out in droves .
The sanitation task force was soon flooded with cigarette butts , receiving almost five million of them in three weeks , and costing them 100,000 packets of tissues . One elderly woman turned up with more than 9,000 butts , Sohu says . People were counting out their used cigarettes in little piles outside the office , the Zhejiang Radio and TV Group reports .
Officials soon felt that something was amiss , suspecting that those taking part had either been sent cigarettes by people beyond Shengzhou , or had travelled in from elsewhere . That prompted them to cancel the campaign .
`` Many of the cigarette butts we received were fairly clean - they were not soiled or soaked in any way , and they did n't look like they were picked up from the ground , '' an unnamed official tells The Paper . `` We could n't be sure where the butts were collected , so we had no choice but to accept them all . ''
Many social media users feel the government can only blame itself for how things turned out . `` It is just that the authorities have n't prepared it well enough , '' one says on the Sina Weibo microblogging site . While some are unimpressed that people tried to cheat the system , others point out a potentially unintended consequence : the scheme could simply encourage smokers to light up more often . `` It 's no different from welfare for smokers , '' one person writes . `` Save your cigarette butts , we 'll give you tissues in exchange . ''
Donald Trump is planning to spend as little time in the White House as possible , according to reports .
The president-elect 's preference for his $ 100 million New York penthouse has called into question who will pay for the 90-minute commute to the capital by helicopter .
During the campaign trail , the businessman would often fly back late at night to his gold-bedecked luxury home in Trump Tower so he could wake up in his own bed .
The New York Times claimed that Trump is already having discussions with advisers about how many days of the week he is required to spend in the White House .
He has reportedly told them he would like to spend time in New York whenever he can .
Melania is understood to be expecting to make the move to Washington .
But the couple 's 10-year-old son , Barron , is midway through a school year at the private Columbia Grammar and Preparatory School , in Manhattan .
It has been speculated Barron may move to Washington to be schooled at Sidwell Friends – which has educated the children of presidents for the past 35 years .
But it has also been reported that the 10-year-old could actually remain in New York with his grandparents and stay at his current school .
Trump is likely to spend most of the week in Washington , returning to Trump Tower or his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach on weekends .
His advisers said the mogul was impressed with the White House during his meeting with President Obama .
They said they hope he becomes more accustomed to living there once he becomes 'less overwhelmed and more comfortable ' with the presidency .
It is hardly surprising that the president-elect is reluctant to leave his 30,000 sq ft Manhattan apartment which is spread over three floors and boasts breathtaking views of Central Park .
The luxurious penthouse appears to take inspiration from the Palace of Versailles , with floor to ceiling marble and walls garnished in 24-carat gold .
Trump has previously promised he was not planning to change the decor in the White House to match his own tastes - prompting sighs of relief .
'Honestly , look : It 's a very special place , ' he told CNN earlier this year .
'It 's a very special building . The White House represents something so important .
'It 's gon na be clean . It 's gon na be beautiful . It 's gon na be well maintained . It 's gon na be just like it is . I 'm gon na be working — I 'm not gon na be decorating . '
Entertaining at Buckingham Palace is never going to be a simple affair .
Each and every state banquet ( and the Queen has already hosted 110 of them ) takes ten days to prepare for and requires 1,700 pieces of mismatched baroque , Rocco and neo-classic cutlery to be placed at each of the 170 table settings precisely 46 cm apart .
Crockery is taken from King George IV 's 4,000 piece Grand Service ( which takes a team of eight three weeks to unpack and repack ) and 1,104 glasses - six for each guest to contain water , champagne for the toast , red wine , white wine , champagne or sweet wine and port - must be laid on the pristine 175-foot dining table .
On the night , 76 members of staff , from under butlers to pages , ensure that each plate is laid down at exactly the same time by keeping their eye on a hidden system of traffic lights – blue for ‘ stand by ’ and amber for 'serve the food ' .
And at the end of the evening the Queen 's priceless gilt-edged porcelain is taken back below stairs to be washed , by hand , using good old Fairy Liquid – although woe-betide anyone ( and if they have , then the palace is n't saying ) who chips one of the those .
The Donald Trump win devastated many who wanted America to elect its first female president .
However , some have already cast aside their previous female candidate , Hillary Clinton , and are now endorsing another potential first female president - Michelle Obama .
The First Lady to Barack Obama is very popular and many think she would be in with a chance of winning the election for the Democrats in 2020 . The hashtag # Michelle2020 trended on Twitter as people voiced their hopes she would save the US from President Trump .
While some are tweeting in jest , others seem to actually want her to run to be president of the United States as a tonic to Donald Trump 's impending term .
Can Michelle fix it ?
Could she be America 's only hope ?
People are really getting into this idea
Some want to fast-forward to 2020
`` The only sensible thing to happen today ''
Some want to campaign now
And others think she could win even without campaigning
Primary school pupils will only get credit for using exclamation marks in sentences beginning with 'what ' or 'how ' , under strict new Government rules .
Ministers have been accused of `` taking writing back to the 19th century '' after issuing the restrictive new guidance over what counts as an `` exclamation '' .
`` For the purposes of the English grammar , punctuation and spelling test , an exclamation is required to start with What or How , '' the guidance for Key Stage 1 and 2 national curriculum tests states .
Children are expected to be able to recognise and write examples of exclamation sentences , and will not get any credit for using exclamation marks in other ways , examiners have been told .
The guidance suggests `` What a lovely day ! '' or `` How exciting ! '' as acceptable examples .
`` A sentence that ends in an exclamation mark , but which does not have one of the grammatical patterns shown above , is not considered to be creditworthy as an exclamation ( e.g . exclamatory statements , exclamatory imperatives , exclamatory interrogatives or interjections ) , '' it says .
A source at the Department for Education denied the move was intended to curb the proliferation of the exclamation mark in text messages and social media .
The curriculum also acknowledges that an exclamation mark can be used in other ways such as to give emphasis to a statement or command . A source said : `` We ’ re not telling pupils to not use exclamation marks . The guidance is on what marks can and can ’ t be awarded in these tests . ”
John Sutherland , emeritus professor of modern English literature at University College London , told the Sunday Times that the guidance was `` ridiculous '' .
`` It is nonsense of the highest degree . I am not surprised teachers wearily sigh when these instructions come down from Whitehall , '' he said .
Writing on SchoolsWeek , Ben Fuller , a lead moderator , said the changes `` take writing back to the 19th century '' .
A Department for Education spokesperson said : `` A high-quality education in English – and the ability to communicate effectively – is an important part of the government ’ s commitment to extend opportunity to all . ''
Countless arguments have been waged over the superiority of one beverage over the other . But what does the scientific evidence say ?
George Orwell may have written that “ tea is one of the mainstays of civilization in this country ” – but even we British have to acknowledge that our national drink is facing stiff competition from the espressos , cappuccinos , and lattes invading our shores .
Despite the dangers of wading into such a charged argument , BBC Future decided to weigh up the relative merits of each drink . There ’ s no accounting for taste , of course , but we have combed the scientific literature for their real , measurable effects on our body and mind .
The wake-up call
For many , the caffeine kick is the primary reason we choose either beverage ; it ’ s the oil to our engines when we ’ re still feeling a bit creaky in the morning . Based purely on its composition , coffee should win hands down : a cup of tea has about half the dose ( 40 milligrams ) of the stimulant caffeine that you would find in a standard cup of brewed filter coffee ( 80 to 115 milligrams ) . Yet this doesn ’ t necessarily reflect the jolt of the wake-up call .
Dosing subjects with either tea or coffee , one study found that both beverages left subjects feeling similarly alert later in the morning .
Verdict : Against logic , tea seems to provide just as powerful a wake-up call as coffee . It ’ s a draw .
Sleep quality
The biggest differences between coffee and tea may emerge once your head hits the pillow .
Comparing people drinking the same volume of tea or coffee over a single day , researchers at the University of Surrey in the UK confirmed that although both drinks lend similar benefits to your attention during the day , coffee drinkers tend to find it harder to drop off at night – perhaps because the higher caffeine content finally catches up with you .
Tea drinkers , in contrast , had longer and more restful slumbers .
Verdict : Tea offers many of the benefits of coffee , without the sleepless nights – a clear win .
Tooth staining
Along with red wine , coffee and tea are both known to turn our pearly whites a murky yellow and brown . But which is worse ?
Most dentists seem to agree that tea ’ s natural pigments are more likely to adhere to dental enamel than coffee ’ s – particularly if you use a mouthwash containing the common antiseptic chlorhexidine , which seems to attract and bind to the microscopic particles .
Verdict : If you want a perfect smile , coffee may be the lesser of two evils .
A balm for troubled souls…
In England , it ’ s common to give “ tea and sympathy ” to a distressed friend – the idea being that a cup of Earl Grey is medicine for troubled minds . In fact , there is some evidence that tea can soothe your nerves : regular tea drinkers do tend to show a calmer physiological response to unsettling situations ( such as public speaking ) , compared to people drinking herbal infusions . Overall , people who drink three cups a day appear to have a 37 % lower risk of depression than those who do not drink tea .
Coffee doesn ’ t have the same reputation ; indeed , some report that it makes them feel like their nerves are jangling . Yet there is some evidence that it too may protect against long-term mental health problems . A recent “ meta-analysis ” ( summarising the results of studies involving more than 300,000 participants ) found that each cup of coffee a day seems to reduce your risk of developing depression by around 8 % . In contrast , other beverages ( such as sweetened soft drinks ) only increase your risk of developing mental health problems .
Verdict : Based on this limited evidence , it ’ s a draw .
…and a balm for bodies……
Similarly tantalising , though preliminary , epidemiological studies have suggested that both coffee and tea offer many other health-giving benefits . A few cups of either beverage a day appears to reduce your risk of diabetes , for instance .
Both drinks also seem to moderately protect the heart , although the evidence seems to be slightly stronger for coffee , while tea also appears to be slightly protective against developing a range of cancers – perhaps because of its antioxidants .
Verdict : Another draw – both drinks are a surprising , health-giving elixir .
Overall verdict : Much as we Brits would have liked tea to come out the clear victor , we have to admit there is little between the two drinks besides personal taste . Based solely on the fact that it allows you to get a better night ’ s sleep , we declare tea the winner .
The White House announced on Wednesday a gender-neutral bathroom is now available at the Eisenhower Executive Office Building . The decision to open such a restroom was made , according to reports , to protect the rights of LGBT members .
The site is in an area where White House personnel offices are located along with meeting spaces.According to CNN , the White House presently permits their staff and guests to use bathrooms that their gender identity applies to .
`` The White House allows staff and guests to use restrooms consistent with their gender identity , which is in keeping with the Administration ’ s existing legal guidance on this issue and consistent with what is required by the Executive Order that took effect today for federal contractors , '' White House spokesman Jeff Tiller told CNN . `` In addition , an all-gender restroom is also available in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building , which provides guests and staff an additional option . ''
Responding most recently to a petition on WeThePeople.gov , the White House is seeking to prohibit therapies directed at changing the sexual orientation of young individuals , The New York Times reports . The petition , which has over 100,000 signatures , asked for lawmakers in Washington to write up and pass a bill called `` Leelah ’ s Law . ''
White House Senior Adviser Valerie Jarrett wrote in response to the petition , `` We share your concern about its potentially devastating effects on the lives of transgender as well as gay , lesbian , bisexual , and queer youth . ''
Jarrett explained , `` When assessing the validity of conversion therapy , or other practices that seek to change an individual ’ s gender identity or sexual orientation , it is as imperative to seek guidance from certified medical experts . '' She added , `` The overwhelming scientific evidence demonstrates that conversion therapy , especially when it is practiced on young people , is neither medically nor ethically appropriate and can cause substantial harm .
Jarrett concluded in the statement , `` As part of our dedication to protecting America ’ s youth , this Administration supports efforts to ban the use of conversion therapy for minors . ''
A 100-year-old fruitcake believed to be from the Scott expedition has been found in a nearly `` edible '' state in the Antarctic .
The cake , wrapped in paper and stored inside a rusted tin , was found in the Antarctic 's oldest building , a hut on Cape Adare .
It is believed to have been brought to the Antarctic by British explorer Robert Falcon Scott , during his Terra Nova expedition between 1910 and 1913 .
The brand of the cake , Huntley & amp ; Palmers , was known to be a favorite of Scott , who successfully led his team to the South Pole in 1912 from the base hut .
It was found during a two-year conservation project by the Antarctic Heritage Trust , who said it `` looked and smelt ( almost ) edible '' .
`` With just two weeks to go on the conservation of the Cape Adare artefacts , finding such a perfectly preserved fruitcake in amongst the last handful of unidentified and severely corroded tins was quite a surprise , '' Lizzie Meek , the programme manager for artefacts at the Trust , said .
`` It 's an ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions , and is still a favorite item on modern trips to the Ice . ''
The cake has been returned to the hut , along with other restored artefacts .
Scott and all four members of his team died on their return journey from the South Pole to the base on the Terra Nova .
He 's just won the Champions League with Real Madrid -- and now Cristiano Ronaldo can celebrate being the world 's highest-paid athlete , too .
Forbes estimates that Portugal captain Ronaldo , who will be one of the biggest stars at Euro 2016 in France , earned a staggering $ 88 million last year .
That puts him clear at the top of the American business magazine 's annual compilation of the world 's 100 highest-paid athletes -- and it means he is again ahead of Barcelona rival Lionel Messi , with the pair having finished third and fourth last year .
Argentina 's Messi earned $ 81.4m this year as soccer 's two biggest stars rung the changes at the pinnacle of the list .
It is the first time since 2000 that either golfer Tiger Woods -- who drops to 12th after a wretched run of poor form and injury problems -- or boxer Floyd Mayweather has not headed the table .
The Forbes data reveals that the top 100 athletes earned an amazing $ 3.15 billion between them over the past 12 months .
Tennis titans Roger Federer ( $ 67.8m ) and Novak Djokovic ( $ 55.8m ) retain their top 10 spots in a list that includes stars from 10 different sports .
The 100 highest-paid athletes come from 23 countries , with a majority of them -- 65 -- Americans .
Amongst those is golfer Jordan Spieth ( $ 52.8m ) , whose rise from 85th place last year to ninth this time makes him the biggest mover on the list after a year that includes a big-money FedEx Cup success .
Basketball stars LeBron James ( $ 77.2m ) and Kevin Durant ( $ 56.2m ) occupy third and fifth places , but baseball is the most heavily represented sport on the list , boasting 26 names .
Basketball has 18 , American football 21 and soccer 12 .
The Forbes figures include all salaries , prize money and bonuses paid out between June 1 last year and the same date in 2016 .
The magazine says its calculations are `` based on conversations with dozens of industry insiders '' and adds : `` We do not deduct for taxes or agents ' fees , and we do not include investment income . ''
Prince William has been filmed dancing like a dad at a wedding while on a lads ' skiing trip in Switzerland .
The future king of England was seen busting some old-school moves inside the Farinet nightclub while holidaying in the upmarket resort of Verbier .
Footage taken by a member of the public shows William 'raising the roof ' to the hit song 'I Got 5 On It ' by American hip hop duo Luniz , before he was seen getting down to some electronic dance music .
Websites from across the world , including many in the United States , were quick to share the video , as were others from Commonwealth countries such as the Daily Telegraph in Australia and the Quebec Times in Canada .
William , 34 , was alone on the floor as he danced at the violet-hued venue , but he made the trip to Switzerland with several of his close friends .
He was photographed hitting the ski slopes and riding in a lift with his pals in the snowy paradise on Sunday .
Princess Kate and her two kids with Prince William were not present at the mountain getaway . They instead are believed to have spent the day in Bucklebury , England , where her parents live , according to People .
William did not attend the Commonwealth Day event , which celebrates the 52 counties in the Commonwealth of Nations , on Monday .
Decision to miss such a key event in the royal calendar will inevitably revive criticism that prince is 'workshy ' .
Yuan will stabilize
China 's central bank governor said the yuan 's exchange rate will naturally stabilize as the country 's strong economic fundamentals remain in place .
People 's Bank of China Governor Zhou Xiaochuan said on Friday that the fluctuation in the forex market is quite normal and the market should not read too much into the changes .
Zhou said the central bank will enhance regulation of forex market in the future .
China to strengthen financial asset management
China could update the level of financial asset regulation if necessary to tackle `` serious problems '' in the country 's financial product market , People 's Bank of China Governor Zhou Xiaochuan said on Friday .
He said the major regulatory bodies overseeing the banking , securities and insurance sectors , the central bank and the foreign exchange administration , have reached a consensus on a way forward with detailed management policies to come out later .
China 's monetary stance to remain unchanged
China 's prudent and neutral monetary policy will remain unchanged as such a stance is conducive to the country 's structural reform , Zhou Xiaochuan , governor of the People 's Bank of China , said .
The central bank has many monetary policy tools available to it and the market should not read too much into its every move , he said .
`` If the monetary stance is made more neutral while remaining prudent , it will benefit China 's structural reform , because if the stance is too loose , enterprises will not face pressure to reduce leverage , '' he said .
He also said the problem of small enterprises facing difficulty getting financing will gradually ease . `` Small enterprises have accounted for about one third of bank loans , much higher than before . ''
Bond market will be opened further
Zhou Xiaochuan , central bank governor , said progress made in the last year , referring to the yuan 's inclusion into the International Monetary Fund 's special drawing rights basket , has attracted foreign investors into domestic bond market .
Pan Gongsheng , vice-governor of the central bank , said China would improve the tax system to support the opening-up of the bond market .
Deleveraging process ca n't be rushed
Yi Gang , vice governor of the central bank , said the deleveraging process can not be implemented at a fast pace in order to fend off financial risks .
`` The first step is to control the leverage level , '' Yi said .
Central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan said the financial sector should refuse support for enterprises with high leverage ratios .
China plans tougher regulation of third-party payment platforms
China will strengthen regulation of third-party payment platforms as serious problems , such as lack of protection of customer privacy and misuse of customer funds , have been reported , said Fan Yifei , vice-governor of the People 's Bank of China , the central bank , on Friday .
China 's third-party payment industry has grown rapidly in recent years , with total transaction reaching 120 trillion yuan ( $ 17.4 trillion ) in 2016 , up from 18 trillion yuan in 2013 , Fan added .
Mortgage loans projected to record slower growth
After increasing at a fast pace last year , mortgage loans are expected to record slower growth , said Zhou Xiaochuan , governor of the People 's Bank of China , the country 's central bank , on Friday .
Extension of mortgage loans will help to reduce real estate stocks in lower-tier cities , but it may lead to price rises in major cities , Zhou said , adding that mortgage loans can boost growth of related industries . `` We should adopt a relatively balanced policy ( on mortgage loans ) , '' he said .
Zhou said mortgage loans may continue to rise at a `` relatively fast '' pace , although it may moderately slow in the coming years .
China still backs foreign investment by domestic firms
China still supports normal investment in foreign markets by domestic enterprises , said Zhou Xiaochuan , central bank governor , on Friday .
But the country will control some `` blind '' investment or investment that have `` dubious motives '' .
Forex reserves adequate to maintain financial stability
The current $ 3 trillion foreign exchange reserves level is adequate for China to maintain financial stability , Zhou Xiaochuan , central bank governor , said on Friday .
Zhou said a decline in forex reserves is not a bad thing .
Yi Gang , vice-governor of the bank , said using forex reserves to stabilize the currency 's exchange rate does more good than harm .
China-US interest rate gap not big factor on yuan rate
The interest rate gap between China and the US will not necessarily have a major impact on the exchange rate of the yuan , said Zhou Xiaochuan , governor of the central bank , on Friday .
Interest rate gap is a factor that drives short-term international capital flows , but in the middle term , a country 's economic fundamentals , such as growth rate , investor confidence , and inflation level , determine the direction of cross-border capital flows , he told a news conference during the ongoing legislative and political advisory sessions .
He cited the case of Japan , which has ultra-low interest rates for years .
A 90-year-old tortoise is going twice its normal speed after being fitted with a set of wheels .
The animal , called Mrs T , was facing a grim future after a rat chewed off her two front legs while she was hibernating , but her owners glued the wheels from a model aircraft onto her shell .
`` It was like fitting her with a turbo charger - she 's going double the speed she used to , '' said owner Jude Ryder . `` She uses her back legs to push herself along . She seems quite happy , but it 's difficult to tell with a tortoise . ''
The 56-year-old was horrified when she went to check on her ancient pet last month and found her front legs had been eaten in the rat attack .
Her local vet battled to save Mrs T , but feared she would not survive without being mobile . After running up a £1,000 vet bill , Mrs Ryder turned to her mechanical engineer son Dale , 37 , for help .
He designed the front wheels and used resin to attach them to the front of the shell .
Mrs Ryder said : `` She took to them straight away , but she has had to learn how to turn and stop . She can get a good speed up , much faster than before . Mrs T is still quite young for a tortoise . She could go on for another 50 years - all she needs is a new set of tyres every now and again . ''
Mrs T was in her 60s when she was bought as a pet for Dale when he was eight . It has the run of Mrs Ryder 's garden in Pembroke , West Wales , in the spring and summer before being tucked away in the garden shed to hibernate .
But a rat got in last month and chewed off both her front legs to the elbow joint .
Mrs Ryder said : `` We were afraid she may have to be put down , but her new set of wheels have saved her life . She has the run of the garden again and we can always find her because she leaves very strange tracks behind wherever she goes . ''
Rats attacking tortoises is not uncommon - in 2013 Britain 's oldest tortoise died after a rat attack . Thomas the tortoise was 130 when he was bitten at his home in Guernsey .
He spent five days on strong antibiotics , but the wound became so infected his owner had no choice but to have him put to sleep .
In a rollercoaster movie awards season with no clear favourite in the Oscars best picture race , there is one sure bet - Leonardo DiCaprio , one of the world ’ s biggest celebrities , will finally take home the best actor statuette on Sunday .
DiCaprio ’ s fifth acting Oscar nomination , for his role as a fur trapper bent on revenge in The Revenant , will prove the charm , awards pundits say , and crown the actor ’ s transformation from teen heartthrob to Hollywood heavyweight .
“ There are cases when a particular actor is seen as overdue , and this year it ’ s definitely Leonardo DiCaprio , ” said Dave Karger , chief correspondent of movie website Fandango .
“ What is great is that he is going to win for the right performance , ” Karger said .
Twenty years after his first Oscar nomination as a blue-eyed teen in What ’ s Eating Gilbert Grape , DiCaprio , 41 , has swept every major prize in the long Hollywood awards calendar for his role as taciturn Hugh Glass , who is left for dead in the wilderness after being mauled by a bear .
The actor carries the two-and-a-half hour film , which was shot in sub-zero temperatures over seven months , despite barely speaking after the bear rips out his character ’ s throat .
“ He ’ s really good in the film . It ’ s not like a throwaway award because of his career . I would be really stunned if he doesn ’ t win , ” said Variety reporter Tim Gray .
DiCaprio has tried for years to shake off his image as the young man who sent women swooning in the 1990s with Titanic and Romeo + Juliet , even as he partied on yachts with a string of supermodel girlfriends .
In The Revenant , the swaggering star of The Wolf of Wall Street and the smooth charmer of The Great Gatsby is barely recognizable under a greasy mane , straggly beard and frostbitten face .
Ironically , his very appearance may have boosted his Oscar prospects .
“ What ’ s in Leo ’ s favour this year is that he uglifies himself on screen . He grows a scruffy beard , he rolls in the mud , he desperately needs a bath , ” said Tom O ’ Neil , founder of awards tracker Goldderby.com .
Despite the widespread critical acclaim , DiCaprio has taken no chances , playing an unusually active part in the hand-shaking , smiling marathon that plays out in restaurants , TV studios and on red carpets during awards season .
“ He ’ s a notoriously reclusive star who is suddenly very available , ” said O ’ Neil .
It has been her London home for nearly 90 years , but the Queen may have to move out of Buckingham Palace for a year under plans to carry out £150million-worth of urgent repairs .
If she leaves , it will be the first time a monarch has been forced out since Queen Victoria designated it as an official residence in 1837 .
Surveyors called in to assess the royal residence say it needs a major top-to-toe overhaul after years of neglect .
They have suggested that the cheapest option would be to move out the sovereign and all her 426 staff in one go to so all the work can be done at once .
Royal sources on June 22 confirmed that moving the Queen and Prince Philip out of the palace is one choice being considered . They would live at Windsor Castle , their weekend home , although it is unclear how long this would be for .
The Queen currently spends around three days a week working at Buckingham Palace , spending an increasing amount of time at Windsor Castle where she conducts royal engagements with greater frequency .
Although parts of the palace suffered damage during the Second World War , even the Blitz did not force the Royal Family to move out .
Details of the plan emerged on June 22 following the publication of the Queen 's annual report into her work as head of state and accounts .
Last year she received £37.9million from taxpayers through the Sovereign Grant but because of a jump in profits from the Crown Estate from which it is taken , she will see her income rise by 6.7 per cent in 2016/17 to almost £43million .
Aides maintain that the monarchy still offers 'excellent ' value for money , costing the country 56p per person each year .
They have long complained , however , that government underfunding over more than 20 years has forced them to 'make do and mend ' , leading to a huge backlog of urgent repairs at royal residences , particularly Buckingham Palace .
Members of staff have been known to catch rain in buckets to stop priceless works of art and antiques from being destroyed by its leaky roofs .
Most of the state rooms have not been decorated since the Queen came to the throne 60 years ago , while large parts of the building are in such a state of disrepair that Princess Anne was almost hit by falling masonry a few years ago .
And the palace 's ancient electrics and plumbing systems both need a top-to-toe overhaul .
Officials are now seriously exploring the possibility that the Queen and her staff will be forced to move out , either all at once , or in stages with the work being done around them .
As well as having to hold garden parties in a different location , any major closure of the palace could force its closure to the public for at least one summer season , meaning a huge loss of income for the Royal Collection .
Independent assessors say that 40 per cent of the royal estate – which includes Windsor Castle , St James 's Palace and other residences – is in a sub-standard condition .
She runs her hand slowly down my right butt cheek , probing for crevasses with her powerful fingers .
“ I see a new job opportunity coming up for you in December , ” Bibian Arango says , as she looks carefully at my ass to prognosticate my future .
A soft , meditative tune plays in the background . I feel my cheeks relax .
“ The next couple of years are very prosperous , but you have to watch what you ’ re eating because you could have problems in your lower stomach , ” the psychic says .
Arango sees several butts each week in her Lima office , a small room packed with statuettes of Catholic Saints , magic potions and a three-foot mural of Sheeva , the Hindu God .
The Colombia-born psychic says she ’ s one of the world ’ s few experts in rumpology , a pseudo-scientific discipline that devines people ’ s futures and analyzes their personalities by studying the features of their buttocks , and feeling out the general shape of their ass .
“ Some people think it ’ s a joke , but I don ’ t really care , ” Arango says in a distinct Colombian accent . “ I predicted that Shakira was going to have babies with a soccer player…just by looking at a picture of her butt . ”
Rumpology has been most widely promoted in the states by Sylvester Stallone ’ s mother Jacqueline Stallone , a self-styled astrologist and psychic who claims that the ancient Egyptians and Greeks made imprints of their butts on papyrus , and used that to predict the future . There ’ s no archaeological evidence to support the claim that ancient civilizations read each other ’ s butts , but it ’ s fun to imagine .
In Peru , where cigars , coca leaves , and tarot cards , are commonly used to tell the future , Arango ’ s method—and personality— stand out . For the past couple years , the pink haired spiritual guru has hosted a daily segment on Peru ’ s largest TV channel , where she reads tarot cards , talks about the horoscope , and frequently does live readings of local celebrities ’ bums .
“ I have no doubt that Rumpology exists , ” Arango says back in her office , as she shows me a colorful poster of her TV show .
I asked her to give me more details of how it works , and she provided a crash course on the world ’ s main butt types .
According to Arango , the main butt types include the inverted heart [ think Kim Kardashian ] , the square looking flat butt –aka the ‘ boy ’ butt— the V-shaped butt , and the round butt .
Arango says each type reveals clues to someone ’ s personality . For example , those with a round butt tend to be optimistic but emotionally insecure , while those followed around by square butts are determined individuals who care little about what others think of them .
The psychic said that features on the right butt cheek— crevasses , stretch marks , moles or noticeable blood vessels—offer clues about the future . A short purple vessel for example , indicates an impending death in the family .
The left butt cheek talks about a person ’ s past , while the lines in the middle are supposed to provide clues about a person ’ s present .
“ This knowledge came to me naturally , ” Arango said . “ But with time you develop the ability to read these signs in more detail . ”
I decided to test Arango ’ s knowledge on butts by showing her some pictures of well-known American assess .
First up was President Obama .
“ The right part of his butt sticks out , which shows me that he is going through family problems , ” Arango said . “ There will be problems in his life , a big conflict with another country . The way he sticks his right foot out shows me that negative things could be happening , ” Arango said . “ He might fall sick and that could be big news…but by the shape of his butt , I can tell you he is a great human being . ”
We moved on , naturally , to one of America ’ s most famous butts .
“ First of all , I have to tell you that this is a fake derriere , ” Arango said , guessing that Kim Kardashian ’ s butt might have been enhanced with injections .
I implore her to continue .
“ What you have here is a classic inverted heart…these people tend to have bad luck in their love lives , and they struggle with back problems . ”
“ She might be famous but her biggest enemy is herself , ” Arango continued . “ She ’ s got a euphoric persona , but she also has to leave her ego aside . These kind of people rise like palm trees but fall like coconuts . ”
Finally I asked Arango to analyze one of this year ’ s top presidential candidates .
“ Oh my god , who did this woman marry ! ” Arango said , looking at Hillary Clinton ’ s butt . The psychic claims she didn ’ t know who the blond haired woman in the picture was , but analyzed her butt for us nevertheless .
“ That crack on her [ lower ] left butt cheek shows me that she has had problems in her marriage , ” Arango said . “ I see a lot of solitude in her , and resentment with a gentleman from her past , which she still hasn ’ t overcome . ”
On the upside Arango said Hillary had “ an important project , ” coming up . “ I see her signing papers , ” Arango said .
Presidential papers perhaps ?
“ It ’ s hard to tell , ” Arango said . “ But what I can say is that her past hasn ’ t been happy . She ’ s had to forgive her man , for a lot of things . ”
With that , I turned off my ipad , and we bade farewell .
Upon parting , Arango told me to exit her building right foot first . I made sure to do that , and as I stepped into the streets of Lima , I glanced furtively at the various butt types passing me by , learning nothing about their futures .
2008 Washington
The first G20 Leaders ’ Summit was held from 14-15 November 2008 in Washington D.C. , United States of America .
The summit focused primarily on strengthening financial regulation , with agreement on a 47-point action plan to improve financial regulation over the medium term .
2009 London
G20 leaders met on 2 April 2009 in London , United Kingdom .
The summit focused on coordinated fiscal and monetary stimulus measures with the amount of 1.1 trillion US dollars to avert the threat of global depression , agreed on additional resources for the IMF and multilateral development banks to assist countries to weather the financial crisis and to establish the Financial Stability Board .
2009 Pittsburgh
The G20 Leaders ’ Summit was held from 24-25 September 2009 in Pittsburgh , United States of America .
Leaders designated the G20 to be the premier forum for international economic cooperation , agreed to act together to support the global recovery through a Framework for Strong , Sustainable and Balanced Growth with a Mutual Assessment Process , and to reform global financial institutions , such as the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank .
2010 Toronto
The G20 Leaders ’ Summit was held from 26-27th June 2010 in Toronto , Canada .
The summit focused on the need for fiscal consolidation , with agreement that advanced G20 deficit economies would at least halve fiscal deficits by 2013 and stabilise or reduce sovereign debt ratios by 2016 , complemented by ongoing structural reform across all G20 members to rebalance and strengthen global growth .
Leaders also agreed to conclude work in the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision on a new global regime for bank capital and liquidity by the Seoul G20 Summit and reiterated support for a successful conclusion to the Doha Round , welcomed the fulfillment of their commitment to provide a US $ 350 billion increase in capital to multilateral development banks and associated institutional reforms . |
2010 Seoul
The G20 Leaders ’ Summit was held from 10-11 November 2010 in Seoul，Republic of Korea .
G20 leaders agreed to develop guidelines for addressing large current account imbalances under the Framework for Strong , Sustainable and Balanced Growth , delivered on International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) quota and governance reform and initiated the G20 development agenda and launched the Seoul Development Consensus for Shared Growth .
2011 Cannes
The G20 Leaders ’ Summit was held from 3-4 November 2011 in Cannes , France .
Key outcomes of the summit are including the development of a country-specific Cannes Action Plan for Growth and Jobs , agreement to strengthen the World Trade Organization by considering additional and parallel international trade negotiations beyond the Doha Round mandate and the adoption of an action plan to support the development and deepening of local bond markets .
2012 Los Cabos
The G20 Leaders ’ Summit was held from 18-19 June 2012 in Los Cabos , Mexico .
Key outcomes of the summit are including the establishment of country-specific measures each G20 member would take to strengthen demand , growth , confidence and financial stability under the Los Cabos Growth and Jobs Action Plan , reaffirmation of G20 member pledges to increase International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) resources by US $ 456 billion and to implement the 2010 IMF quota and governance reforms and progress on the G20 development agenda , particularly on food security , financial inclusion , sustainable development and inclusive green growth .
2013 St Petersburg
The G20 Leaders ’ Summit was held from 5-6 September 2013 in St Petersburg , Russia .
Key outcomes of the summit are including the St Petersburg Action Plan , which sets out reforms for achieving strong , sustainable and balanced growth , coupled with an Accountability Assessment describing progress made on past commitments , extending the G20 ’ s and a reaffirmed commitment to implementation of agreed financial regulatory reforms and International Monetary Fund reform .
2014 Brisbane
The G20 Leaders ’ Summit was held on 15-16 November 2014 in Brisbane , Australia .
The centrepiece was the delivery of country-specific growth strategies and a Brisbane Action Plan for growth . G20 leaders set an goal to lift the G20 's GDP by at least additional two percent by 2018 . Other outcomes from the Brisbane Leaders ’ Summit include :
Endorsement of landmark G20 Principles on Energy Collaboration . Leaders also agreed a G20 Energy Efficiency Action Plan to deepen their collaboration on energy efficiency .
Leaders noted their deep concern about the humanitarian and economic impacts of Ebola and issued a standalone statement of the G20 ’ s commitment to fight the current outbreak and support the international response .
Mandopop singer Jay Chou is officially a dad .
It 's been reported that his model wife , Hannah Quinlivan , gave birth to a baby girl on Sunday .
However , some relatives of Jay Chou told media that the girl was born on Friday .
Details about the new baby , including a name , have n't been revealed .
Jay Chou and Hannah Quinlivan registered their marriage last July and had three spectacular wedding ceremonies in Britain , Australia and Taiwan this January .
The musician currently serves as a coach in the fourth season of reality talent show `` The Voice of China '' .
Brad Pitt is now 'furious ' at Angelina Jolie for filing for divorce , a move he says could put their kids at risk .
Sources close to Pitt told TMZ that the actor is angry at Jolie for allegedly spinning stories about him being a potential risk to their kids because of anger issues and substance abuse .
Pitt reportedly said Jolie 'unleashed hell ' because the entire family has become targets for the paparazzi .
Over the last few days , Pitt has had conversations with Jolie pleading for her to handle the divorce 'like adults ' , sources told the site .
Pitt said he wanted to keep the divorce under wraps for the benefit of their children , but instead , he says , Jolie has painted him as a risky dad and asked for sole physical custody .
The Hollywood stars ' home is now surrounded by photographers , while the Los Angeles Police Department patrols regularly because of the media frenzy .
Jolie filed for divorce from Pitt for 'the health of her family ' , two years after the couple wed at their French estate Chateau Miraval .
The actress filed papers on Monday citing irreconcilable differences as the reason for the split and asking for physical custody of the couple 's six children - Maddox , age 15 ; Pax , aged 12 ; Zahara , aged 11 ; Shiloh , aged 10 ; and twins Vivienne and Knox , aged eight .
A source close to the couple told TMZ that Jolie , 41 , made the decision to file because of the way 'Brad was parenting the children , ' adding that 'she was extremely upset with his methods . ' That same source claims Jolie became 'fed up ' with Pitt 's consumption of 'weed and possibly alcohol ' mixed with his 'anger problem . '
The pair began dating in early 2005 after they met on the set of Mr. and Mrs. Smith .
Page Six is reporting however that it was after Jolie learned through a private eye that Pitt was cheating on her with Marion Cotillard on the set of their new film Allied that she made the decision to split from the actor .
But a source close to the couple claims that the actress was so jealous of Cotillard that she refused to speak with the French star after meeting her on the set of the film Allied .
The source also said that rumors of an affair between Pitt and Cotillard are '100 percent false , ' and that Pitt 's main concern at this time is his children .
Jolie , who is being repped by Laura Wasser , is not asking for spousal support in the divorce . Wasser most recently represented Johnny Depp in his divorce from Amber Heard .
People spoke with a source who claims that fighting between the two got so bad at times over the past year that Pitt would flee to France .
As for the discipline issue , the source said : 'Brad has always been stricter . He has wanted the kids to have more structure . Brad will get frustrated sometimes and yell at the kids . Angelina always had a more relaxed attitude when it came to the kids . She definitely never yells . '
The friend said it wasn ’ t long after the couple tied the knot in 2014 that cracks began to show in their 12-year-long relationship .
‘ When Angelina underwent her mastectomy in 2013 , her health and life in general became a priority for her , ’ added the source .
‘ Her views on life changed . Suddenly she saw herself walking in her late mother ’ s shoes - and she was no longer that wild , fun loving woman she used to be , she was taking things a lot more seriously .
Angelina wasn ’ t really interested in doing any project that took her away from the children and home , but Brad was still wanting the wanderlust , adventure-filled life that first attracted him to her . ’
The friend said that the underlying reasons behind the Pitt-Jolie split are the same that caused him to divorce Jennifer Aniston — ‘ he was bored stiff with the sedate , quiet lifestyle they were leading .
Young Americans are so dissatisfied with their choices in this presidential election that nearly one in four told an opinion poll they would rather have a giant meteor destroy the Earth than see Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton in the White House .
The tongue-in-cheek question was intended to gauge young Americans ' level of unhappiness about their choices in the Nov. 8 election , said Joshua Dyck , co-director of UMass Lowell 's Center for Public Opinion , which conducted the poll alongside Odyssey Millennials .
The choice alluded to the Twitter hashtag `` # GiantMeteor2016 , '' a reference to an imaginary presidential candidate used to express frustration about this year 's election choices .
Some 53 percent of the 1,247 people aged 18 to 35 said they would prefer to see a meteor destroy the world than have Republican New York real estate developer Trump in the Oval Office , with some 34 percent preferring planetary annihilation to seeing the Democratic former Secretary of State win .
Some 39 percent said they would prefer that US President Barack Obama declare himself president for life than hand over power to Clinton or Trump , with 26 percent saying the nation would do better to select its next leader in a random lottery .
Some 23 percent , nearly one in four , preferred the giant meteor outcome to either Trump or Clinton .
`` Obviously we do n't think that they 're serious , '' Dyck said in a phone interview on Tuesday . `` The fact that one in four of our young people pick 'Giant Meteor ' tells you something about the political disaffection that is being shown by American youth . ''
That contrasts with the surge of participation by young voters that helped propel Obama into the White House for his first term in the 2008 election .
When asked to choose between the actual candidates , Clinton easily led Trump with 54 percent of respondents to 21 percent in a two-way race .
In a four-way race also including Libertarian Gary Johnson and Green Party candidate Jill Stein , Clinton led with 48 percent support , to Trump 's 20 percent , Johnson 's 10 percent and Stein 's 4 percent .
In national polls surveying the whole population , Clinton is leading Trump , but not by nearly as much .
The poll , conducted Oct. 10-13 , intentionally included a large number of people seen as unlikely to vote , with just 680 described as likely voters . It had a margin of error of 3.2 percent .
It can be fairly easy to spot a male otaku due to his apparel , mobile gaming device and anime theme songs blasting from his headphones . But what about the ladies ? How can they display their affection for their otaku fandom , while still being fashionable ? With ridiculously buttoned up itabags !
Just like the decorated anime cars known as “ itasha ” , which contains the prefix “ ita ” meaning “ painful , itabags aren ’ t very different , except of course instead of being painful cars , they ’ re painful bags .
The anime bag trend or “ 痛バッグ ” trend has been around for quite some time , but as Kotaku reports , the itabag fashion has recently begun to receive national attention in Japan , which has inspired more female otakus to throw money at anime merchandise for their purses and bags .
The mostly youthful crowd that rock these bright bags describe the fashion trend as a very simple one . Female otakus state that Itabags allow them to express their favorite anime/manga characters where everyone can see it .
Many itabags do tend to focus on one particular character that the owner obsesses over , which sometimes consists of one bag with the same freaking button one hundred times or so .
But as cheap as itabags may appear , it can be a surprisingly expensive hobby . Some of the buttons that these girls are using are purchased from basic anime stores or online for a fair price , especially the ones who just own the same button over and over . But some of these painful bags contain buttons , plushies and keychains only found at promotional events with limited quantities , which were purchased with some serious yen .
One particular woman spent 80,00 yen ( $ 664 USD ) on her horrendously beautiful itabag , while others managed to get by with only less than 10,000 yen !
How do you feel about plastering your favorite bag with anime buttons and keychains ?
Leading artificial intelligence expert David Levy recently said that he expects human-robot marriages to become commonplace by 2050 , and the recently revealed romantic relationship between a French woman and a robot she 3D-printed herself seems to confirm the beginning of this trend .
The first time I saw this story circulating online , I was almost convinced it was just a prank , not because it seems impossible to believe , but because the media tends to blow things out of proportion to attracts as many eyes as possible . However , this one appears to be legit . The woman in question , known only as Lilly , or by her Twitter handle @ LillyInMoovator , describes herself as a “ proud robosexual ” and told News.com.au via email that she is attracted only to robots and actually dislikes physical contact with human flesh .
Lilly claims that she loved the voices of robots as a child , but it was at the age of 19 that she discovered she was actually attracted to them as well . Her relationships with real men only seemed to confirm this . “ I ’ m really and only attracted by the robots , ” the woman says . “ My only two relationships with men have confirmed my love orientation , because I dislike really physical contact with human flesh
But , up until a few years , actually having a robot to fall in love with was nearly impossible for a regular person . Then 3d-printing happened , and everyone could create virtually anything . Lilly seized this opportunity to create her own robot , using open-source technology from a French company . That ’ s how her robotic partner InMoovator came to be . The two are now reportedly “ engaged , and Lilly says they will be married as soon as such a union become legal in France .
“ I ’ m really and totally happy , ” @ LillyInMoovator says . “ Our relationship will get better and better as technology evolves . ”
She adds that her unusual romantic relationship has been accepted by family and friends , but that “ some understand better than others . ”
“ I ’ m a proud robosexual , we don ’ t hurt anybody , we are just happy , ” Lilly ’ s Twitter profile reads . “ It is not ridiculous , bad or pathology , it ’ s just a new love direction , a new lifestyle. ” Despite her peaceful attitude , Lilly has become the target of cyberbullying after her story went viral in international media . Things apparently got so bad that she had to make her Twitter profile private . That ’ s sad , as she said , she really isn ’ t hurting anybody , so people should mind their own business .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expecting their third child , Kensington Palace has announced .
The Queen and both families are said to be `` delighted with the news '' .
As with her previous two pregnancies , the duchess , 35 , is suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum , or severe morning sickness .
She pulled out of an engagement at the Hornsey Road Children 's Centre in London , which had been planned for Monday afternoon .
Catherine is being cared for at Kensington Palace , the statement said .
The duke and duchess have a son , George , who is four , and a daughter , Charlotte , aged two .
With the previous two pregnancies , the couple announced them before the 12-week mark - when most women have their first scan - because of the duchess being unwell with hyperemesis gravidarum .
Her first pregnancy was revealed when she was just a few weeks pregnant with Prince George after she was admitted to hospital in December 2012 .
The duchess 's second pregnancy with Princess Charlotte was announced in September 2014 , when she was treated at the palace for the condition .
Hyperemesis gravidarum affects about one in every 200 pregnancies and results in severe nausea and vomiting - with one of the main dangers being dehydration .
The BBC 's royal correspondent Nicholas Witchell said the announcement comes at the start of a `` significant week '' for the family `` because Prince George is due to start at big school . ''
`` Presumably his mother would be keen to take him to that , [ but ] whether she is going to be well enough to do that remains to be seen , '' he told BBC News .
`` It had also been expected that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge would be taking a foreign trip this autumn , '' he added .
`` Whether they will be able to do that or whether the duchess will be well enough to do that also remains to be seen . ''
The expected child will become the fifth in line to the throne behind Prince Charles , Prince William , Prince George and Princess Charlotte .
A change - which stops royal sons taking precedence over their female siblings in the line of succession - came into force in March 2015 .
The child will be the Queen 's sixth great-grandchild .
Arriving in Manchester for a royal visit , Prince Harry - who will drop to sixth in line to the throne when the child is born - said the news was `` fantastic '' and he was `` very , very happy '' .
Clarence House has tweeted on behalf of the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall to say they are `` delighted '' .
Prime Minister Theresa May has tweeted her congratulations to the couple , calling it `` fantastic news '' .
Should foreign residents have to know how to recycle waste oil before they can apply for citizenship ? Are people who shop at local corner shops more deserving citizens than those who frequent supermarkets ? And what kind of sport is `` hornussing '' ?
These are just some of the questions Switzerland is puzzling over after a 25-year-old failed the notoriously tough Swiss citizenship requirements – even though she has lived in the country all her life , speaks fluently in the local dialect and had passed the written part of the exam with full marks .
Funda Yilmaz , who was born in Switzerland to Turkish parents and works as a draughtswoman in the town of Aarau , applied for citizenship after her Swiss fiancee had suggested that she should take a more active part in the referendums that make up the country 's unusual mix of direct and representative democracy .
`` I was born here . I do n't know any other life , '' she told a panel of six examiners at the interview which follows the written test . `` I do n't have plans to emigrate either . ''
Yet after two rounds of interviews and more than 100 questions , a jury of local councilors from the municipality of Buchs rejected Yilmaz 's application by 20 votes to 12 , reasoning that she `` lives in a small world and shows no interest in entering a dialogue with Switzerland and its population '' – a verdict many have questioned after weekly news magazine Schweizer Illustrierte published a transcript of the interview .
The jury criticized Yilmaz for displaying `` gaps '' in her knowledge of the municipal recycling system and for not being able to name any local shops other than chain supermarkets such as Aldi .
Another complaint centred around her unfamiliarity with `` typical Swiss sports '' , such as Hornussen , an indigenous cross between baseball and golf , or Schwingen , a style of folk wrestling . Yilmaz had named skiing as a typical Swiss sport . `` One could have a very long debate about what is typical and traditional , '' she wrote in a letter complaining about her rejection .
Other questions chosen by the jury included `` Do you like hiking ? `` , `` Would you rather visit Geneva or the region around Lake Geneva ? '' and `` What kind of fitness training do you do ? ''
Since the case emerged , there have been several calls for a reform of the naturalization process , which is decided by municipal juries comprised of local residents rather than a centralized agency . `` The arbitrary nature of the official process has rarely been so visibly on display , '' wrote the Tagesanzeiger newspaper . In February , Switzerland voted to make it easier for third-generation immigrants to become citizens , rejecting the complaints of rightwing politicians that the proposed measures would pose a security risk . Until now , a fast-track route to citizenship has been open only to foreigners who had been married to Swiss citizens for more than six years , including those who have never lived in the country .
At first glance Esther Okade seems like a normal 10-year-old . She loves dressing up as Elsa from `` Frozen , '' playing with Barbie dolls and going to the park or shopping .
But what makes the British-Nigerian youngster stand out is the fact that she 's also a university undergraduate .
Esther , from Walsall , an industrial town in the UK 's West Midlands region , is one of the country 's youngest college freshmen .
The talented 10-year-old enrolled at the Open University , a UK-based distance learning college , in January and is already top of the class , having recently scored 100 % in a recent exam .
`` It 's so interesting . It has the type of maths I love . It 's real maths -- theories , complex numbers , all that type of stuff , '' she giggles . `` It was super easy . My mum taught me in a nice way . ''
She adds : `` I want to ( finish the course ) in two years . Then I 'm going to do my PhD in financial maths when I 'm 13 . I want to have my own bank by the time I 'm 15 because I like numbers and I like people and banking is a great way to help people . ''
And in case people think her parents have pushed her into starting university early , Esther emphatically disagrees .
`` I actually wanted to start when I was seven . But my mum was like , `` you 're too young , calm down . '' After three years of begging , mother Efe finally agreed to explore the idea .
Esther has always jumped ahead of her peers . She sat her first Math GSCE exam , a British high school qualification , at Ounsdale School in Wolverhampton at just six , where she received a C-grade . A year later , she outdid herself and got the A-grade she wanted . Then last year she scored a B-grade when she sat the Math A-level exam .
Esther 's mother noticed her daughter 's flair for figures shortly after she began homeschooling her at the age of three . Initially , Esther 's parents had enrolled her in a private school but after a few short weeks , the pair began noticing changes in the usually-vibrant youngster .
Efe says : `` One day we were coming back home and she burst out in tears and she said 'I do n't ever want to go back to that school -- they do n't even let me talk ! '
`` In theUK , you do n't have to start school until you are five . Education is not compulsory until that age so I thought OK , we 'll be doing little things at home until then . Maybe by the time she 's five she will change her mind . ''
Efe started by teaching basic number skills but Esther was miles ahead . By four , her natural aptitude for maths had seen the eager student move on to algebra and quadratic equations .
And Esther is n't the only maths prodigy in the family . Her younger brother Isaiah , 6 , will soon be sitting his first A-level exam in June .
When no single party can get enough MPs to form a majority on its own in a general election , parliament is said to be `` hung '' . This happened at the 2010 election . The leader of the party with the most seats is given the opportunity to try to form a government . This can take two forms : a formal coalition with other parties or a more informal arrangement , known as “ confidence and supply ” , in which the smaller parties agree to support the main legislation .
The UK looks set to have a hung parliament with the Conservatives as the largest party , with most general election results now in .
It means Theresa May faces the humiliation of ending with fewer seats than when she called the election .
The Tories are projected to get 318 seats , Labour 261 and the SNP 35 .
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn called on Mrs May to resign - but she said the country needed stability and her party would `` ensure '' it was maintained .
Labour looks set to make 29 gains with the Tories losing 13 seats - and the SNP down by 22 seats in a bad night for Nicola Sturgeon , with her party losing seats to the Tories , Labour and Lib Dems .
UKIP 's vote slumped dramatically but rather than moving en masse to the Tories , as they had expected , their voters also switched to Labour .
Mr Corbyn , speaking after being re-elected in Islington North , said it was time for Mrs May to `` make way '' for a government that would be `` truly representative of the people of this country '' .
He said he was `` very proud '' of the results so far , which he said were a `` vote for hope for the future '' and said people were `` turning their backs on austerity '' .
The Conservatives have said that in the event of a hung Parliament , Mrs May would get the opportunity to form a government first .
Speaking at her count in Maidenhead , Theresa May said the full picture had yet to emerge , but added : `` At this time more than anything else , this country needs a period of stability .
`` And if , as the indications have shown and if this is correct that the Conservative Party has won the most seats and probably the most votes , then it will be incumbent on us to ensure we have that period of stability - and that is exactly what we will do . ''
Speaking on ITV , George Osborne , who was sacked as chancellor last year by Mrs May , said : `` Theresa May is probably going to be one of the shortest serving prime ministers in our history . ''
He added : `` Hard Brexit went in the rubbish bin tonight . ''
DUP MP Simon Hamilton said his party 's votes were going to be `` incredibly important '' in the new Parliament and they would push to get `` a good deal for Northern Ireland as we leave the European Union '' .
Dreaded trips to see your dentist could be replaced with a vaccine to prevent tooth decay in the future , researchers predict .
The jab , developed by Chinese scientists , offers a dose of proteins that are effective at removing build-ups of plaque responsible for cavities .
Early trials show it to be 64 percent effective - meaning people would still have to brush their teeth twice a day to avoid a trip to the dentist 's chair .
It offers hope of a 'fantastic ' answer for preventing or even reversing cavities , which strike a third of adults , according to figures .
The researchers said the vaccine would be welcomed in Western countries , where teeth-rotting sugar is consumed heavily .
But the team at the Wuhan Institute of Virology said the jab is several years away from undergoing clinical tests . However , experts are excited .
Dr Richard Marques , a Harley Street dentist , told MailOnline : 'This sounds like a fantastic development in dentistry .
'Preventing tooth decay through vaccination would totally change the dental situation of many children and adults around the world .
'Dental decay is such a problem and a drain on healthcare resources so this has the potential to transform dental healthcare . '
It works by using proteins from the bacteria Streptococcus mutans ( S. mutans ) - which is the main cause of dental cavities .
They are then fused together with proteins derived from strains of E. coli bacteria , Science Alert reports .
Previous studies had shown this combination to be effective in protecting against cavities , but produced unwanted side effects .
The new vaccine is fused together with a third protein , derived from flagella proteins - cells that help the combination to move around .
The prototype vaccine , which produced fewer side effects , was administered as a nasal spray in laboratory tests on rodents .
Writing in the journal Scientific Reports , the researchers found it offered a similar amount of the protection as the initial vaccine .
The vaccine had a 64.2 percent prophylactic efficacy . It also reversed tooth decay by 53.9 percent , the researchers noted .
Dr Nigel Carter , chief executive of the Oral Health Foundation , said : 'Any realistic scientific development which could help reduce the impact of tooth decay is welcome .
'This study shows initial promise , however , there may be a substantial wait , involving clinical trials before anything can be rolled out at a patient level . '
We all know sleep matters for job performance . After a week of vacation , you may find your work better than ever . But rack up a week of sleepless nights - say , following a polarizing presidential election - and you may find yourself struggling .
It would n't surprise anyone that sleep affects attention , memory and cognition - important factors in the workplace . But striking new research suggests the effect of additional sleep has a high monetary value . A paper - from Matthew Gibson of Williams College and Jeffrey Shrader of the University of California at San Diego , based on data from Jawbone , the fitness- and sleep-tracker company - says that additional time sleeping can translate into thousands of dollars in wages .
In fact , they calculate that a one-hour increase in weekly sleep raises wages by about half as much as an additional year of education .
Now , the story is not so simple . Do n't think you can start to sleep more and you will instantly make more money . It 's more about the subtle interplay between how people schedule their lives , how much time they have available to sleep and how that affects worker performance and , ultimately , earnings .
To investigate how sleep affects worker wages , the researchers took advantage of a kind of natural experiment - sunset times across American time zones . Past research shows that people naturally end up sleeping longer when the sun sets earlier , for example in the winter , even if the person goes to bed well after dark . When the sun sets an hour later , it reduces nighttime sleep by roughly 20 minutes per week .
Within a single time zone , the time of sunset varies substantially , as the map below shows . For example , the sun sets about an hour and a half earlier in Mars Hill , Maine , than in Ontonagon , Mich. , even though both are in the Eastern time zone . Because there should n't be any significant differences in workers on the eastern or western edge of a time zone beyond the amount of time they sleep , researchers use this variation to calculate how much sleep influences wages .
They find that a one-hour increase in average weekly sleep in a location increases wages by 1.3 percent in the short run , which include changes of less than a year , and 5 percent in the long run . By moving to a location where a sunset is one hour earlier , a worker will make an additional $ 1,570 a year .
Those differences in wages end up being incorporated into the local economy . The researchers find that higher wages actually translate into higher home values as well . A county that experiences a sunset one hour earlier has on average a 6 percent higher median home value , about $ 7,900 to $ 8,800 dollars , they say .
Not all of these wage differences are due directly to sleep , the researchers caution . Some could be due to the cumulative influence of other people . If the workers around you are made slightly more productive by sleeping better , that could make your work more productive , too .
The findings suggest that sleep is a crucial determinant of productivity and wages , `` rivaling ability and human capital in importance , '' the researchers write .
Given the huge benefit that more sleep can bring , we should certainly pay more attention to ensuring that workers sleep more , they say .
Despite being among the wealthiest athletes in the world , Wimbledon 's biggest names all clamour over the same must-have freebie at Wimbledon : the tournament towel .
At least 4,000 towels go missing each year as players - including the likes of Andy Murray , Novak Djokovic and Serena Williams - stash away as many as they can fit in their holdalls .
However , this year the All England Club has come up with a new ploy to put off younger players from joining the craze - by offering them plain white towels , instead of the senior players ' brightly-coloured versions .
George Spring , Wimbledon 's Court Attending Manager , told how he has come to expect that the club will only get back three quarters of the 6,000 towels they produce for the tournament each year .
He said : `` The juniors for many years I believe were having a competition to see how many they can get . But our policy now is that if they do ask for another towel we will give them a white towel and they soon do n't ask for another when that happens .
`` We are trying to break in the next generation of towel connoisseurs . ''
The biggest towel fiend of all is Serena , Mr Spring , now on his 16th championship , added . `` Serena is a legend as far as towels go and she would have to buy a second house ... The towel thing has always been a little bit kept in secrecy . ''
He said there was no limit on how many towels a player could ask for and that both the Williams sisters had `` a reputation '' when it came to walking away with towels .
`` Imagine Serena Williams , if the chair umpire said Serena , that 's your limit , that would make headlines . ''
The players make no secret of their appetite for the towels .
Murray said on Saturday that he picked up towels for his wife and friends , adding : `` I got one for her in the first round . Gave one to my physio . ''
`` I normally take one each day and give it to someone on my team . I do n't keep them . But my wife likes them . I think they 're quite good quality towels . ''
Meanwhile , Djokovic said : “ I kind of plan in advance space in half of a bag or an entire new bag for the towels that I take from Wimbledon . ''
Serena 's sister Venus also admitted : `` Well , I 've got a lot at home . Got some since '97 . Got some men 's towels , too . You can do a barter program , trade 'em up . Black market on towels . ''
Mr Spring , now on his 16th championship , said that some players were taking as many as eight towels a game and although in the past it may have been frowned upon this means they now `` go all around the world to advertise this wonderful tournament '' .
The towels that are not taken are laundered and sold to charity .
He is literature ’ s most eligible bachelor : handsome , wealthy , and the inspiration for countless romantic spin-offs in the last 200 years .
Fans of the brooding Mr Darcy , then , may wish to look away now .
For leading academics have researched how Mr Darcy was likely to really have looked , and the results are a far cry from the tall , dark and handsome leading man fans may have imagined .
In fact , a real-life Mr Darcy of his day was more likely to have a long nose , pointed chin , powdered white hair and pale complexion , according to historians .
The team , led by Professor John Sutherland , have now unveiled what they claim to be the `` first historically accurate portrait '' of Mr Darcy .
They did so by looking into the `` scraps '' of description that writer Jane Austen provided for her famous character , portrayed in countless TV adaptations of Pride And Prejudice .
Austen 's relationships and the men who may have inspired her character and the socio-economic , cultural and lifestyle factors of the time were also factored in by the experts .
Her romances have been well-documented over the centuries with possible influences including the 1st Earl of Morley John Parker and Thomas Lefroy .
Both men sported powdered hair and had long youthful faces with pale complexions .
Other noblemen at the time , including Horatio Nelson , Leveson Gower and Arthur Wellesley , 1st Duke of Wellington , all also had similar features and were considered the pin-ups and sex symbols of their time .
The team subsequently concluded that , unlike Colin Firth and Matthew Macfadyen 's depictions of Mr Darcy , he would have had slender , sloping shoulders and a modestly-sized chest . A muscular chest and broad shoulders would have been the sign of a labourer , not a gentleman , at the time .
His powdered mid-length white hair , meanwhile , would frame a long oval face and small mouth , a long nose , a pointy chin and a pale complexion .
Large thighs and calves completed the look , while , at around 5ft 11in , the fictional character was slightly smaller than the stars who have played him .
Presenter Amanda Vickery , Professor of Early Modern History at Queen Mary University of London , who also worked on the research , said : `` As Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice in the 1790s , our Mr Darcy portrayal reflects the male physique and common features at the time .
`` Men sported powdered hair , had narrow jaws and muscular , defined legs were considered very attractive .
`` A stark contrast to the chiselled , dark Colin Firth portrayal we associate the character with today . ''
Do you ever think that it 's kinda crazy that we can order pizza from our cellphones and yet no one can figure out how to stop ( or at least slow ) the inevitable march towards death ? Well , you 're not alone .
Science has been trying to figure out this whole aging thing for a long time now , and a new development just could be one of those watershed moments in history .
According to the New Zealand Herald , a new anti-aging drug is going to be tested on human subjects starting next year . The potential result of this could mean that we , human beings , could extend our life spans to 120 years of age and be in good health to the very end .
The drug in question is a widely used diabetes pill called Metformin and costs mere cents to make . Metformin helps to increase oxygen flow on the cellular level , thereby slowing the necessary cell divisions that keep our bodies both functioning correctly but ultimately lead to aging .
Belgian researchers have tested the drug on roundworms , and have had positive results so the next step is to do a human trial .
`` I have been doing research into aging for 25 years and the idea that we would be talking about a clinical trial in humans for an anti-aging drug would have been thought inconceivable , '' says aging expert Professor Gordon Lithgow .
`` But there is every reason to believe it 's possible . The future is taking the biology that we 've now developed and applying it to humans . ''
Let 's just hope that cosmetic surgery can keep apace of these new developments .
Most singles have deal breakers when evaluating whether or not someone is their future Mr. or Mrs . Right .
Researchers have now complied a list of the top deal breakers in order to determine what effects age and gender have on deciding which qualities are seen as deal breakers for different people .
They found that women have more deal breakers than men , but there were more similarities than differences between the sexes when asked to list what they deemed as a turnoff .
The list includes : unattractiveness , unhealthy lifestyle , undesirable personality traits , differing religious beliefs , limited social status , differing mating strategies and differing relationship goals .
The team also found that even though singles look for positive traits when evaluating a mate , they tend to subconsciously sniff out undesirable ones because of their deal breakers .
The studies examined for creating the top seven deal breakers revealed that those who believe they are a good catch have more deal breakers and everyone has their own list if they are looking for a serious , long-term relationship , reports The Wall Street Journal .
In one of the studies , 5,541 singles were given a list 17 negative personality traits and asked if they viewed each one as a deal breaker for a long-term relationship .
The top deal breakers for both women and men were 'disheveled ' or 'unclean , ' followed by 'lazy ' and 'too needy ' .
Women see 'lacks sense of humor ' a very serious negative trait and wo n't even peruse the relationship , mainly because humor has been linked to intelligence .
A separate study , found that men prefer not to date women who are smarter than they are and that 'low sex drive ' and talks too much ' are among their biggest deal breakers .
Another study asked 92 participants to list their biggest deal breakers when looking for both long-term and short-term partners , which produced extremely different results .
In long-term partners the top deal breakers were 'anger issues ' , 'is dating multiple partners ' and 'dishonesty ' .
For short-term relationships , participants ranked 'has health issues , such as STDs , ' 'smells bad ' and 'has poor hygiene ' at the top .
The White House released its official photograph of first lady Melania Trump , where she displays the diamond ring President Donald Trump bought her for their 10th anniversary .
The image shows the first lady standing inside the White House residence , wearing a black jacket and black scarf .
`` I am honoured to serve in the role of First Lady , and look forward to working on behalf of the American people over the coming years , '' Mrs Trump said .
Former Comedy Central `` The Nightly Show '' writer Sasha Stewart wrote on Twitter , `` Anyone know why Melania Trump 's portrait was taken in front of the Muppet Babies window ? ''
Photographs like these matter , says Prof Cara A Finnegan from the communications department at the University of Illinois , because they can tell you how a person in power views themselves .
`` Images of presidents are important because presidents think images of themselves are important , '' she says .
`` Our expectations for these kinds of images are pretty high , '' she says .
`` In some ways they ( the White House ) are doing what they can do with what they have , which is someone who is a model , who built a business on her fame and the way that she looks , '' says Prof Finnegan .
`` The abstractness of that background , where she 's vaguely in the White House but you ca n't really tell , that to me mirrors her own situation .
For Prof Nicole Dahmen from the University of Oregon 's School of Journalism and Communication , `` Melania Trump 's first official portrait embodies the excessive wealth and reality star celebrity of the Trump White House '' .
She believes this photograph moves the administration `` even further from the truth and substance of middle America '' .
`` The obvious airbrushing in the photo can also be seen as a parallel to the Trump administration 's use of lies and 'alternative facts ' , '' says Prof Dahmen .
`` The portrait is a construction of reality - not actual reality . ''
The use of photo software also raises some issues for Prof Finnegan .
`` As a woman and as a feminist , I 'm not excited about the norms of beauty that any of these sorts of images communicate , especially to young women and girls , '' she says .
`` Anxiety about airbrushing and the inevitable link to fake news , I get less worked up about because photography historically has always been involved in debates about what 's real and what 's fake .
`` If the argument is , 'Look how fake the Trumps are compared to the Obamas , because the Obamas photographs were so authentic , ' that 's where I get uncomfortable because there are ways to select and frame images , regardless of whether you airbrush them , that can be very inauthentic . ''
1 . Barack Obama banned oil and gas drilling in the Arctic
He might be on his way out of the White House , but Obama is showing no signs of slowing down .
On 20 December , Obama used a 1953 law to permanently ban new oil and gas drilling in most of the US-owned Arctic and Atlantic oceans in an attempt to protect the environment from his successor .
The WWF say that this decision will make it considerably more difficult for Donald Trump to take advantage of US Arctic oil reserves , which is a victory by anyone 's standards .
2 . Columbia signed a historic peace deal with the Farc Columbias
President Juan Manuel Santos and Farc rebel leader Rodrigo Londono signed a peace deal putting an end to more than 50 years of war .
Santos was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for his work on the agreement , which was initially rejected in a referendum in which 50.2 percent voted against the deal .
3 . Planet Earth II filmmakers saved all the lost baby turtles they filmed
David Attenborough has been outspoken in his defence of not interfering with nature , but when Planet Earth II viewers saw thousands of baby turtles become confused because of man-made lights and start hurtling towards the dangers of the city , they could n't help but intervene .
As we collectively mourned the loss of so many tiny lives , BBC Earth tweeted :
Every turtle that was seen or filmed by the # PlanetEarth2 crew was collected and put back into the sea .
Cue a sigh of warm , fuzzy relief .
4 . Leicester City won the Premier League at 5000/1 odds
This is what fairytales are made of .
To put the astonishing win into perspective , bookies thought it was more likely that Elvis would be found alive and well and Simon Cowell would become Prime Minister .
Even those who would n't normally call themselves football fans found themselves screaming at the TV for the boys in blue .
5 . A terminally ill boy received 28,000 Christmas cards from the public
In what could be the most heart-warming story of all time , Bradley Lowery , a five-year-old with terminal cancer has been sent thousands of cards and gifts from all over the world .
Following a show-stopping appearance with his favourite football team , Sunderland , at the Stadium of Light , an online appeal was set up to shower Bradley with cards to make his Christmas extra special .
6 . Tim Peake ran a marathon in space
Tim Peake rocketing off to the International Space Station and running a marathon via live stream to coincide with the London Marathon was a brilliantly heart-warming event .
Peake ran the 26.2 mile course strapped to a treadmill in three hours , 35 minutes and 21 seconds , watching the roads pass under his feet in real time on an iPad .
7 . The UN appointed the first independent expert on LGBT rights
In the wake of the nightclub shooting in Orlando , the UN appointed the first ever independent investigator to help protect LGBTI people from violence and discrimination worldwide .
Vitit Muntarbhorn , an international law professor , started his three-year mandate in September .
8 . An Indian businessman spent his daughters marriage budget on 90 houses for the homeless and she was delighted
Ajay Munot , a wealthy cloth and wheat trader from Aurangabad in eastern India , spent his daughters whopping￡93,000 budget constructing 90 houses to help the regions poor .
His eligibility criteria simply stated that the new residents must be poor , live in a slum and not suffer from addiction .
Munot 's daughter fully supported his decision , and she and her new husband reportedly handed over the keys to the new homeowners after their wedding .
9 . Paris sold off the love locks on their bridges to raise money for refugees
Millions of the padlocks that couples emblazon with their initials and attach to the Pont des Arts were removed last year for safety reasons .
Now they 're being sold to the public in bunches , in a move that deputy mayor Bruno Julliard believes could raise €100,000 for refugees in need of shelter .
10 . Lionel Messi met the Afghan boy who fashioned his idols football strip from a plastic bag
The five-year-old boy who became an internet sensation after he was snapped wearing a Messi shirt made out of a carrier bag finally came face-to-face with his hero as he walked out on to the pitch by his side .
Murtaza Ahmadi from Afghanistan ca n't take his eyes off Messi in the video that is guaranteed to warm the cockles of your hard .
See ?
It was n't so bad after all .
After an award-winning take on the OJ Simpson trial , a future season is rumored to revolve around Bill Clinton 's affair with a staffer .
American Crime Story is set to revolve around the Monica Lewinsky sex scandal in a future season .
According to the Hollywood Reporter , show-runner Ryan Murphy has obtained the rights to Jeffrey Toobin 's book A Vast Conspiracy : The Real Sex Scandal That Nearly Brought Down a President with an eye to turn it into a future season .
The first season of the anthology drama centered around the OJ Simpson trial picked up many awards , including an Emmy for outstanding limited series .
Murphy is reportedly setting up meetings with actors to play Lewinsky , the former White House staffer who had an affair with then US president Bill Clinton , and Linda Tripp , her colleague , recorded many of the damning conversations she had with Lewinsky .
If it does come together , it would follow on from two seasons of the show that have already been confirmed . Next up , Murphy will cover the fallout from Hurricane Katrina , and a subsequent season will be focused on the murder of Gianni Versace . Production on both seasons is already under way .
Murphy is also set to premiere his new show Feud , which will take on a famous rift in each season . The first will focus on Bette Davis and Joan Crawford .
Mr. Speaker , Mr. Vice President , Members of Congress , my fellow Americans :
Tonight marks the eighth year I 've come here to report on the State of the Union . And for this final one , I 'm going to try to make it shorter . I know some of you are antsy to get back to Iowa .
I also understand that because it 's an election season , expectations for what we 'll achieve this year are low . Still , Mr. Speaker , I appreciate the constructive approach you and the other leaders took at the end of last year to pass a budget and make tax cuts permanent for working families . So I hope we can work together this year on bipartisan priorities like criminal justice reform , and helping people who are battling prescription drug abuse . We just might surprise the cynics again .
But tonight , I want to go easy on the traditional list of proposals for the year ahead . Do n't worry , I 've got plenty , from helping students learn to write computer code to personalizing medical treatments for patients . And I 'll keep pushing for progress on the work that still needs doing . Fixing a broken immigration system . Protecting our kids from gun violence . Equal pay for equal work , paid leave , raising the minimum wage . All these things still matter to hardworking families ; they are still the right thing to do ; and I will not let up until they get done .
But for my final address to this chamber , I do n't want to talk just about the next year . I want to focus on the next five years , ten years , and beyond .
I want to focus on our future .
We live in a time of extraordinary change – change that 's reshaping the way we live , the way we work , our planet and our place in the world . It 's change that promises amazing medical breakthroughs , but also economic disruptions that strain working families . It promises education for girls in the most remote villages , but also connects terrorists plotting an ocean away . It 's change that can broaden opportunity , or widen inequality . And whether we like it or not , the pace of this change will only accelerate .
America has been through big changes before – wars and depression , the influx of immigrants , workers fighting for a fair deal , and movements to expand civil rights . Each time , there have been those who told us to fear the future ; who claimed we could slam the brakes on change , promising to restore past glory if we just got some group or idea that was threatening America under control . And each time , we overcame those fears . We did not , in the words of Lincoln , adhere to the `` dogmas of the quiet past . '' Instead we thought anew , and acted anew . We made change work for us , always extending America 's promise outward , to the next frontier , to more and more people . And because we did – because we saw opportunity where others saw only peril – we emerged stronger and better than before .
What was true then can be true now . Our unique strengths as a nation – our optimism and work ethic , our spirit of discovery and innovation , our diversity and commitment to the rule of law – these things give us everything we need to ensure prosperity and security for generations to come .
In fact , it 's that spirit that made the progress of these past seven years possible . It 's how we recovered from the worst economic crisis in generations . It 's how we reformed our health care system , and reinvented our energy sector ; how we delivered more care and benefits to our troops and veterans , and how we secured the freedom in every state to marry the person we love .
But such progress is not inevitable . It is the result of choices we make together . And we face such choices right now . Will we respond to the changes of our time with fear , turning inward as a nation , and turning against each other as a people ? Or will we face the future with confidence in who we are , what we stand for , and the incredible things we can do together ?
Let them eat cake ... and their cruel words .
That 's one woman 's approach to dealing with trolls .
Kat Thek , founder of Troll Cakes , is turning unsavory online comments into cake decor .
Online harassment is pervasive : Nearly half of internet users have experienced harassment or abuse online . And 27 % of Americans say they 've stopped themselves from posting something online for fear of being harassed .
So Thek is whipping up chocolate cakes in her Brooklyn apartment with a troll 's nasty comment colorfully spelled out . For $ 35 , she 'll drop it in the mail with a printout of the original comment .
That option is largely for the trolls you know . For the anonymous harassers , you can pay $ 65 and Thek will attempt to track down the troll 's home address , something she said has been surprisingly easy .
`` It becomes funny when you think about how misdirected and bizarre this anger is and you redirect it in a similarly bizarre , but cheerful , way -- like putting it on a cake , '' Thek said . `` It 's an adult having a tantrum . ''
Thek also has a special offer : For $ 30 , she 'll send one of Trump 's tweets to the White House .
Thek , who works as a copywriter , said she 's been mulling the idea for Troll Cakes for some time . But it was n't until seeing a woman harass Dolly Parton on her Facebook page ( `` Your Momma be so disappointed '' ) that she sent the first troll cake . That was just over three weeks ago ; since then , she 's received `` dozens '' of orders through her website .
`` I felt a little weird sending a mean cake to a grandma , but she said that to Dolly Parton ! '' said Thek . `` There 's no way anyone is disappointed by Dolly Parton , especially her mother . Also , she 's 71 years old . That 's just crazy . So , I was like , 'That 's going on a cake . ' ''
Spewing racist rants , death threats , and downright offensive opinions has become a new normal on platforms like Facebook and Twitter . Tech companies and law enforcement have notoriously lagged behind when it comes to keeping people safe online .
Thek preserves the original spelling of comments on cakes , typos included . But she said she does sensor some of content from appearing on cakes , especially anything that suggests violence . An example : `` I know where you live and I 'm gon na kill you . '' `` That 's not really a cake troll , that 's like a police troll , '' Thek said .
Even for Thek , viewing negative internet comments can take a toll .
`` It 's a little heartbreaking to read in the things people say to others . Some of these people will make multiple fake accounts and just smother a person with negativity . It 's kind of mind boggling . ''
It 's no secret celebrities spend thousands upon thousands of dollars on maintaining their looks .
From bloody 'vampire facials ' to placenta serums and of course plastic surgery - the fountain of youth runs deep .
But an app is now trying to cut through all the cosmetics to determine exactly how old a person looks based on a picture .
The website , called How old do I look , it allows people to analyse any image found on Bing , Microsoft 's search engine , or upload their own .
It even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what Microsoft thinks their real ages are .
'This may be hard to believe but it took a couple of developers just a day to put this whole solution together , starting with the pipeline from the web page to the Machine Learning APIs to the real time streaming analytics and real time B , ' said Microsoft .
It designed to site to show off the capabilities of its cloud server software .
It revealed the site today at its annual Build developers conference in San Francisco .
'We wanted to create an experience that was intelligent and fun could capture the attention of people globally , so we looked at the APIs available in the Azure Machine Learning Gallery , ' it said .
The system works by analysing 27 points on the face .
Called face landmarks , they are a series of specifically detailed points on a face ; typically points of face components like the pupils , canthus or nose .
'These attributes are predicted by using statistical algorithms and may not always be 100 % precise .
'However , they are still helpful when you want to classify faces by these attributes .
'Face landmarks are a series of specifically detailed points on a face ; typically points of face components like the pupils , canthus or nose .
Face landmarks are optional attributes that can be analyzed during face detection .
By default , there are 27 predefined landmark points .
One word Ms Ferrier said should be avoided at all costs is 'innovative ' which she agrees is 'subjective ' and 'arrogant ' .
'It 's also a cliche . You want to avoid jargon and buzzwords and use clear words . Rather than use the word innovative , give facts and explain what you actually did that shows innovation , ' she told FEMAIL .
Business Insider recently reported that the phrase 'highly qualified ' was considered something to avoid as it is believed that it does n't make you seem better suited for the role .
Instead , it was recommended to focus on the specific skills you have that can benefit the position .
'I encourage people to tailor their resumes to the people who are receiving the information . If you 're going through 80 resumes you need yours to stand out . The whole objective of a resume is to get your foot in the door , ' Ms Ferrier said .
She also agreed on not using the word 'seasoned ' , which shows age and may indicate you 're not appropriate for the role .
'It is also a word that you would never use in common language so I think it 's best to avoid it , ' she said .
Including Microsoft Word as a skill was also deemed unnecessary as it would be assumed that you have basic knowledge of the program .
'Do n't include basic knowledge . It 's all about showcasing with clear examples what you can do . Including things like Microsoft Word is like including you got a gold star in kindergarten , ' Ms Ferrier said .
However , when it comes to the debate over whether you should include references on your resume , Ms Ferrier said it does n't matter either way .
'I have n't heard of anyone who reference checks beforehand . For me it 's a tricky one because people do n't want to use their references if they 're still in the current job , ' she elaborated .
Whilst some experts have urged potential employees to steer clear of the word 'ambitious ' in their resume , this was something Ms Ferrier said could work in some circumstances .
'What do you want , a non ambitious employee ? I think it depends on the hiring manager 's perspective . I want an ambitious sales person who is motivated in regards to targets and incentive but if you 're a graduate the word ambitious is n't as good as it can show that you have your eyes on a higher role and will leave the graduate role at the earliest opportunity ' .
She also said men and women tend to write differently when it comes to self-promotion .
She explained that when she was previously working with professors asking for grants the men continuously used the word 'I ' , the women said 'we ' .
As for Ms Ferrier 's final piece of advice ? Make your cover letter and resume punchy and succinct .
Clarity is king - do n't be vague and do n't make vague statements . Be specific but be brief .
'Some of these people are wading through heaps and heaps of resumes . They want to be able to access the substance . Vague is bland , vague is vanilla . '
In its final hours before being butchered , a chicken deserves to be reasonably comfortable and relatively stress-free . This is the message from China ’ s first official recommendations to the poultry industry , recently issued by Shandong Province , on how to slaughter the animals .
The guidelines , which are not mandatory , are motivated at least as much by commercial considerations as by concerns for animal welfare . Shandong is China ’ s leading producer of chickens , but traces of damage to the birds , like broken limbs or blood clots in the meat , have hurt exports .
Still , animal welfare advocates are praising the standards .
“ Such specific guidelines , ” said Jeff Zhou , China representative of Compassion in World Farming , a British organization that campaigns to end factory farming . “ I ’ m very grateful that they did this in Shandong . ”
The guidelines , according to People ’ s Daily , list the steps leading to slaughter and detail for each the recommended procedures to ensure that the chicken ’ s death is as painless as possible .
For example , the guidelines advise against transporting a live chicken longer than three hours . A chicken should be held with both hands , not seized by a single leg or wing . Before being killed , the bird should be anesthetized by being gassed or having its head dipped into electrified water . The guidelines also recommend using a massaging pad to support the chicken ’ s breast as the birds are moved on an assembly line to be stunned .
Humane slaughter alone does not remove all the cruelty that animals in intensive factory farming experience , Mr. Zhou said , but the guidelines address an important part of it . “ It ’ s a step in the right direction , ” he said .
The organization is working with its Chinese partners , including the International Cooperation Committee of Animal Welfare , a government-backed research institute , to push for more humane practices in China and has released similar recommendations for raising , shipping and slaughtering pigs , cattle and sheep .
Although the Shandong guidelines are China ’ s first for the slaughter of chickens , procedures to reduce animal suffering as well as improve meat quality are being practiced elsewhere and for other farm animals . Major slaughterhouses in Beijing , for example , already stun chickens by dipping their heads into electrified water , according to The Beijing News .
The city of Zhengzhou , the provincial capital of Henan , requires slaughterhouses to allow pigs to rest at least 12 hours after being transported to the slaughterhouse before they are killed , according to a 2010 report in Dahe , a local newspaper . Violations carry a penalty of up to 50,000 renminbi , or about $ 7,500 .
As more slaughterhouses adopt procedures for the humane handling of livestock , Chinese meat may find greater acceptance in high-end markets at home and abroad , said Sun Jingxin , a food science professor at Qingdao Agricultural University and the author of the Shandong guidelines .
With an eye to European consumers concerned about animal welfare , Mr. Sun said of preferred methods for stunning the chickens , “ we adopted the high-voltage system used in the EU , instead of the US-style low-voltage treatment . ”
“ The EU way is considered more humane , even though it may result in lower meat quality , ” Mr. Sun said in an interview .
China is the world ’ s second-leading producer of broiler meat , after the United States , producing 13.4 million tons last year , according to the United States Department of Agriculture . But it ranked only fifth in exports , with 401,000 tons that year .
As this image gets larger , what do you see ?
Most people will pick out a phantom-like picture of Albert Einstein . But if you see a Hollywood pin-up , you may need a trip to the opticians .
At normal viewing distance , healthy eyes should be able to pick up the fine lines on Einstein 's face , causing the brain to disregard Marilyn Monroe 's image altogether .
This classic optical illusion was created several years ago by neuroscientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
In a recent video , Asap Science highlighted the process behind the trick , which can also be seen in a still image by anyone if they move closer and then farther away from the screen .
‘ Up close , we 're generally able to pick up fine details like Einstein 's moustache and wrinkles .
‘ But as the distance increases , or if your vision is poor and creates a more blurred image in the first place , your ability to pick up details fades away .
‘ Instead you only see general features , like the shape of mouth , nose and hair , and are left seeing Marilyn Monroe . ‘
The MIT team , led by Dr Aude Oliva , has spent over a decade creating hybrid optical illusions that show how images can be hidden with textures , words and other objects .
'Marilyn Einstein ' was created by superimposing a blurry picture of Marilyn Monroe over a picture of Albert Einstein drawn in fine lines .
Features with a high spatial frequency are only visible when viewing them close up , and those with low spatial frequencies are only visible at a distance .
Combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen .
Dr Oliva 's group say these images not only reveal vision problems , but can also highlight how the brain processes information .
In one study , participants were shown hybrid images for just of 30 milliseconds , and only recognised the low spatial resolution , or blurry , component of the image .
But when the images were shown for 150 milliseconds , they only recognised the image that was produced in fine detail , or in high spatial resolution .
In a separate test , they were shown sad faces in high spatial resolution and angry faces in low spatial resolution . They superimposed pictures used both male and female faces .
When displayed for 50 milliseconds , participants always saw an angry face , but were unable to pinpoint the sex of the person pictured .
Dr Oliva says this shows that our brains discriminate between picking out fine detail in some situations , and broader detail in others .
The brain 's processing of fine details happens slightly later than processing other features , according to the research .
The teams believe hybrid images such as this may prove useful to advertisers who want to change how their logos appear at different distances .
The Oscar statuette is the symbol of the Academy Awards . Here are some facts about the trophy itself .
1 . The original design of “ Oscar ” was by MGM art director Cedric Gibbons . He came up with a statuette of a knight standing on a reel of film gripping a crusader ’ s sword . The Academy commissioned the Los Angeles sculptor George Stanley to create the design in three dimensions .
2 . It was presented for the first time at the initial awards banquet on May 16 , 1929 to Emil Jannings , named Best Actor for his performances in “ The Last Command ” and “ The Way of All Flesh ” .
3 . Since then , 2,701 statuettes have been presented .
4 . The new golden statuettes are cast , moulded , polished and buffed each January by RS Owens & amp ; Company , the Chicago-based awards manufacturer retained by the Academy since 1982 .
5 . Oscar stands 13½ inches tall and weighs 8½ lbs .
6 . The film reel features five spokes , signifying the five original branches of the Academy : actors , directors , producers , technicians and writers . Although the statuette remains true to its original design , the size of the base varied until 1945 , when the current standard was adopted .
7 . Officially named the Academy Award of Merit , the statuette is better known by its nickname , Oscar . While the origins of the moniker are not clear , a popular story has it that upon seeing the trophy for the first time , Academy librarian ( and eventual executive director ) Margaret Herrick remarked that it resembled her Uncle Oscar . The Academy didn ’ t adopt the nickname officially until 1939 .
8 . The statuettes presented at the initial ceremonies were gold-plated solid bronze . Within a few years the bronze was abandoned in favour of Britannia metal , a pewter-like alloy which is then plated in copper , nickel silver , and finally , 24-carat gold .
9 . Due to a metal shortage during the Second World War , Oscars were made of painted plaster for three years . Following the war , the Academy invited recipients to redeem the plaster figures for gold-plated metal ones .
10 . The Academy is not certain know how many statuettes it will hand out until the envelopes are opened on the night of the ceremony . Although the number of categories are known in advance , the possibility of ties and of multiple recipients sharing the prize in some categories makes it impossible to predict the exact number of statuettes to be awarded . Any surplus awards are housed in the Academy ’ s vault until the following year 's event .
Choosing a name for a child is often a headache for parents , but new research shows that picking well could be more crucial than previously thought .
Academics have found that your first name actually changes the way you look , a phenomenon dubbed ‘ The Dorian Gray ’ effect , after Oscar Wilde ’ s eponymous hero .
Just as Gray ’ s wicked deeds were etched onto the facial features of his portrait , so the cultural stereotypes linked to a name come to be written on the faces of their bearers .
For example someone called ‘ Bob ’ is expected by society to have a rounder more jovial face than a man called ‘ Tim ’ . That expectation eventually leads ‘ Bobs ’ to become more gregarious and jolly , while ‘ Tims ’ may appear more pinched and reserved .
The connection may be linked to the 'bouba-kiki ' effect which suggests that across languages , more bulbous smoother objects are labelled with rounded 'bouba ' sounds , while thinner spikier objects have 'kiki ' sounds .
Likewise ‘ Winstons ’ are perceived as fairly glum , while ‘ Marys ’ are considered to be moral , both traits which may alter countenance , and over time , change face shape .
And a woman named ‘ Katherine ’ is considered to be more serious and dependable than a girl named ‘ Bonnie ’ . Such cultural expectations may encourage ‘ Katherines ’ to be more studious and academic , which could gradually influence the development of facial muscles , perhaps through increased concentration .
`` Prior research has shown there are cultural stereotypes attached to names , including how someone should look , ” said lead author Dr Yonat Zwebner , of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
“ For instance , people are more likely to imagine a person named Bob to have a rounder face than a person named Tim . We believe these stereotypes can , over time , affect people 's facial appearance . ''
To find out if face shape was linked to name , researchers conducted eight studies to see it was possible for strangers to correctly identify the names of people simply by looking at their faces .
In every experiment , the participants were significantly better ( up to 40 percent accurate ) at matching the name to the face than random chance ( 20 - 25 percent accurate ) even when ethnicity , age and other socioeconomic variables were controlled for .
`` Together , these findings suggest that facial appearance represents social expectations of how a person with a particular name should look . In this way , a social tag may influence one 's facial appearance , '' said co-author Dr Ruth Mayo .
There are plenty of things you can feel positive knowing about Garfield - the cat who loves lasagna , hates Mondays and adores a teddy bear named Pooky .
But last week , without warning , there rose a strange and sudden debate around a question about the famous feline that even creator Jim Davis needed to weigh in on : Is Garfield a boy , a girl , or no gender at all ?
The argument appears to have begun when writer Virgil Texas came across a 2014 Mental Floss interview with Davis where he described his tabby creation as 'not really male or female or any particular race or nationality , young or old . '
In response to the quote , Virgil wrote on Twitter : 'FACT : Garfield has no gender . This . Is . Canon . '
So sure was he of Garfield 's true gender status that Virgil even took it upon himself to update the Garfield character Wikipedia page with the information .
But it was quickly clear that not everyone agreed with Virgil 's hasty edits , and thus began a war over the Wikipedia entry edits .
The Washington Post reported that the battle took place over 60 hours and eventually ended when Wikipedia shut things down by locking the page .
One editor cited multiple moments when Garfield is referred to as 'he ' or 'him ' or even 'good boy ' by other characters in the comic strip .
Another user wrote : 'Garfield is male . Any other view is Fringe . '
Others rooting for the genderless option added that it should n't matter at all whether Garfield is male or female and the gender classification from the Wikipedia entry should be removed entirely .
The war became so overblown that even Capitol Hill appeared to jump in the fray , with Twitter boy chronicling Wikipedia entries made from US Congress IP addresses reporting that someone in the House of Representatives did some editing of their own .
As for Virgil , he warded off plenty of naysayers over his theory before writing : 'If one could locate another source where Jim Davis states , as explicitly as he states in the Mental Floss article , that Garfield 's gender is male or female , then this would give rise to a serious controversy in Garfield canon . Yet no such source has been identified , and I highly doubt one will ever emerge . '
It was a statement that soon appeared to have been made in haste as Jim Davis indeed soon joined the debate , shutting everything down in one line to Washington Post : 'Garfield is male . '
The 71-year-old cartoonist also pointed out that Garfield has a girlfriend , Arlene , and claimed that his 2014 quotes had been 'taken out of context . '
'I ’ ve always said that I wanted to work with animals because they 're not perceived as being any particular gender , race , age or ethnicity , ' he said . 'In that sense , the humor could be enjoyed by a broader demographic . '
The news was enough for Virgil to admit defeat in the argument , later taking to Twitter once again to say : 'Friends , we should not view the Garfield gender ruling as a loss . We should view it as a victory for what matters most : Canon . '
Walking or cycling is good for you even in polluted cities , researchers have found .
The health benefit of physical activity outweighs the harm caused by chemicals and dust puffed out by traffic and industry , according to Cambridge academics .
Air pollution is a major problem in British cities , and is estimated to contribute to 40,000 early deaths in Britain every year .
People who exercise in polluted areas are thought to put themselves at increased risk , because they take deeper breaths , inhaling more of the toxic pollution and particles that do such damage .
But a new study , published in the journal Preventive Medicine , suggests that the act of exercising outweighs this risk , because physical activity reduces the risk of diseases such as diabetes , heart disease , and several cancers .
Experts at the Centre for Diet and Activity Research - a collaboration between the universities of Cambridge and East Anglia - used computer simulations to compare the risks and benefits of exercising in polluted areas around the world .
Only 1 per cent of cities are so polluted that the risks start to overcome the benefits of physical activity after half an hour of cycling .
Study leader Dr Marko Tainio , of the University of Cambridge , said : ‘ Our model indicates that in London health benefits of active travel always outweigh the risk from pollution .
‘ Even in Delhi , one of the most polluted cities in the world – with pollution levels ten times those in London – people would need to cycle over five hours per week before the pollution risks outweigh the health benefits .
‘ We should remember , though , that a small minority of workers in the most polluted cities , such as bike messengers , may be exposed to levels of air pollution high enough to cancel out the health benefits of physical activity . ’
Senior author Dr James Woodcock added : ‘ Whilst this research demonstrates the benefits of physical activity in spite of air quality , it is not an argument for inaction in combating pollution .
‘ It provides further support for investment in infrastructure to get people out of their cars and onto their feet or their bikes – which can itself reduce pollution levels at the same time as supporting physical activity . ’
Medics were astonished to discover that 27 contact lenses had buried themselves behind the eye of a woman who was due to have cataract surgery .
The pensioner , 67 , was completely unaware that the lenses were missing and told surgeons she thought the discomfort was simply down to her old age .
Medics initially found 17 contact lenses - but then discovered a further 10 on a second inspection .
'None of us has ever seen this before , ' Specialist trainee ophthalmologist , Rupal Morjaria , told Optometry Today .
'It was such a large mass . All the 17 contact lenses were stuck together . We were really surprised that the patient did n't notice it because it would cause quite a lot of irritation while it was sitting there . '
The woman had worn disposable contact lenses for the past 35 years but had not attended regular optometrist appointments .
Unfortunately for the pensioner her cataract operation had to be postponed following the surprising discovery .
Ms Morjaria emphasised that publishing the report was important for raising awareness among the general public .
Because the lenses were behind the woman 's eye for so long , it meant a large amount of bacteria had built up around her conjunctiva .
The case , which took place last November , was published in the British Medical Journal .
It had previously been thought not possible to retain so many contact lenses without more severe symptoms .
Surprisingly , the patient had not reported any symptoms of the missing contact lenses .
The Chinese are among the relative minority of countries who would strike land if they were to undertake this enterprise , according to the website .
Digging a hole from the centre of Beijing , you would emerge in Rio Negro , near Bahia Blanca in Argentina .
Other major or capital cities that are close to being antipodes include Auckland , New Zealand , and Seville and Malaga in Spain .
Exact antipodes include Ulan Ude in Russia and Puerto Natales in Chile .
The two largest inhabited antipodal areas are located in East Asia , in China and Mongolia , and South America , in Argentina and Chile .
'The Australian mainland is the largest landmass with its antipodes entirely in ocean , ' the Antipodes website writes .
'The majority of locations on land do not have land-based antipodes . '
The largest antipodal land masses are the Malay Archipelago , which is opposite the Amazon Basin and adjoining Andean ranges .
Given that the surface of the earth is around 71 percent water , it 's probably unsurprising that the chances of hitting land are relatively low .
An American digging a hole from Times Square in New York would end up in the ocean off the coast of Australia .
Brits would n't fare much better , with a tunnel dug from under the Houses of Parliament finishing up off the coast of New Zealand .
Japanese tunnel diggers starting in Tokyo would surface off the coast of Uruguay .
And Russians digging from Moscow would find themselves in the middle of the Pacific Ocean .
There are no non-stop scheduled flights between any two antipodal locations by commercial airline service .
But a hypothetically perfect antipode flight would be Tangier Ibn Battouta Airport , Morocco to Whangarei Aerodrome , New Zealand , a flight of approximately 20,000km .
The North and South pole are , by definition , antipodes .
Scientists have previously calculated the journey time , were tunnel diggers to make it all the way through the Earth 's core and out to the other side .
Research has previously found that it would take a person 38 minutes to fall from one side of the planet to the other .
Britain woke up Thursday morning in the midst of feverish speculation over the health of Prince Philip .
Overnight , the hashtag # BuckinghamPalace and the topics `` The Queen , '' `` Prince Philip '' and `` Royal Family '' were on top of UK 's Twitter trends , with tens of thousands of people riffing on rumours that the husband of Queen Elizabeth II had died .
Prince Philip , 95-year-old husband of Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II , is to step down from public life , Buckingham Palace has announced .
The prince , who has been at the Queen 's side for her 65-year reign , will stop accepting invitations for public engagements from September , the palace said .
`` His Royal Highness The Duke of Edinburgh has decided that he will no longer carry out public engagements from the autumn of this year . In taking this decision , The Duke has the full support of The Queen , '' the Buckingham Palace statement said .
In a statement , British Prime Minister Theresa May paid tribute to the prince , offering him the country 's `` deepest gratitude and good wishes '' following the announcement .
It is over five years since Buckingham Palace announced that Philip would gradually `` wind down '' his workload , though he remained keen to perform many of his duties .
In 2016 , he attended 200 events as he continued to represent the royal family with his own distinctive style .
Royal commentator Kate Williams described Philip 's decision to step away from public life as `` very sad . ''
`` He 's the longest-serving royal consort in our history , '' she told CNN from outside Buckingham Palace .
`` It is very sad to see Prince Philip stepping down from royal engagements but I think we can all agree he deserves a rest .
The royal family says Philip will continue to be associated with more than 780 organizations .
In recent years , the burden of public engagements has increasingly fallen to younger members of the British royal family .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are due to move back to London from Norfolk in eastern England later this year to carry out more duties . They will take up residence in Kensington Palace , the former home of Princess Diana .
The Duke , Prince William , recently announced that he would leave up his job as a helicopter pilot with the East Anglia Air Ambulance service .
Harry has carried out a number of engagements on behalf of the queen and has visited countries on all seven continents .
All three are likely to step up their public appearances in the wake of the latest developments .
`` Everybody was saying we must have more leisure . Now they are complaining they are unemployed . ''
`` Are n't most of you descended from pirates ? ''
`` You 're too fat to be an astronaut . ''
`` I wish he 'd turn the microphone off . ''
`` How many people have you knocked over this morning on that thing ? ''
`` Are you asking me if the Queen is going to die ? ''
`` When a man opens a car door for his wife , it 's either a new car or a new wife . ''
`` If it has got four legs and it is not a chair , if it has got two wings and it flies but is not an aeroplane , and if it swims and it is not a submarine , the Cantonese will eat it . ''
If you thought Russia 's recent efforts to prevent rain in the sky from dampening holiday spirits represented the ultimate in scientific stage management , you ai n't seen nothing yet .
A Japanese research company called ALE Co. ( aka Star-ALE ) is bidding to put on a sensational pyrotechnics display for the opening ceremony of the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo . But this is no regular fireworks show : ALE Co. 's 'Sky Canvas ' is an artificially created meteor shower – uh-huh – which would see hundreds of tiny , coloured fireballs rain down over the host city .
According to a report at industrial design site Core 77 , if ALE Co. has its way , this amazing concept would result in the human-made shooting stars being visible from well outside of Tokyo too , with the next-level pyrotechnics expected to be viewable from up to 100 kilometres away from the city .
But how does it all work ? ALE CO. says it can `` artificially recreate '' the process of natural shooting stars by sending up a satellite into orbit carrying a payload of between 500 to 1,000 specialised pellets called `` source particles '' .
Once the particles – composed of chemicals designed to emit flames in various colours – are discharged from the satellite , they 'd travel around Earth until they enter the atmosphere and begin to burn up . With numerous particles being discharged at the same time , the company says it can create a safe , on-demand meteor shower for the wonderment of the crowds below .
But wonderment comes at a cost , and in this case , that cost is n't cheap . Core77 reports that each combustible pellet comes in at about US $ 8,100 to produce , and that 's not including the costs involved in actually launching the Sky Canvas satellite . Ouch .
The company has tested its source particles in the lab , using a vacuum chamber and hot gases to simulate the conditions the pellets would encounter upon re-entering Earth 's atmosphere . In its testing , the particles burn with an apparent magnitude of –1 , which should ensure they 're clearly visible in the night sky , even in the polluted skyline of a metropolis like Tokyo .
Their speed should also make them easy to appreciate . `` Our shooting star travels slower and longer across the sky than a natural shooting star , '' ALE Co. explains on its website . `` This makes it possible for more people to enjoy the spectacle for a longer period of time . ''
Of course , a lot of this marketing is just that for now – at least , until the company launches its first shooting-star-laden prototype . It 's intending to do that in the latter half of next year , and hopefully by 2018 we 'll start to see just how effective human-created meteorites really are .
If things go well , who knows ? We 're calling it : Tokyo 2020 's opening ceremony is not one to miss .
Batman-style 'smart ' underpants could end the misery of back pain for millions of people .
Inventors have developed briefs that contain wearable technology designed to get rid of pain in the lower back .
Experts said many potential solutions for back pain are unproven , unworkable or just plain unattractive .
Now a team of engineers from Vanderbilt University in Tennessee hope to change that with a design that combines the science of biomechanics and advances in wearable technology to create a smart , mechanized undergarment .
More than one in two adults ( between 60 and 80 percent ) suffer low back pain in their lifetimes and the condition is estimated to cost billions in healthcare and lost productivity every year .
Lead researcher Karl Zelik , an assistant professor of mechanical engineering , started exploring wearable technology solutions after suffering back pain himself from repeatedly lifting his young son .
'I 'm sick of comic book characters like Tony Stark and Bruce Wayne being the only ones with performance-boosting supersuits . We , the masses , want our own , ' Professor Zelik explained .
'The difference is that I 'm not fighting crime . I 'm fighting the odds that I 'll strain my back this week trying to lift my two-year-old . '
Tests so far show that the smart clothing relieves stress on the lower back .
The device consists of two fabric sections , made of nylon canvas , Lycra , polyester and other materials , for the chest and legs .
The sections are connected by sturdy straps across the middle back , with natural rubber pieces at the lower back .
The device can be controlled by an app the team created - users tap their phones to engage the smart clothing wirelessly via Bluetooth . It can also be controlled by a light tap to the chest .
It is designed so that users engage it only when they need it .
The user just double taps their shirt , or their smart phone , to engage the straps .
When it is turned on , the elastic straps tighten so when the user completes a task , like lifting a heavy object , some of the pressure is diverted from the lower back to the straps .
And when the task is done , another double tap releases the straps so the user can sit down , and the device feels and behaves like normal clothes .
Eight subjects tested the device leaning forward and lifting 25lb and 55lb weights while holding their position at 30 , 60 and 90 degrees .
Using motion capture , force plates and electromyography , which records the electric activity of muscle tissue , the team showed the device reduced activity in the lower back muscles by an average of 15 to 45 percent for each task .
'The next idea is to find out if we can use sensors embedded in the clothing to monitor stress on the low back , and if it gets too high , can we automatically engage this smart clothing , ' Professor Zelik said .
The study 's co-author Dr Aaron Yang said the focus of the new technology is not on treating those with existing back pain but on prevention by reducing stress and fatigue on the low back muscles .
He said : 'I see a lot of healthcare workers or other professionals with jobs that require standing or leaning for long periods . Smart clothing may help offload some of those forces and reduce muscle fatigue . '
The award-winning design was unveiled at the annual meeting of the American Society of Biomechanics in Australia .
But as she started singing Auld Lang Syne , it became clear that things were n't going to plan .
Telling revelers jammed into Times Square there had not been a soundcheck for her hit song Emotions , she lamented : “ We ’ re missing some of these vocals , but it is what it is . ”
“ Let the audience sing , ” she decided , as she paced the stage .
The next song , We Belong Together , went no better . At times , Carey lowered the microphone from her mouth and the music , vocals and all , kept playing , making it clear she was lip-synching .
“ I ’ m trying to be a good sport here , ” she said , adding her own sarcastic review of the performance . “ That was … amazing . ”
At the end of her performance , watched by millions of fans , Carey abruptly walked off stage and signed off with : `` It just do n't get any better . ''
disastrous performance/a series of mishaps
Pop diva Mariah Carey suffered a series of mishaps during her New Year ’ s Eve performance , with viewers branding the show a disaster .
botched New Year 's Eve performance
Mariah Carey 's botched New Year 's Eve performance is turning into an even bigger controversy .
performance trouble
After experiencing difficulties with her New Year performance in Times Square in New York City that included stopping singing midway through a song , Mariah Carey used Twitter to say : “ Shit happens . ”
performance debacle/technical meltdown
She had a massive technical meltdown during her performance at a New Year 's Eve party .
performance fiasco
During one of the songs something went terribly awry , making it seem as though the Grammy award winner didn ’ t know her own lyrics .
Teachers in UK schools are trialling the use of body cameras in class to record bad pupils ’ behaviour , it has been revealed .
At least two schools in England have introduced the equipment for constant recording with the consent of local education authorities .
The cameras , worn on teachers ’ clothing , are set to film all the time but only save encrypted footage when the record button is pressed , The Times reported .
Teachers are advised to turn on the cameras during incidents in the classroom to tackle “ constant low-level disruption ” , but must give notice before doing so .
The technology is already used by police , parking wardens and some hospital staff as well as crossing-patrol officers .
Footage could also be shared with parents to involve them in addressing their children ’ s behaviour .
Feedback from parents and schools was said to be positive , with teachers praising them as an effective deterrent .
A survey published on Wednesday questioning teachers on the idea found more than a third would be willing to wear a body camera in the classroom , with many wanting the technology available to help combat bad behaviour from pupils .
Over one in 10 believe the time will come when bodycams will be mandatory in UK schools , the Times Education Supplement ( TES ) poll found .
Of the 37.7 percent who said they were in favour , some 31.6 percent said they were motivated by teacher and student safety .
Among those who were not willing to use the technology , reasons included concerns about their own privacy and that of the children , as well as feeling spied on , or the potential for misuse by management .
Around two-thirds of the teachers polled - more than 600 in total - said they would feel safer in the classroom if they knew there was a camera recording everything , while 10.9 percent said they could foresee a time when bodycams are compulsory .
Mary Bousted , general secretary at the Association of Teachers and Lecturers ( ATL ) , said the union did not support the use of surveillance technology to monitor children and staff .
“ All schools should be safe places for pupils and staff , ” she said .
A Department for Education spokeswoman said the trial is “ a matter for the schools ” .
Politicians stormed out of a buffet at a German government symposium on `` exporting green technology '' in Berlin this month when meat was not served , a media report said on Saturday .
Instead of the salami rolls , cocktail sausages or goulash soups one would ordinarily expect at similar functions in the German capital , the lunchtime menu offered Belgian endives with caramelised apple and a soya vegetable lasagne , the Guardian reported .
The vegetarian spread was the first manifestation of the German Environment Ministry 's decision this month to became the first government agency to take meat and fish off the menu at official functions , citing a need to lead by example when it comes to environmentally sustainable consumption and the `` consequences of consuming meat '' .
`` We decided to take the symbolic step to ban meat and fish at external events because we want to practice what we preach , '' ministry spokesperson Michael Schroeren told the Guardian .
`` For us it was a matter of credibility '' .
Christian Schmidt , Germany 's food minister and a member of the Christian Social Union ( CSU ) , immediately slammed Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks .
He said : `` With us there wo n't be a veggie day through the back door . Instead of paternalism and ideology I stand for variety and freedom of choice . ''
Before the last German elections in 2013 , the Green party had proposed a weekly `` veggie day '' on which canteens across the country would not be serving meat - a policy proposal that backfired and was blamed by many for the party gaining only 8.5 percent at the election .
Pineapple-topped pizzas leave the president of Iceland cold .
In fact , Guðni Th . Jóhannesson says if he could , he 'd pass a law banning pineapple from being used as pizza topping in his country .
Jóhannesson made the saucy comments to a group of high school students in the town of Akureyri , according to Iceland magazine ,
One of the students asked Jóhannesson his opinion on this cheesy topic and he did n't mince words , according to Visier , an Icelandic language news website .
The president told the student he was firmly opposed to pineapple on pizzas . He added , perhaps with a tongue in his cheek ( not a pineapple ) , that it is only the fact that he 's not allowed to pass laws that is keeping him from banning it entirely .
`` I do not have the power to make laws which forbid people to put pineapples on their pizza . I am glad I do not hold such power . Presidents should not have unlimited power…I would not want to live in such a country . For pizzas , I recommend seafood . ''
He also clarified he does n't hate pineapple all the time , just on pizza .
Jóhannesson 's issues against pineapple gets sympathy from Giacomo Pizzigoni , who owns Ambrogio15 pizzeria in San Diego .
`` I feel chefs should be free to experiment , but I think pineapple is a horrible topping for pizza , '' he told HuffPost by email . `` It is extremely sweet , and what 's worse is that it is served over tomato sauce . Red sauce does not go well with sweet ingredients .
For the record , pineapple-topped pizza originated not in Honolulu , but in London , Ontario , according to Atlas Obscura .
Back in 1962 , restaurant owner Sam Panopoulos decided to mix ham with canned pineapple on his pie to see how it would taste .
`` People said 'You are crazy to do this , ' '' Panopoulos told the website . To the surprise of many , it became a hit .
Is the United Kingdom ’ s exit from the European Union going to deal a fatal blow to the language of Shakespeare on the continent ? English , one of the 24 official languages of the EU , is very much spoken in Brussels and in the European Parliament in Strasbourg . But according to certain leading French politicians , its status after the Brexit should be questioned .
On Friday morning , the mayor of the southern French town of Béziers , Robert Ménard — a man with close ties to the National Front — reckoned that English no longer had “ any legitimacy ” in Brussels .
Left-wing presidential candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon , who supports moving away from European treaties , has , for his part , said that English can no longer be “ the third working language ” of the European Parliament .
In various ways , they ’ re both wrong . The very complex operation of multilingualism in European institutions doesn ’ t rely on the single criterion of a member state ’ s membership in — or withdrawal from — the EU .
The EU ’ s official languages are communicative languages recognized by the institutions . At the inception of the European structure , during the creation of the European Coal and Steel Community ( ECSC ) in 1951 , there were four : French , German , Italian and Dutch . Today there are 24 of these official languages , including Bulgarian , Danish , Croatian and , obviously , English . In the European Parliament , all documents and discussions must be translated simultaneously into the 24 languages .
The official language of a member state doesn ’ t automatically become an official language of the EU ( as is notably the case with Luxembourgish ) . This recognition happens at the request of the state . If a state withdraws , its language might also be withdrawn , even if a case for it was never made .
Nevertheless , Great Britain ’ s exit should not be enough to abolish the use of English in Brussels , contrary to what Robert Ménard thinks . That is quite simply because the English language is one of the official languages of Ireland and Malta , who are still members of the EU .
Jean-Luc Mélenchon ’ s proposal is subtler because the European MP is targeting English not in its capacity as an official language , but as a working language . To enable the fluidity of exchanges within the EU , certain discussions led by certain institutions happen in a limited number of languages . Contrary to what the presidential candidate asserts , this isn ’ t the case during sessions of the European Parliament ( except for press conferences ) . The European Commission , however , does have three official working languages : French , German and English .
This linguistic choice is clearly tied to member states ’ influence , but it also follows practical concerns and historical traditions . Deliberation in the European Union Court of Justice takes place in French , as do the majority of discussions in the European Court of Auditors .
So although the U.K. doesn ’ t use the euro and has preserved its monetary sovereignty , the European Central Bank has , since its creation , always and exclusively used the English language . And this is not for London ’ s sake , but for the sake of not complicating its extremely sensitive communication by multiplying the channels of translation .
Good posture makes you stand taller , breathe better , and will save you from looking like the Hunchback of Notre-Dame .
But slouching and hunching is all too easy when you 're sitting at your computer or head down staring at your phone .
There 's no real fix to bad posture other than to just straighten your back , but if you find yourself incapable or too lazy to do so , these mechanical Neko Electro cat ears might be just what you need .
Though SXSW has become more brand-washed than ever before , its spirit is still to highlight the weird and experimental in music , film and technology .
The Neko Electro is one such experimental gadget I came across while wandering the trade show portion at the Austin Convention Center .
Using a simple 6-axis accelerometer and gyroscope , the furry , cat ear-shaped headband can detect motion — specifically , when your back is bent and your head has dipped forward .
When your back is straight , the ears are still . If you start bending your back , the ears start fluttering and vibrating to remind you to straighten your spine .
It 's a cute concept that pairs well for cosplayers , but I felt goofy wearing them .
Personally , I 'd probably go with one of the more discrete posture-reminding gadgets like the LUMOback , which vibrates when you slouch and can be worn underneath your clothes , or the pin-sized LumoLift that gives you a light zap to tell you to stand taller .
But who am I to judge you if you wan na rock the Neko Electro ( which , for now , is not yet commercially available ) . You do you , because everyone else is just a hater . Also , these would be great for children who are prone to developing bad posture .
Candidates at an Indian army recruitment day in Bihar were made to take a written exam in their underwear to prevent them from cheating , according to reports , after a spate of exam cheating scandals in the eastern state .
Images in the Indian Express showed dozens of men sitting cross-legged in a field wearing only underpants , with many resting their test papers on their thighs , while a uniformed supervisor stood guard .
The paper quoted an army source as saying they took the radical step to “ save time on frisking so many people ” after more than 1,000 candidates turned up .
“ We had no option but to comply with the instructions even though it felt odd , ” one candidate told the paper .
An army spokesman in New Delhi refused to comment on the report .
A year ago police in Bihar said they had arrested about 1,000 aspiring officers for paying people to sit their exams for them .
The high court in the Bihar capital Patna asked the defence ministry on Tuesday for an explanation of the unusual move , after a lawyer filed a petition against the army .
There is huge pressure in India to secure good school grades and highly sought-after government jobs . Methods of cheating uncovered range from old-fashioned crib sheets to hi-tech spy cameras .
Last year in another scandal in Bihar , relatives scaled the walls of a school exam centre to pass notes to candidates .
In another attempt to stamp out cheating , on Sunday authorities in the western state of Gujarat blocked mobile phone internet services in cities and towns where entrance exams were taking place for public service jobs .
Hayao Miyazaki knows the world needs him right now . He 's heard our call .
The Studio Ghibli co-founder and director will step out of retirement to make one final project , one which would be his first and last to delve into CGI animation ; having announced his plans on NHK , Japan 's public broadcaster , as part of a programme entitled Owaranai Hito Miyazaki Hayao or Hayao Miyazaki - The Man Who Is n't Finished .
Miyazaki has been so far working on a CG short called Boro the Caterpillar ( Kemushi no Boro ) , set to be shown at Tokyo 's Studio Ghibli museum ; however , the director has stated that he 's unhappy with the film and plans to develop it into a feature length project .
He 's currently collaborating with longtime producer Toshio Suzuki , the current head of Studio Ghibli , on the film ; with Suzuki confessing Miyazaki was struggling to adapt to the techniques of CGI animation after a lifetime of hand-drawn films .
Though the filmmaker had stated multiple times over the years that he was planning to retire , he made a more official announcement on the matter in 2013 ; handing over production to younger staff , while concentrating on other projects such as the Studio Ghibli museum and continuing to illustrate manga .
However , Suzuki told Japanese radio at the time that Miyazaki may well revoke his retirement in the future , this apparently being his sixth attempt to date .
The news also hopefully puts to rest ( for now ) rumours that Studio Ghibli would be shutting its doors for good ; as Suzuki stated , `` Ghibli will carry on as long as Miyazaki continues to make films . ''
If you think scientists ca n't be artsy , think again .
The American Society of Microbiologists ( ASM ) recently held its first `` Agar Art '' contest and received 85 submissions of artwork all created by microbiologists `` using bacteria as paint and agar and a petri dish as a canvas , '' according to Emily Dilger , ASM 's public outreach manager . Agar is a `` jelly-like substance '' that bacteria eat and grow on , Dilger explained .
The microscopic masterpieces included a recreation of Vincent van Gogh 's `` The Starry Night '' by Missouri microbiologist Melanie Sullivan . She used several types of bacteria to produce the various colors , including bacteria that is `` a common cause of lower urinary tract infections '' and a bacterium that can cause infections including pneumonia and meningitis , according to her description of her piece .
`` Because a lot of these bacteria can have dangerous implications , we made sure all the submissions had to come from a member of the society , '' ASM marketing coordinator Chaseedaw Giles told ABC News . `` Lots of safety precautions have to be taken , especially in properly storing and disposing these cultures , so we did n't just want random people playing around with bacteria . ''
The `` Agar Art '' contest ran through this summer , and the winners were announced in late September after a panel of five judges - including professors and an artist - reviewed the submissions based on `` creativity , design , and presentation , '' Giles said .
The top three winners included artistic renditions of neurons , a map of New York City and the harvest season .
`` One of the coolest things about the contest has been reading the descriptions from the scientists of all the ways they grew these different bacteria and all the trial-and-error they had to do , '' Giles said . `` Many talked about the number of tries it took them to get certain patterns and intensity of color . Everyone did something different to come up with their final product . ''
The contest has also dispelled a long-held stereotype that scientists ca n't be artistic and vice versa .
`` I think this is a great example of the beautiful things that can come out of not putting people in certain boxes and defining them by a strict label , '' Giles said . `` It shows art and science can be married together . ''
1 . He who has never learned to obey can not be a good commander . — Aristotle
2 . A leader is a dealer in hope . — Napoleon Bonaparte
3 . If one is lucky , a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities . — Maya Angelou , writer
4 . A leader is best when people barely know he exists , when his work is done , his aim fulfilled , they will say : we did it ourselves . — Lao Tzu , Chinese philosopher and poet
5 . Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality . — Warren Bennis , scholar and author
6 . Before you are a leader , success is all about growing yourself . When you become a leader , success is all about growing others . — Jack Welch , American business executive
7 . A leader is one who knows the way , goes the way , and shows the way . — John Maxwell , author
8 . There are four ingredients in true leadership : brains , soul , heart and good nerves . — Klaus Schwab , Founder and Executive Chairman , World Economic Forum
9 . Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful , concerned citizens can change world . — Margaret Mead , cultural anthropologist
10 . The nation will find it very hard to look up to the leaders who are keeping their ears to the ground . — Sir Winston Churchill
11 . I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders , not more followers . — Ralph Nader , American political activist
12 . The key to successful leadership today is influence , not authority . — Kenneth Blanchard , author and management expert
13 . A good general not only sees the way to victory ; he also knows when victory is impossible . — Polybius , Greek historian of the Hellenistic period
14 . A leader takes people where they want to go . A great leader takes people where they don ’ t necessarily want to go , but ought to be . — Rosalynn Carter , former first lady of the United States
15 . The best executive has sense to pick good men to do what he wants done , and self-restraint to keep from meddling with them while they do it . — Theodore Roosevelt , 26th US President
16 . Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it . — General Dwight Eisenhower
17 . The leader has to be practical and a realist yet must talk the language of the visionary and the idealist . — Eric Hoffer , philosopher
18 . Leaders think and talk about the solutions . Followers think and talk about the problems . — Brian Tracy , author
19 . Never tell people how to do things . Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity . — General George Patton , military commander
20 . As we look ahead into the next century , leaders will be those who empower others . — Bill Gates
21 . Do what you feel in your heart to be right , for you ’ ll be criticized anyway . — Eleanor Roosevelt
22 . Great leaders are not defined by the absence of weakness , but rather by the presence of clear strengths . — John Zenger , German journalist
23 . He who has great power should use it lightly . — Seneca
24 . The art of leadership is saying no , not saying yes . It is very easy to say yes . — Tony Blair
25 . If you would not be forgotten , as soon as you are dead and rotten , either write things worth reading , or do things worth the writing . — Benjamin Franklin
26 . It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front , especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur . You take the front line when there is danger . Then people will appreciate your leadership . — Nelson Mandela
27 . Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other . — John F. Kennedy
28 . If your actions inspire others to dream more , learn more , do more and become more , you are a leader . — John Quincy Adams , 6th US President
29 . You don ’ t have to hold a position in order to be a leader . — Henry Ford
30 . Management is doing things right ; leadership is doing the right thing . — Peter Drucker , Austrian-born American Educator
My heart , prayers and deepest condolences are with the victims of the Manchester Attack and their loved ones .
There is nothing I or anyone can do to take away the pain you are feeling or to make this better . However , I extend my hand and heart and everything I possibly can give to you and yours , should you want or need my help in any way .
The only thing we can do now is choose how we let this affect us and how we live our lives from here on out .
I have been thinking of my fans , and of you all , non stop over the past week . The way you have handled all of this has been more inspiring and made me more proud than you ’ ll ever know .
The compassion , kindness , love , strength and oneness that you ’ ve shown one another this past week is the exact opposite of the heinous intentions it must take to pull off something as evil as what happened Monday .
You are the opposite .
I am sorry for the pain and fear that you must be feeling and for the trauma that you , too , must be experiencing .
We will never be able to understand why events like this take place because it is not in our nature , which is why we shouldn ’ t recoil .
We will not quit or operate in fear .
We won ’ t let this divide us .
We won ’ t let hate win .
I don ’ t want to go the rest of the year without being able to see and hold and uplift my fans , the same way they continue to uplift me .
Our response to this violence must be to come closer together , to help each other , to love more , to sing louder and to live more kindly and generously than we did before .
I ’ ll be returning to the incredibly brave city of Manchester to spend time with my fans and to have a benefit concert in honor of and to raise money for the victims and their families . I want to thank my fellow musicians and friends for reaching out to be a part of our expression of love for Manchester . I will have details to share with you as soon as everything is confirmed .
From the day we started putting the Dangerous Woman Tour together , I said that this show , more than anything else , was intended to be a safe space for my fans . A place for them to escape , to celebrate , to heal , to feel safe and to be themselves . To meet their friends they ’ ve made online . To express themselves .
This will not change that .
When you look into the audience at my shows , you see a beautiful , diverse , pure , happy crowd . Thousands of people , incredibly different , all there for the same reason , music .
Music is something that everyone on Earth can share .
Music is meant to heal us , to bring us together , to make us happy .
So that is what it will continue to do for us .
We will continue in honor of the ones we lost , their loved ones , my fans and all affected by this tragedy .
They will be on my mind and in my heart everyday and I will think of them with everything I do for the rest of my life .
Ari
The Royal Mint has chosen Beatrix Potter ’ s thieving Peter Rabbit as the first character from children ’ s literature ever to appear on a UK coin .
Peter , pictured in the blue jacket that he is forced to abandon in the garden of Mr McGregor when he is caught stealing vegetables , is captured on a special , coloured edition of a 50p coin available from today . The Royal Mint , which described Peter as “ the most recognisable of Potter ’ s creations , and one of the most cherished from children ’ s literature ” , will release uncoloured versions of the coin in change later this year .
Three more of Potter ’ s characters will also be committed to currency later this year , as part of celebrations marking 150 years since the children ’ s author ’ s birth . The images have been created by coin designer Emma Noble , who said it was “ amazing to be given the opportunity to work with such famous and treasured literary characters ” .
“ I wanted to put Beatrix Potter ’ s illustrations to the forefront of my design as they are lovely images and the characters are very well known , ” said Noble . “ I felt they were strong enough to stand alone and I designed them in this way as I thought they would work best for both the coloured commemorative and un-coloured circulating coins . I really hope people are pleased with them as a set . ”
Potter ’ s The Tale of Peter Rabbit , featuring Peter and his better-behaved siblings Flopsy , Mopsy and Cottontail , was the first of her stories to be published , released in 1902 by Frederick Warne & amp ; Co. Potter would go on to follow it with a series of much-loved stories which remain popular today , from The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin to The Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck .
Playboy has covered up !
The first nude-free issue of the 63-year-old men 's magazine was released to the public on Thursday .
The cover of the March issue features Instagram-famous model Sarah McDaniel simulating a sexy Snapchat - her arm held up as if holding the camera with a text banner reading 'heyyy : ) '
The magazine 's choice in cover model and social media reference appears to be a pitch to millennials , though it 's unclear whether the revamp will be enough to attract a generation that gets both their reading and pornography in digital form .
Playboy announced the historic change in October , saying it would no longer be publishing full-frontal nudity in the magazine starting with the March issue .
'A year and a half ago , we relaunched Playboy.com as a safe-for-work site , and traffic skyrocketed 400 percent , ' Playboy chief content officer Cory Jones told the New York Times .
'The average age of our visitors dropped from 47 years old to 30 . It showed how the brand can still resonate . '
'It 's going to be sexy , but it 's going to be safe for work , ' he told CNN Money .
The magazine has been shilling nude photos of women alongside journalism since 1953 , when Marilyn Monroe stripped down for the first issue .
While the magazine will no longer show the most private parts of a woman 's body , plenty of skin is still on display and women will continue to pose - albeit a bit more covered up - for the centerfold .
March 's centerfold is Dree Hemingway , the model daughter of actress Mariel Hemingway and a great-granddaughter of novelist Ernest Hemingway .
Hemingway 's spread was shot by photographer Angelo Pennetta and features a more naturalistic look than what has been the magazine 's brand in the past , according to the Times , which received an advanced preview of the issue .
One of the most noticeable differences in the new redesign is the fact that the female models are unretouched , giving the magazine a look reminiscent of 'American Apparel ads and fashion photographers like Terry Richardson , ' Times reporter David Segal writes .
The magazine has also cut lewd cartoons from the pages , as well as racy ads and the phrase 'Entertainment for Men ' - which has always appeared on the cover .
Columbia University in the US recognized newspaper coverage of local calamities and international emergencies in the 99th annual Pulitzer Prizes on Monday . The Pulitzers are considered to be the most prestigious prizes in American journalism .
The New York Times won three Pulitzers , including two prizes for coverage of the Ebola outbreak in West Africa . The Pulitzer for Public Service went to Charleston , South Carolina 's Post and Courier for its series on domestic violence .
The Wall Street Journal won a prize in investigative reporting for `` Medicare Unmasked , '' the first reporting Pulitzer for the newspaper since 2007 . The St. Louis Post-Dispatch won for photographic coverage of the Ferguson , Missouri , riots .
Pulitzer for breaking news : The Seattle Times staff
Pulitzer for investigative reporting : The Wall Street Journal with The New York Times
Pulitzer for explanatory reporting : Bloomberg News Zachary R. Mider
Pulitzer for national reporting : The Washington Post Carol D. Leonnig
Pulitzer for international reporting : The New York Times staff
Pulitzer for feature writing : Los Angeles Times Diana Marcum
Pulitzer for feature photography : The New York Times freelance photographer Daniel Berehulak
Pulitzer for fiction : All the Light We Can not See Anthony Doerr
For the past five years , 44-year-old Finish-Syrian Rami Adham has dedicated his life to helping the children of Aleppo cope with the horrors of war by smuggling toys into the besieged city .
Rami Adhman was born in Aleppo , but moved to Finland with his family in 1989 . When the Syrian civil war started , in 2012 , he decided he had to help the children of his native city in any way he could . In the beginning , he never planned on taking toys , thinking that food , medicine , and drinking water were the things that mattered most . However , on one occasion of crossing the border , his daughter told him she wanted to donate her toys to the kids of Aleppo . He took the girl up on her offer , and upon seeing the joy on the Syrian children ’ s faces when he took the toys out of his backpack , he decided to make them a priority on his subsequent runs .
Adham soon became known as the “ toy smuggler ” and the “ Santa of Syria ” . He has so far made the journey from Helsinki to Aleppo 28 times , and doesn ’ t plan on stopping until the war ends . Until two years ago , he crossed into Syria through the border with Turkey , but after it closed down , he started crossing into the war-torn country illegally , carrying an 80kg bag of toys on his back all the way to Aleppo . It ’ s a dangerous trip that he has to make by foot , because it ’ s dangerous to drive through rebel-held and government-held districts . But those aren ’ t the only forces he has to avoid , as he claims that his humanitarian efforts have also made him a wanted man by ISIS and Shia militias in Syria .
However , the dangers he faces on his every trip aren ’ t enough to stop the toy smuggler . His mission is just too important . “ Right now , Syrian kids are just facing death and insecurity and constant threats . Toys are important , ” he told The Telegraph .
“ I can ’ t describe the emotions of the kids , ” Adham recently told ZoominTV . “ It ’ s something , as if they have got a new friend that can only be their friend . In this time of heavy bombings , there ’ s nothing we can do . At least we can bring some joy to these kids .
“ Kids keep on coming to me and saying ‘ You see all these toys I have ? These are all from you , I ’ ve been collecting them . I have a family of toys now. ’ It ’ s just beautiful , ” he adds .
The father of six smuggles about 1,000 toys weighing 80kg on his every trip to Aleppo . They range from teddy bears , to Barbie dolls and action figures , depending on what he receives from donors back home in Helsinki . Regardless of what they receive , the children are always happy to have something new to play with .
He currently has a campaign running on GoFundMe , trying to raise €100,000 . If successful , he plans on using the money to build schools in Syria close to Turkish borders , where they would be safe from constant bombing .
Asked what message the people still trapped in Aleppo have for the rest of the world , the toy smuggler said that they feel like everyone has abandoned them . These are people , not just numbers and statistics . “ They want to know that the outside world one thing : how much death is enough for the world to react . Is it 200,000 , 300,000 , 700,000 , a million ? When is it enough until the world reacts ? They can not wait forever , ” Adham concluded .
Runners in Alabama may have bitten off more competition than they anticipated in a race earlier this month .
A dog finished in the top ten in the Elkmont Half Marathon -- The Trackless Train Trek on January 16 and has become quite the Internet sensation .
Ludivine , a bloodhound , lives nearby and after her owners let her out to relieve herself , she decided to join the race and ended up running the entire 13.1 miles .
She competed without human or leash . `` Her owner does n't even run ! That 's what makes the story even better , '' race director Gretta Armstrong told CNN .
April Hamlin , the pup 's owner , told CNN she lives on a nearby farm and did n't know Ludivine joined the race until a friend called to tell her about her unsuspecting celebrity pet .
`` Apparently she went to the race start and took off win the runners at the starting shot . She stayed with a few of the front runners , ran off to sniff some animal carcasses , romp in the water , and then back to the race . I understand she stayed on the course for 13.1 miles , finished seventh , and was the highest placed female , '' Hamlin told CNN .
Ludivine finished seventh out of 165 runners in just under an hour and a half . Although not counted as an official participant in the race , the athletic dog was presented with a well-earned medal .
The course began in downtown Elkmont , Alabama , before winding through the rolling rural roads around the Alabama town , according to the race 's website . Money raised from the race benefits the Elkmont High School cross country and track/field programs .
An astonishing video has emerged of a moped rider making a pathetic attempt to fake a road crash in an apparent insurance scam .
The footage , which was shot on a British motorist 's dashcam earlier this month , shows her view as she drives along a residential street .
But a man with a moped then appears in the road and pushes his scooter back into the front of her car as she approaches .
The man then dramatically throws himself on the bonnet as the driver shouts : 'What the hell ? You idiot ! '
The woman then confronts the young man and his friend , who appears to be filming the aftermath of the incident .
The pair pretend a road accident has happened until the woman tells them they are being recorded by a dash cam , prompting them to quickly conceal their identities and run away .
She tells them : 'I 've got a camera . Do you understand you are on video , you complete idiot . '
She then calls the police and the pair disappear in different directions .
The footage , filmed on the afternoon of July 2 , was uploaded online as a warning to motorists of insurance scams .
The identity of the woman in the car has not been established however , meaning it is unclear whether the police investigated .
Figures released last week showed that insurance companies thwart around £25million worth of fraudulent claims every week in the UK .
Over 2,500 fake claims are put in each week , the Association of British Insurers found , which would be worth around £1.3billion over a year .
Latest figures show there was a rise in opportunistic motor insurance frauds from 54,000 in 2015 to 57,000 last year .
A study by uSwitch recently found that as many as a quarter of innocent drivers have been unable to prove they were not at fault for an accident , leaving them facing larger bills .
The sale of dashcams has rocketed in recent years partly in response , with some insurers offering discounts for drivers who use them .
The unimaginable has happened .
After five glorious years of boy-band perfection , Zayn Malik has -- there 's really no way to soften this -- quit One Direction .
Actually , if we 're being honest , Malik 's departure from the hugely popular British group was absolutely imaginable .
In a surprise move , Zayn Malik announced he is leaving the boy band One Direction for good . He 's hoping to live his life as a 'normal ' guy now .
Last year at the Rose Bowl , where One Direction played three sold-out concerts , the 22-year-old singer looked as bored as I 've ever seen anyone look while performing for tens of thousands of screaming fans .
And just last week Malik left the band 's current tour , with One Direction 's publicist citing `` stress '' as his reason for flying home to Britain .
But the inevitability of this outcome wo n't likely blunt its impact on the group 's ultra-devoted following .
In a statement Wednesday on the band 's Facebook page , Malik apologized `` to the fans if I 've let anyone down , but I have to do what feels right in my heart . ''
He said his life with One Direction `` has been more than I could ever have imagined , '' but added that he 's leaving `` because I want to be a normal 22-year-old who is able to relax and have some private time out of the spotlight . ''
One Direction was formed in 2010 after its five members -- Malik , Harry Styles , Louis Tomlinson , Liam Payne and Niall Horan -- tried out separately for the British edition of `` The X Factor . ''
The group found instant success ; private time since then has probably become something the members joke about rather than experience .
On Facebook , Malik 's former bandmates said they 're `` really sad to see Zayn go , but we totally respect his decision and send him all our love for the future . ''
The four will continue recording a new album -- the follow-up to November 's excellent ( and prophetically titled ? ) `` Four '' -- which the statement said would be released this year .
A London receptionist was sent home from work after refusing to wear high heels , it has emerged .
Temp worker Nicola Thorp , 27 , from Hackney , arrived at finance company PwC to be told she had to wear shoes with a `` 2in to 4in heel '' .
When she refused and complained male colleagues were not asked to do the same , she was sent home without pay .
Ms Thorp said she would have struggled to work a full day in high heels and had asked to wear the smart flat shoes she had worn to the office in Embankment .
But instead she was told she should go and buy a pair of heels on her first day , back in December .
`` I said 'if you can give me a reason as to why wearing flats would impair me to do my job today , then fair enough ' , but they could n't , '' Ms Thorp told BBC .
`` I was expected to do a nine-hour shift on my feet escorting clients to meeting rooms . I said 'I just wo n't be able to do that in heels ' . ''
Ms Thorp said she asked if a man would be expected to do the same shift in heels , and was laughed at .
She then spoke to friends about what had happened , and after posting on Facebook realised that other women had found themselves in the same position .
She has since set up a petition calling for the law to be changed so women can not be forced to wear high heels to work . It has had more than 10,000 signatures , so the government will now have to respond .
As the law stands , employers can dismiss staff who fail to live up to `` reasonable '' dress code demands , as long as they 've been given enough time to buy the right shoes and clothes .
They can set up different codes for men and women , as long as there 's an `` equivalent level of smartness '' .
`` I think dress codes should reflect society and nowadays women can be smart and formal and wear flat shoes . '' Ms Thorp said .
`` Aside from the debilitating factor , it 's the sexism issue . I think companies should n't be forcing that on their female employees . ''
A social media company catering to Germany 's adult industry is creating a new position -- a sexual position .
Kaufmich.com -- which means `` buy me '' in German -- has just announced it is hiring a full-time `` prostitute tester . '' A willingness to lie down on the job is a requirement , if you get our drift .
The man or woman chosen will review brothels in Germany , emphasizing service , cleanliness and compliance with safe sex practices . Doing this requires having sex with sex workers , according to Kaufmich.com 's product manager , who only gave his name as `` Ben '' to CNBC .
`` Having a brothel in Germany is totally legal but so far there is not a quality system for them in place . We want to be the Tripadvisor for brothels , '' Ben told CNBC . `` Clients on Kaufmich should be able to check the quality of brothels before there go -- like you check your hotel online before you book . ''
Besides scoring tips for carnal consumers , the ideal candidate “ should enjoy having fun with people '' and not be afraid of contact , ” Newser reports .
Randy reviewers should also have a business degree , a full health certificate and an ability to be a cunning linguist when it comes to speaking French , according to Newsweek . Knowing the ins and outs of brothels would be a plus .
Ben said there have been 150 applicants so far , mostly from Germany but also Belgium , the Netherlands and Great Britain .
Kaufmich.com was founded in 2009 by three brothers seeking to improve Germany 's sex industry by creating a market for independent prostitutes .
“ Our vision is to see sex work as an equal and fully accepted part of society , ” Julius Dreyer , one of the brothers , said , according to News.com.au . `` We believe that all kinds of problems arise from sex workers being isolated and judged . ”
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg features in a long line of university dropouts who became millionaires after founding technology companies - Bill Gates and Steve Jobs among them .
But 12 years after leaving Harvard to work on Facebook full time , he has returned to pick up his degree .
Zuckerberg founded what was then called `` The Facebook '' in his college dormitory in 2004 . The service was at first limited only to Harvard students before expanding to other Ivy League universities .
He delivered the university 's commencement address later on Thursday . After receiving the honour , he posted a photo of him with his parents Edward and Karen Zuckerberg .
During his remarks on Thursday , Mr Zuckerberg told graduates that `` we live in an unstable time '' .
With his wife , Priscilla , in the audience , he pointed to the dormitory where he launched Facebook , and remarked that meeting her there was the best thing to happen to him at the university .
Zuckerberg returned to the room where he built Facebook along with his co-founders , Dustin Moskovitz , Eduardo Saverin , Andrew McCollum and Chris Hughes .
Even after the company moved its headquarters to California , Zuckerberg continued to be enrolled at Harvard until he dropped out in November 2005 . `` I 'm not coming back '' he told the university paper The Crimson .
His honorary degree comes 12 years later , a little quicker than it took Bill Gates , another famous Harvard dropout to get his . Gates , who left to found Microsoft in 1975 , did not receive his honorary degree until 2007 .
Last week , Zuckerberg shared a video of him finding out he had been accepted into Harvard .
'Everything has gone down . No blood results , no radiology images , there 's no group specific blood available .
'They 've declared an internal major incident , the hospital is diverting major trauma and stroke patients . All elective surgery was cancelled from about 1pm . We 're not doing anything in theatre that 's not life or limb threatening . '
'I was about to have the operation but then the doctors came round this morning and said all the computers are down because of all the hacking and the procedure ca n't be done because they ca n't access my records .
'There are so many corporations out there they could be getting money from , but to do it to the NHS that does so much good for people , it 's just disgusting . '
Russian Central Bank : State media agency Tass reported the bank discovered malware bulk emails to banks but detected no compromise of resources .
Russian Railways : State media said a virus attacked the IT system of Russian Railways , but it did not affect operations due to a prompt response . The company said the virus has been localized and `` technical work is underway to destroy it and update the antivirus protection . ''
Interior Ministry : The Russian Interior Ministry acknowledged a ransomware attack on its computers , adding that less than 1 % of computers were affected . The statement said antivirus systems are working to destroy it .
Megafon : A spokesperson for Russian telecommunications company Megafon told CNN that the cyberattack affected call centers but not the company 's networks . He said the situation was under control .
The researcher first noticed that the malware was trying to contact a specific web address every time it infected a new computer .
But the web address it was trying to contact had not been registered .
MalwareTech decided to register it , and bought it for $ 10.69 . Owning it would let him see where computers were accessing it from , and give him an idea of how widespread the ransomware was .
By doing so , he unexpectedly triggered part of the ransomware 's code that told it to stop spreading .
This type of code is known as a `` kill switch '' , which some attackers use to halt the spread of their software if things get out of hand .
If you can believe emojis , Russians are incredibly romantic ... and perpetually cold . Our friends Down Under live in a land of indulgence . And the world as a whole is a generally happy place .
A new study by mobile communications company Swiftkey analyzes more than a billion pieces of data to get to understand the planet 's love of emojis . The aptly titled Emoji Report provides a revealing look into Android and iOS users ' texting habits . All of the emojis -- there are more than 800 -- were organized into 60 categories and then ranked from most to least popular .
Thankfully , people everywhere use far more happy faces than sad ones .
The statistics reveal some entertaining facts about localized emoji use . Canadians , for example , are fans of quite a few symbols more commonly associated with America -- including violent emojis , such as guns , and those researchers said indicated raunchy humor , such as the banana and peach .
Australians apparently live quite a good life , as they use the most symbols indicating alcohol ( twice the worldwide average ) , drugs ( 70 percent above average ) , holidays and junk food .
America leads the world in an assortment of categories , including meat , royalty , `` female-oriented '' -- which includes symbols for makeup and women 's clothing -- and LGBT emojis . Oh , and the country has a particular proclivity for the eggplant icon .
Russians opt for cold weather emojis like the snowflake , and use three times as many romantic emojis than the worldwide average . And the French ? Stereotypes hold up , apparently , as they often go for hearts and wedding icons .
Due to the vast number of emojis , usage rates for individual symbols are often quite low -- some symbols are used less than 0.5 percent of the time . Swiftkey aggregated the data from their anonymized Cloud database .
Emoji use has been linked to such things as a more active sex life and a decline in `` deep meaningful conversations . '' But regardless of possible side effects , we use them a lot . A 2013 survey found 74 percent of Americans and 82 percent of people in China have sent an emoji .
`` We ’ ve stumbled on whole new confusing ways to communicate with each other , so we ’ ve been given a whole new vocabulary to say 'I ’ m laughing , ' or 'joy , ' or 'Well done , ' New York magazine 's Adam Sternbergh wrote in November . `` This new way will not replace all the old ways , but it can augment them and help us muddle through . ''
A Japanese sports shop is reporting a surge in demand for nipple covers as mammary gland concealment becomes all the rage in the eccentric Far-Eastern country .
The Dot Store says nipple covers , usually used by long-distance runners to prevent chafing , are flying off its shelves , with 55,000 sets being sold so far this year .
The figure far exceeds last year 's sales figures , though exact numbers were not given .
The Dot Store 's nipple covers are adhesive , water-resistant , transparent patches similar to sticking plasters .
The feat has been achieved by marketing the nipple covers as fashion items instead of sports accessories .
An advertisement for the product shows a girl on a date being enchanted with her young beau when his nipples are covered but disgusted when they are seen poking through his T-shirt .
In one version of events where the lad 's nipples are covered , the couple end up together .
But in an alternate reality where he neglected to cover his twin peaks , he ends up alone .
I ca n't help but feel uneasy
It 's gross
It 's like they do n't care about those around them
I instinctively ca n't accept it
It bums me out
They seem oblivious , even at work
I do n't want to associate with them
They come across as unreliable
They feel unhygienic
I hope I never see them again
Prince , the innovative pop superstar whose songwriting and eccentric stage presence electrified fans around the world with hits including `` Purple Rain '' and `` When Doves Cry , '' died on Thursday in Minnesota . He was 57 .
His influential , genre-defying music blended jazz , funk , R & amp ; B , disco and rock , winning seven Grammy Awards and an Oscar .
Prince was found unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park Studios compound , which included his home , in the Minneapolis suburb of Chanhassen , according to the Carver County Sheriff 's Office . Emergency workers tried to revive him , but he was pronounced dead a short time later .
The sheriff 's office said it was investigating the circumstances . The local medical examiner 's office said in a tweet that an autopsy had been scheduled for Friday .
Rolling Stones frontman Mick Jagger hailed his fellow singer and musician as `` revolutionary '' and one of the most unique and exciting artists of the last 30 years . Prince was an original lyricist and a `` startling '' guitar player , he added .
`` His talent was limitless , '' Jagger wrote on Twitter .
President Barack Obama called Prince `` one of the most gifted and prolific musicians of our time , '' and said few had influenced `` the sound and trajectory of popular music more distinctly . ''
Distraught devotees gathered outside the Paisley Park compound in mourning .
`` His music made the hair on your arms stand up , '' said one , Kristina Dudziak , 44 . `` It felt like he was making love to his guitar . ... It 's a sad day , '' she added , starting to sob .
Sheila E. , a singer and percussionist who worked closely with Prince in the 1980s , wrote on Twitter : `` My heart is broken . There are no words . I love you ! ''
The performer 's death was the most notable passing of a music giant since rock star David Bowie died of cancer at 69 on Jan. 10 .
Here is a look at his legacy :
Prince 's best-selling album was released in 1984 to accompany the semi-autobiographical film of the same name , which starred him as an up-and-coming singer known as `` The Kid '' trying to make his mark in the Minneapolis music scene . He earned an Academy Award for best original song score .
The album of the same name spent a total of 24 straight weeks atop the Billboard chart and ranks as one of the top 40 albums of all time in US sales , with sales of 13 million units , according to the Recording Industry Association of America .
In addition to the title track , which reached No . 2 on the US charts , the album spun off other hit singles : `` When Doves Cry , '' which went to No . 1 in the United States , `` Let 's Go Crazy '' and `` I Would Die 4 U '' .
Prince , who wrote or co-wrote every song on the album , won two Grammy Awards for the release .
Released two years before `` Purple Rain , '' `` 1999 '' was Prince 's breakthrough album and the first to feature his backing band at the time , the Revolution . Also considered deeply influential , `` 1999 '' sold more than 4 million copies in the United States and spawned the hit singles `` Little Red Corvette '' and the title track .
The final album Prince made with the Revolution served as the soundtrack to the 1986 film `` Under the Cherry Moon '' - which Prince directed and acted in - and was hailed by critics as one of the best releases of that year . It featured one of his biggest hits , `` Kiss '' .
Prince has sold more than 36 million albums in the United States during his career , according to the Recording Industry Association of America .
Prince won seven Grammy Awards and was nominated 37 times . His wins included best soundtrack album for his 1984 `` Purple Rain '' and best R & amp ; B vocal performance by a man for the song `` Future Baby Mama '' from his 2007 album `` Planet Earth . ''
The movie `` Purple Rain '' also won an Oscar for Best Original Song Score .
Tributes and reactions
Google ’ s remembered Prince with an animated logo on its US homepage , redirecting to the search result for “ Prince Music ” . It ’ s thought to be the first time Google has commemorated someone ’ s death with a Doodle .
Google : We are gathered here today to get through this thing called life .
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan have welcomed their first child - a baby girl called Max - into the world , and used her arrival to announce plans to give away most of their $ 45 billion fortune .
The Silicon Valley billionaire and his doctor wife shared the news of the baby 's birth in a Facebook post entitled , 'A letter to our daughter ' .
Included in the lengthy post was the couple 's pledge to donate the vast majority of their fortune to future generations . They will donate 99 % of their Facebook shares - currently valued at $ 45 billion - to the work of a new charitable foundation , the letter claims .
That would leave them with $ 450 million for themselves and their new child - based on Facebook 's current valuation , plus any other private wealth held by the couple .
The letter was accompanied with a picture of the proud new parents tenderly holding their newborn wrapped in a Aden And Anais swaddle cloth covered in cartoon caterpillars . The designer blankets are sold in $ 50 four-packs .
The post did not reveal when little Max was born or her full name .
The couple announced Priscilla 's pregnancy on Facebook earlier this year - acknowledging their long struggle with fertility issues and revealing they had suffered several miscarriages before conceiving their healthy little girl .
They used the open letter as an opportunity to describe 'the world we hope she grows up in ' .
Later in the letter , the couple outline how they intend to make such a difference .
The latest pledge puts the Zuckerbergs up there with America 's most generous philanthropists alongside the likes of Bill and Melinda Gates who have given $ 30 billion to the work of their foundation and plan to continue donating their private wealth .
Dear Max ,
Your mother and I do n't yet have the words to describe the hope you give us for the future . Your new life is full of promise , and we hope you will be happy and healthy so you can explore it fully . You 've already given us a reason to reflect on the world we hope you live in .
Like all parents , we want you to grow up in a world better than ours today .
While headlines often focus on what 's wrong , in many ways the world is getting better . Health is improving . Poverty is shrinking . Knowledge is growing . People are connecting . Technological progress in every field means your life should be dramatically better than ours today .
We will do our part to make this happen , not only because we love you , but also because we have a moral responsibility to all children in the next generation .
We believe all lives have equal value , and that includes the many more people who will live in future generations than live today . Our society has an obligation to invest now to improve the lives of all those coming into this world , not just those already here .
Today , most people die from five things -- heart disease , cancer , stroke , neurodegenerative and infectious diseases -- and we can make faster progress on these and other problems .
Once we recognize that your generation and your children 's generation may not have to suffer from disease , we collectively have a responsibility to tilt our investments a bit more towards the future to make this reality . Your mother and I want to do our part .
Curing disease will take time . Over short periods of five or ten years , it may not seem like we 're making much of a difference . But over the long term , seeds planted now will grow , and one day , you or your children will see what we can only imagine : a world without suffering from disease .
There are so many opportunities just like this . If society focuses more of its energy on these great challenges , we will leave your generation a much better world .
Our hopes for your generation focus on two ideas : advancing human potential and promoting equality .
Advancing human potential is about pushing the boundaries on how great a human life can be .
Promoting equality is about making sure everyone has access to these opportunities -- regardless of the nation , families or circumstances they are born into .
Our society must do this not only for justice or charity , but for the greatness of human progress .
Today your mother and I are committing to spend our lives doing our small part to help solve these challenges . I will continue to serve as Facebook 's CEO for many , many years to come , but these issues are too important to wait until you or we are older to begin this work . By starting at a young age , we hope to see compounding benefits throughout our lives .
As you begin the next generation of the Chan Zuckerberg family , we also begin the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative to join people across the world to advance human potential and promote equality for all children in the next generation . Our initial areas of focus will be personalized learning , curing disease , connecting people and building strong communities .
We will give 99 % of our Facebook shares -- currently about $ 45 billion -- during our lives to advance this mission . We know this is a small contribution compared to all the resources and talents of those already working on these issues . But we want to do what we can , working alongside many others .
As we become parents and enter this next chapter of our lives , we want to share our deep appreciation for everyone who makes this possible .
We can do this work only because we have a strong global community behind us . Building Facebook has created resources to improve the world for the next generation . Every member of the Facebook community is playing a part in this work .
We can make progress towards these opportunities only by standing on the shoulders of experts -- our mentors , partners and many incredible people whose contributions built these fields .
And we can only focus on serving this community and this mission because we are surrounded by loving family , supportive friends and amazing colleagues . We hope you will have such deep and inspiring relationships in your life too .
Max , we love you and feel a great responsibility to leave the world a better place for you and all children . We wish you a life filled with the same love , hope and joy you give us . We ca n't wait to see what you bring to this world .
Love ,
Mom and Dad
Donald Trump has upset Sir Cameron Mackintosh and co-creators of the stage musical Les Misérables for playing one of their songs at his Miami rally .
Mackintosh , a leading British theatre impresario , is to make his objection felt in a joint statement with Alain Boublil , the musical ’ s librettist and others who own the copyright .
A copy released to the Guardian said : “ The authors of Les Misérables were not asked for permission and did not authorise or endorse usage of Do You Hear the People Sing ? at last [ week ’ s ] Trump rally in Miami , and have never done so for any of the songs from the musical for this or any other political event . ”
Les Misérables has broken box office records worldwide , seen by more than 70 million people in 44 countries . It is a story of “ broken dreams and unrequited love , passion , sacrifice and redemption ” , with songs that include I Dreamed A Dream . In Miami , the Republican presidential nominee took the stage as Do You Hear the People Sing ? blasted through the loudspeakers .
Mackintosh ’ s statement said : “ As the musical ’ s popularity and universal message have been part of international popular culture for more than 30 years now , countless political and social movements around the world , including the first Bill Clinton and Obama campaigns , have independently embraced songs from the musical as a rallying cry for their own cause . ”
Trump has upset musicians before . In May , he faced demands by the Rolling Stones to stop playing their music at his campaign events . Earlier , he faced criticism from Neil Young for using his Rockin ’ in the Free World . Whether Mackintosh takes legal action remains to be seen .
The intellectual property lawyer Mark Stephens of Howard Kennedy , said politicians were supposed to clear the use of songs . Sometimes permission was obtained without disclosing it was for a political purpose and there could be a question about whether Trump ’ s campaign said it would be used at a rally .
Asked whether Mackintosh could potentially have a legal case against Trump , he said : “ Assuming that there wasn ’ t a fully disclosed , informed consent given , then he can sue for infringement of copyright . ”
The Trump campaign did not respond to a request for comment .
Trump is among numerous politicians who have upset musicians . Bruce Springsteen objected to Ronald Reagan ’ s attempt to use Born in the USA as a backdrop for his re-election in 1984 , and Mick Fleetwood has said that Bill Clinton ’ s campaign never sought permission for his 1992 campaign anthem , Don ’ t Stop .
Sometimes , however , there is harmony between musicians and politicians . The Northern Irish group D : Ream approved Tony Blair ’ s use of Things Can Only Get Better during the Labour party ’ s 1997 campaign .
If you 've had the same iPhone for a couple of years or more , you 've probably started to notice its performance slowing down a little , especially on newer versions of the software . Apple has even been sued for the slow performance in iOS 9 when it is used on an iPhone 4s .
But for anyone not up to taking such drastic measures , a solution has emerged that can provide an immediate speed boost by clearing up memory in the phone 's App Store .
San Francisco developer Zachary Dryer shared the hidden trick on Twitter , revealing that pressing a series of buttons in the iOS App Store can get rid of a backlog of stuck app updates .
On the App Store , press any one of the five buttons along the bottom of the app 10 times in a row to clear the cached memory . This is data that is meant to be held temporarily but can continue to take up precious resources due to a software error .
As long as the same button is pressed in succession , the screen should go white for a couple of seconds and return to the App Store 's homepage , with any app update backlogs cleared .
This is a useful trick if your App Store gets stuck , which can mean app updates not coming through , but should also provide a speed boost . The trick will also work on the iPad .
According to the developer , the trick works in iTunes , iBooks , App Store and the Apple Watch app , but not in Podcasts , Music , Game Center or iMessage .
An Italian company has told staff to refrain from sending any internal emails for a week in an effort to reduce stress levels .
Home textiles company Gabel , based in the northern Como region , commissioned an expert to interview its employees about what their main concerns were at work , the local La Provincia di Como website reports . Many said that managing the huge volume of internal correspondence was a burden during the working day . That prompted the company 's management to propose a solution , which - somewhat ironically - was sent to all staff in an email .
`` Together we will begin the following experiment , which will take us back in time to when people talked more , '' managing director Emilio Colombo wrote , declaring an `` email free '' week until 13 November . `` We invite you not to use email for internal communications ( between colleagues at the same location ) , in favour of a more direct and immediate contact . ''
The company 's president , Michele Moltrasio , tells the BBC it has n't been easy to stop such an `` ingrained '' practice , even temporarily , but that employees have welcomed the challenge . `` They are rediscovering the pleasure of meeting and talking rather than writing , '' he says . And that includes Mr Moltrasio , who is avoiding emails along with everyone else . `` Even if from next week we all go back to using email , these days of experimentation are very worthwhile , to understand and rethink the methods and pace of working , '' he says .
Several recent studies have found that a high volume of emails raises stress levels at work . In 2013 , researchers said that a full inbox led to peaks in people 's blood pressure and heart rate . And last year , a study at the University of British Columbia found that limiting email use during the day lowered people 's stress levels `` significantly '' .
Experts have rated Shanghai 's junior high school teachers among the world 's most qualified , thanks to their diversified teaching approaches , well-rounded training and rewarding career paths .
The assessment came after local teachers scored highest in 12 indicators in an international survey .
The city attaches great importance to cultivating first-class teachers and giving them rewarding career opportunities , said Zhang Minxuan , director of the Research Institute of International and Comparative Education at Shanghai Normal University .
In addition to the 12 indicators , such as efficiency of lessons , encouraging students to be engaged in classes , and professional training , Shanghai teachers ' overall performance in nearly 40 indicators far exceeded the international average standard , the survey found .
It was carried out by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development .
Nearly 4,000 Shanghai teachers from 199 junior high schools responded to the survey , which also polled teachers in 37 other countries and regions , including Australia , Italy , Singapore and Japan , over the past three years .
In an interview run by the journal Shanghai Education on WeChat , Karine Tremblay , director of the survey project , said Shanghai teachers have in-depth exchanges between peers , which helps them to `` grow together on a fast track '' .
`` We found that many initiatives concerning teachers ' professional development implemented in Shanghai can serve as world models , '' she said .
In the OECD 's 2012 Program for International Student Assessment , Shanghai students topped the ranks in math , reading and science tests in competition with those from dozens of countries .
This helped to generate the BBC documentary series Are Our Kids Tough Enough ? Chinese School , which was broadcast in August .
In the series , five Chinese teachers took over a class of 50 teenagers at a school in southern England and taught them in a traditional Chinese way - no talking , no questions , and with lessons focused on note-taking and repetition . The documentary sparked heated debate on the teaching styles in the two countries .
`` But the survey results showed that it could be a different story with Shanghai teachers , '' Zhang said .
The survey found that teachers who said that thinking and reasoning are more important than passing on knowledge to students accounted for 96 percent of the respondents , the highest proportion globally .
Zheng Yiwen , a math teacher at an elite high school in Shanghai 's Changning district , said : `` We prioritize giving students opportunities to think over methods to solve a question by themselves , pair discussions and group work . ... Moreover , we encourage them to give multiple answers to a question . ''
The survey also found that all teachers in Shanghai receive in-house training , with a veteran teacher as a one-on-one instructor .
The proportion of teachers often observing other teachers ' classes was 99 percent , the world 's highest .
Commercial banks must overhaul their profit models from traditional ones to address the narrowing interest margin , urged Shang Fulin , chairman of China Banking Regulatory Commission .
The model relying on the lucrative gap between lending and savings rate is no longer sustainable , as the proportion of interest income has declined , Shang said in an article in China Banking magazine on Tuesday .
Interest income accounted for only 48 percent of the total earnings among Chinese commercial banks in 2014 , down 7.3 percentage points from three years ago , he added .
Shang said China 's banking industry should seek profits from risk management and the pricing of financial products , while lowering operation costs .
Market participants should more carefully analyze the `` new normal '' within the banking industry , and actively respond to the challenges and risks under the `` new normal '' .
The growth of banks ' loan decreased to 13.5 percent last year , 6.5 percent lower than the average growth speed in the past five years , and the stable growth will be the long-term trend for China 's banking industry , he said .
China 's commercial banks ' non-performing loan was 842.6 billion yuan ( $ 137.46 billion ) by 2014 , and the ratio of commercial banks rose to 1.25 percent by the end of 2014 , 0.25 percentage points higher than the beginning of the year , according to an earlier Xinhua report .
Chinese banks `` must accelerate their transformation and upgrading by restructuring their asset and profit structure and regional layout of branches , '' said Yang Kaisheng , former president of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( ICBC ) on Tuesday .
China 's central bank announced a benchmark rate cut by 25 basis points on Saturday , lowering the one-year benchmark lending and savings rate to 5.35 and 2.5 percent respectively .
The bank at the same time increased interest rate flexibility by raising the ceiling for the floating savings rate to 1.3 times the benchmark rate , up from 1.2 times .
Thirsty snakes are moving into north Queensland homes with two pythons recently found in toilets .
Snake catcher Elliot Budd spent 15 minutes removing a 2.4-metre carpet python from a Townsville U-bend on the weekend , a week after he released a three-metre beauty found coiled in a toilet by tradesmen .
All but the second snake 's head and 10cm of its body was inside the toilet piping .
Budd could not unbolt the toilet and said tugging at the creature would have caused it injury .
`` Its head was just sitting there looking right at you , '' he said .
`` After about 15 minutes of just holding him , he just came out by himself . ''
A bizarre drone designed to take the hassle out of walking your dog is being advertised by an online retailer .
Drones Direct say that they have modified a popular automated aerial vehicle to allow owners to take their pet for a stroll completely hands free .
The device uses GPS to lead dogs along a programmed route .
Their DJI Phantom 4 Dog Drone , which the firm insists is a genuine product , costs twice the price of the regular model at £1,999 .
Drones Direct say that the gadget will allow owners to text or sit on a park bench whilst keeping an eye on their pets on their daily walk .
Owners simply set the desired walking route via their smartphone and set off , with the drone following a set GPS route and returning home on its own .
The company claim to have installed built-in collision avoidance and an automated altitude ability , to ensure the flying Dog Drone can navigate obstacles .
Mark Kelly , marketing manager at the site , said : 'Following the success of our Cat Drone , we did n't feel it was fair to forget our canine friends .
'The launch of the innovative Dog Drone is a great alternative for pet owners who lead busy lives by giving the option of hands-free walking .
'This handy piece of tech means dogs have a companion by their side whilst getting the exercise and enjoying the fresh outdoor air they so desperately need on a daily basis .
'This is a one-of-a-kind canine companion , which we are delighted to offer to all dog lovers . '
There would seem to be a number of potential problems that could face the drone .
Many dogs are likely to be scared of it and try to escape or attack it .
The drone is also unlikely to be able to accurately detect when your pet stops , which could mean it is dragged along unwillingly .
It 's illegal for a drone to go out of view , which means you will need to follow closely .
While the drone itself can avoid obstacles , the lead could present a collision risk to other people and objects .
The drone is not available online , so anyone interested in buying one will have to travel to a Huddersfield showroom .
If you 've ever been caught in the rain and needed to send an urgent text , you ’ ll know it can be difficult to compose a message while keeping your umbrella steady . Now there 's a new design intended to make life easier for people to stay in touch in a downpour .
South Korean company kt design has come up with a 'phone-brella ' that has a specially designed C-shaped handle that easily loops over a user 's wrist .
The bottom half of the handle acts as a counter-weight , while the top keeps the umbrella hooked around the arm . This leaves a user 's hands free to text or browse the web on a smartphone , while the umbrella leans against their body and keeps them dry .
The umbrella is a limited-edition gift for kt customers that claims to provide 'a rich mobile life experience , ' Designboom reported . The umbrella scooped a prestigious Red Dot Design Award earlier this week .
It comes in five colours : classic grey , smoky grey , blossom red , royal red and chic black .
Kt design is not the first to tinker with the classic umbrella design . Last year , a British inventor unveiled an upside-down design called the Kazbrella which collects drips inside and opens from the top rather than the bottom . A Chinese inventor came up with the Air Umbrella , which creates a 'force field ' of air around a user to deflect rain .
The BBC has been accused of sexing up Shakespeare after introducing raunchy sex scenes to the latest instalment of The Hollow Crown , a £6 million adaptation of four of the Bard 's history plays .
The Wars of the Roses , a trilogy starring Benedict Cumberbatch as the murderous Richard III , will show Henry VI 's wife Margaret , played by Sophie Okonedo , romping with Ben Miles 's Duke of Somerset , despite the fact that the passages do not appear in the original plays .
The epic productions form the centrepiece of the corporation 's celebrations of the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare 's death . The sex scenes are overlaid with the murder of another major character , with the moans of the lovers alternating with the screams of the man being hacked to death .
Ben Power , who adapted the plays for the BBC , admitted that he had invented the scenes . Asked at a BFI screening whether they were necessary , he said : “ There is definitely no doubt in the full-length play that they are involved in a sexual relationship . ”
Dominic Cook‎e , who directed the trilogy , added : `` For me it was really important that you saw this union between these two people – a kind of metaphor for their corruption . ''
In Shakespeare 's time , the female roles would have been played by boys . Professor Michael Dobson , director of Birmingham University 's Shakespeare Institute , said : “ On-stage sex between boy actors was n't really encouraged in the 1590s . But it sounds like the BBC is carrying on exactly the way the plays were going in the first place . ”
Most commuters in Munich , Germany , spend hours stuck in traffic or trying to squeeze into one of the overcrowded subway trains , every morning , but for 40-year-old Benjamin David , commuting is actually a relaxing experience . Every day , he jumps into the Isar River and swims two kilometers to his workplace in Kulturstrand .
Benjamin David used to be one of the thousands of Münchners trying to make their way to work on busy roads and cycling paths , but two years ago he decided that he needed to find a simpler alternative and the Isar River seemed like the obvious answer . It flows right past his apartment in Baldeplatz , and , even though no one has been using it for traveling purposes in decades , it used to be the best ways to get around . People traveled up and down the Isar using rafts , and , at one point , it was one of the most popular routes between Rome and Vienna . But instead of paddling on a raft , Benjamin decided to swim to work instead , and that ’ s been his main commute for the past two years .
Every morning , Benjamin , the founder and spokesman of a small think tank for culture and commerce in public places , leaves his apartment in Baldeplatz , crosses the street and jumps into the Isar River . He has to swim two kilometers to his office in Kulturstrand , which usually takes him about half an hour . Once there , he dries himself with a towel , puts on a t-shirt and waits for his colleagues to get through the heavy traffic , by enjoying a cappuccino at a cafe .
The swimming commuter found the perfect way to keep his things dry while he is in the water – a special bag that is not only waterproof , but also fills up with air when you roll it shut , acting as a buoy . It ’ s called a “ Wickelfisch ” and it was designed by a startup in Basel , Switzerland , where swimming to work has actually become a big trend . It holds Benjamin ’ s laptop , paperwork and clothes dry , and allows him to simply float down the river if his arms get tired .
Depending on the season and temperature of the water , Benjamin will put on a simple pair of shorts or a wet suit , but he always wears rubber sandals to protect his feet . People throw all kinds of things in the river , from glass bottles to bicycles , and the sandals provide protection .
But , even so , swimming in a river can be dangerous . Benjamin is a family man and he doesn ’ t want to risk his life just to save some time , so , every morning , before leaving for work , he goes online and checks the water level , temperature and the strength of the currents . If everything is within safe limits , he heads for the river , but if not , he opts for one of the conventional means of transportation .
Right now , Benjamin David is the only person in Munich who uses the Isar River for his work commute , but with around 30,000 new people moving to the German city every year , traffic isn ’ t getting any better , so he expects some of his fellow Münchners will be joining him for a daily swim soon .
China saw breakthrough performances at the World Athletics Championships , which ended in Beijing on Sunday evening , scooping nine medals , including one gold , seven silvers and one bronze , to finish 11th in the medal table .
`` We are excited to see more-balanced progress achieved by China at the World Championships , showcased by podium finishes in all four disciplines of walking , running and jumping as well as throwing , for the first time in the history of Chinese athletics , '' Du Zhaocai , the International Association of Athletics Federations ( IAAF ) council member and vice-chairman of the Chinese Athletics Association , made the comments at a news conference on Sunday .
China 's solid improvement in athletics also attracted the attention of Sebastian Coe , the new president of the IAAF . `` It 's very obvious that China will play a huge part in the development of our sport going forward . They were very keen to establish some expertise in many other disciplines in track and field . The relay silver is pretty indicative of the progress that Chinese athletes have made , '' the Briton said on Sunday .
Men 's high jump – Silver medal
Chinese high jumper Zhang Guowei won a silver by clearing 2.33 meters , which is China 's best performance in men 's high jump at World Athletics Championships .
Women 's javelin thrower - Silver medal
Chinese Lyu Huihui won a silver with a new Asian record of 66.13 meters on her fifth try .
Moody people are often baffling to those of us with steadier emotions .
But scientists argue that changing moods – as seen in sulking teenagers , grumpy spouses , or bad-tempered parents - serve an important purpose .
Rather than being a weakness , they are nature 's way to of helping us adapt to an ever changing world . So when times are good and spirits are high , we take more risks at a time they are likely to be rewarded .
And when times are tough , sulking can help us conserve our energy .
To take a human example , a stock market trader who makes a successful deal becomes more optimistic about the outcome of his next transaction .
He is then likely to take more risks – as he becomes more optimistic things will go in his or her favour .
The increase in risk taking allows him to make maximum gains at a time when risk taking is most likely to pay off .
This holds true when a variety of different events have an underlying connection , the authors argue .
To take an example from the natural world , the authors suggest an animal 's mood improves on finding a number of fruits in a tree .
Rather than assessing each tree individually , this good mood helps the animal to look at the big picture – and optimistically make it think fruits are in abundance .
This encourages the animal to climb up the neighbouring branch – where good conditions make it more likely that there will be a tasty fruit available .
It may be increased rainfall or sunshine has caused fruit to become more abundant , the authors suggest .
'In this situation , it makes little sense to update expectations for each tree independently , ' the authors write , and makes the animal expect 'a general increase in reward and update expectations for all related trees accordingly . '
Eran Eldar , of University College London said : 'This effect of mood should be useful whenever different sources of reward are interconnected or possess an underlying momentum .
'That may often be the case in the natural as well as in the modern world , as successes in acquiring skills , material resources , social status , and even mating partners may all affect one another . '
When rewards are starting to thin out – for example if winter is coming – then a negative mood will result in an individual event , such as finding a fruit , being 'downgraded'– allowing behaviour and expectations to be quickly adjusted downwards .
The authors suggest that this could lead to behaviours such as an animal deciding to save energy and hibernate instead of rushing around .
Filmmaker James Cameron , forever an advocate for the 3D format , has achieved his ambition of letting audiences watch his Avatar sequels in 3D without having to don a pair of glasses .
Last November , the director revealed his plans to further innovate the format , stating : `` I 'm still very bullish on 3D , but we need brighter projection , and ultimately I think it can happen - with no glasses . We 'll get there . ''
The move will work wonders for Avatar 2 , a sequel many felt a tad unnecessary considering it will arrive over ten years after the 2009 original - this 3D development will no doubt see film fans flocking to multiplexes to experience the innovation .
Inquisitr reports that Cameron 's production company Lightstorm Entertainment has extended its partnership with Christie Digital granting it access to the latter 's new RGB laser projection system . It will result in a clearer picture , although there is currently no word on how many cinemas will show the sequel in the format .
Until this point , glasses-free 3D has only been available on Nintendo 3DS .
Cameron 's Avatar sequels are said to follow Jake ( Sam Worthington ) Neytiri ( Zoe Saldana ) and their children 's `` battle with humans . '' Cast additions have included Fear the Walking Dead star Cliff Curtis as well as Oona Chaplin ( Game of Thrones , Black Mirror ) .
To encourage all students to get an education , even if their parents ca n't afford it , a primary school in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh is asking parents to simply plant a tree sapling instead of paying school fees .
The parents have to take care of the sapling and plant a new one if it dies - but compared to the cost of traditional school fees , it 's a small price to pay .
And it comes with the added bonus of helping to improve local air quality .
The school is Shiksha Kuteer in the city of Ambikapur in the east of the country .
According to Asian News International , at least 35 students between the ages of four and five are studying there .
The initiative was set up by a group of local professionals and business owners in response to India 's skyrocketing education fees .
Currently , the government spends just 3.9 percent of its budget on education , which means parents are left to pay for hefty school fees , as well as paying for books and school supplies .
A national survey released last year showed that between 2008 and 2014 , private expenditure has increased by 175 percent to Rs6,788 per student each year ( US $ 100 ) .
That might not sound like a lot , but for many families - particularly in rural regions - it 's not affordable , especially at the primary school level .
`` In Delhi alone , the average expenditure on general education has grown three times since 2008 , '' Maria Thomas wrote for Quartz last year .
`` This starts right from the nursery level , with parents spending more money on donations and fees than the cost of degrees at Delhi University and even some management institutes . ''
The lack of government spending is also damaging the education system too .
The 2014 Annual Status of Education report found that nearly 20 percent of grade 2 students , aged seven or eight , did n't recognise the numbers between one and nine .
But by offering an affordable way to get students into schools , Shiksha Kuteer is encouraging education for everyone .
So far , the school has received an overwhelming response , and 700 saplings have been planted across the village over the last year .
`` Shiksha Kuteer has opened in the village for students who are poor and have no money to pay fees , '' local villager , Sevak Das , told Asian News International .
`` Students are being taught in English medium . They are being taught till a certain standard and their guardians have been asked to plant saplings instead of paying fees . ''
This is just one small in a small village in India , but if the approach works , it could be something that other schools look into .
And it ca n't hurt , because every day , air pollution becomes a worsening problem in many parts of India .
Last month , Delhi 's air was so toxic that its schools had to shut down .
While a few trees are n't going to solve that problem any time soon , making families plant and take care of a tree - and replace it if it dies - is a way to encourage positive air-purifying action , as well as helping to educate the next generation .
The international political response to climate change began with the adoption of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) in 1992 , which sets out a framework for action aimed at stabilizing atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases ( GHGs ) to avoid “ dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate system. ” The Convention , which entered into force on 21 March 1994 , now has 195 parties .
In December 1997 , delegates to the third Conference of the Parties ( COP ) in Kyoto , Japan , agreed to a protocol to the UNFCCC that committed industrialized countries and countries in transition to a market economy to achieve emission reduction targets . These countries , known as Annex I parties under the UNFCCC , agreed to reduce their overall emissions of six GHGs by an average of 5 % below 1990 levels in 2008-2012 ( first commitment period ) , with specific targets varying from country to country . The Kyoto Protocol entered into force on 16 February 2005 , and now has 192 parties .
COP 11 created a process to consider long-term cooperation under the Convention through a series of four workshops known as “ the Convention Dialogue . ”
In December 2007 , COP 13 and CMP3 inBali , Indonesia , resulted in agreement on the Bali Roadmap on long-term issues . COP 13 adopted the Bali Action Plan ( BAP ) and established the Ad Hoc Working Group on Long-term Cooperative Action under the Convention ( AWG-LCA ) with a mandate to focus on mitigation , adaptation , finance , technology and a shared vision for long-term cooperative action . Negotiations on Annex I parties ’ further commitments continued under the AWG-KP . The deadline for concluding the two-track negotiations was Copenhagen in 2009 .
The Cancun Agreements also established several new institutions and processes , such as the GCF , which was created and designated as an operating entity of the Convention ’ s financial mechanism .
Under the Protocol track , the CMP urged Annex I parties to raise the level of ambition towards achieving aggregate emission reductions , and adopted Decision 2/CMP.6 on land use , land-use change and forestry . The mandates of the two AWGs were extended for another year .
Parties also agreed to launch the Ad Hoc Working Group on the Durban Platform for Enhanced Action ( ADP ) with a mandate “ to develop a protocol , another legal instrument or an agreed outcome with legal force under the Convention applicable to all Parties. ” The ADP is scheduled to complete these negotiations by 2015 , with the new instrument entering into effect in 2020 . In addition , the ADP was mandated to explore actions to close the pre-2020 ambition gap in relation to the2°C target .
The Abu Dhabi Ascent identified action areas around which elements of the Climate Summit have been organized , including : short-lived climate pollutants ; forests ; agriculture ; cities ; transportation ; resilience , adaptation and disaster risk reduction ; climate finance ; and economic drivers .
A number of major initiatives , coalitions and commitments were announced or launched during the Summit , such as : the adoption of a New York Declaration on Forests , which contains commitments to halve the loss of natural forests by 2020 and strive to end it by 2030 ; a total pledge of US $ 2.3 billion made to the Green Climate Fund ( GCF ) ; the launch of the Global Alliance of Climate-Smart Agriculture ; the announcement by the insurance industry of intention to create a climate risk investment framework by2015 inParis ; and the launch of a new Compact of Mayors .
Transport for London caused fear , shock , panic and dismay at Holborn station back in November when they piloted a new crowd control system that flew in the face of traditional tube travel etiquette .
For three weeks , station staff actively encouraged travellers to stand on both the left and right sides of the escalator , breaking the long-established ‘ stand on the right , walk on the left ’ protocol , in the hope it would increase the number of people ascending .
Analysis from the trial has shown that the rule did indeed help speed up the flow of people , with bottlenecks no longer forming on the right side , and TfL hasn ’ t ruled out further experimentation .
But could commuters really handle such a seismic change ? On an underground network that clocks up some 4.2 million journeys every day , rules and decorum are essential to survival .
With this in mind , we reckon that if we are going to start tweaking the commute rule book , we may as well add a few more while we ’ re at it . Herein lies our definitive list to what not to do on a packed tube carriage .
1 . Starting to get on the tube while passengers are still getting off
Because those two seconds are going to make all the difference ...
2 . Not moving down the aisle
Do n't understand why nobody MOVES down the aisle of the tube when there is space # tubeproblems— Isabella Silvers ( @ izzymks ) January 8 , 2016
3 . Pole-hogging
@ TfL Those posters you did about tube etiquette . Could you do one about pole leaners please ? — James Ross ( @ Sketches2 ) March 12 , 2015
4 . Using leaky headphones
You may be a 43-year-old accountant with a penchant for Shakira ’ s early oeuvre , the rest of your carriage almost definitely is n't .
5 . Not being prepared at the ticket barrier
You knew it was coming .
6 . ‘ Manspreading ’
Nobody needs that much room .
7 . Obstinately keeping your rucksack on
TfL have even gone to the trouble of making a video about this one .
Those dark red spots dotting Olympians ' shoulders and backs are not cigar burns . They 're not perfectly circular hickeys either .
Viewers watching the Olympics this weekend may have spotted the pepperoni-like bruises on athletes and wondered : What is that ?
Olympians at Rio have taken to cupping -- an ancient therapy that have mostly been used in Middle Eastern and Asian countries , especially China .
The therapy consists of having round glass suction cups that are warmed , then placed on sore parts of the body . The placement of the glass cup creates a partial vacuum , which is believed to stimulate muscles and blood flow , while relieving pain .
Michael Phelps , US gymnast Alex Naddour and Belarus swimmer Pavel Sankovich have all posted pictures of their polka dotted limbs and backs .
Sankovich wrote earlier this summer on his Instagram account : `` Cupping is a great recovery tool , '' with a photo of his thighs covered in suction cups . Former Olympic swimmer Natalie Coughlin has also previously posted pictures of herself going through a cupping therapy .
It 's not the first time cupping has made the rounds . Celebrities like Jennifer Aniston , Gwyneth Paltrow and Jessica Simpson have all been spotted with the marks in previous years .
Cupping is not new , it 's ancient
The practice of cupping has been mentioned in ancient Greek and Egyptian texts .
In traditional Chinese medicine , cupping dates back at least 2,000 years , according to a 2012 analysis published in the journal PLOS One . It is believed to restore the flow of `` qi '' -- the life force .
In recent years , cupping therapy has been used for people suffering all sorts of ailments including shingles , facial paralysis , cough and difficulty breathing and acne . But cupping is most commonly used to treat pain , according to the analysis .
One small study on cupping found that the cupping marks generally fade after two to four days .
Olympians like fads , too
Every Olympics seems to have trendy items meant to help athletes , from high-tech swimsuits to the bright kinesio tape that made a scene in the London 2012 games . The tape appears to be back in Rio .
Unlike athletic tape , kinesio tape is thin and pliable , and meant to keep injured joints from bending to prevent further injury . The tape is used to prevent excessive protraction injuries , for example , shoulder problems from activities including playing tennis .
But the scientific evidence on kinesio tape is thin , according to a review published in the journal The Physician and Sportsmedicine . Studies showed that it improved pain and range of motion shortly after the injury , but the tape did n't make a difference in the long run .
Creative types often dream of coming up with the next must-have gadget that will earn them a fortune .
But innovation is n't always something to be celebrated , if these ridiculous inventions are anything to go by .
People have been sharing examples of the most preposterous devices online , from a machine that pets your dog so you can save yourself the trouble to shoes with ready-painted toenails for when you 're feeling lazy .
Others have tried to revolutionise trusty kitchen gadgets such as the pizza cutter with very dubious results , while someone invented a fan that attaches to your chopsticks or cutlery to cool down food that 's too hot .
Fashion is n't safe either with the invention of a tape measure belt that shows how trim or otherwise your waistline is and 'underpants ' for your hands .
Who wants a pet that you ca n't pet ? Apparently thought there 's a market for a device aimed at people who ca n't be bothered to stroke their dogs
In a hurry to eat dinner ? A fan you can attach to your chopsticks will make sure you do n't risk burning your tongue
Too lazy to paint your toenails ? No matter how badly you need a pedicure , it 's doubtful that these shoes are going to make a much better impression
There 'll be no more embarrassing moments in Japanese restaurants with this cutlery-chopstick hybrid
If it ai n't broke ! Most have a pizza cutter in their drawer for a very good reason and those that do n't can just use a knife
Gained at Weight Watchers this week ? Why not advertise your disappointment to the world with a belt that keeps track of your waistline
Phones can now play music , take photos , run countless apps and apparently give you a shave in the mornings
If you 're not limber enough to undo your own bra , perhaps there are bigger concerns to attend to than rushing out to buy this clapping activated device
Do not disturb : This 'screen privacy ' hoodie supposedly blocks unwanted attention but is likely to have the opposite effect
Snack happy ! Ensure you never go hungry with a pouch that allows you to take a slice of pizza everywhere you go
Did n't they get the memo ? When you spend all your time inventing underpants for the hands only to discover that gloves exist , the disappointment much be huge
Waste not a moment ! If you like every second of your life to be non-stop entertainment , then toilet golf is the device for you
Paranoid much ? This device allows you to go through life without touching anything !
Not such a jean-ius idea : Surprisingly these denim flip flop wedges have not been seen on the haute couture catwalk
The G20 summit to be held in the Chinese city of Hangzhou in early September is unlike any previous one : it will be hosted by the largest developing country in the world . But a key question remains : can China succeed in shaking the world 's 20 biggest economies out of their torpor ?
China has high hopes for chairing a successful G20 summit , the country 's biggest diplomatic event of the year . Plenty is already on the table , including a Beijing-led push to upgrade the G20 from a crisis response mechanism to a long-term governance platform .
The economic weight and growing agility of China in managing international affairs , experts say , would prove advantageous in getting things done at the forum , particularly in bringing major industrialized economies as well as emerging markets together to tackle the root causes of faltering global growth .
Long-term governance
The G20 mechanism , as a primary platform for international economic cooperation , has long focused on coordinating monetary and fiscal policies among the world 's top developed and developing nations in response to global financial crises .
But after eight years of slow recovery from the 2008 financial crisis , an urgency can be felt across G20 members for collective action on more fundamental aspects of the global economy .
A highlight of the upcoming summit will be developing a G20 blueprint for innovative growth , which includes a concrete action plan for building a new industrial revolution and the digital economy .
`` It is the first G20 summit with a focus on the long-term impetus of global growth , '' said Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi at a briefing late May .
`` Fiscal and monetary policies can only serve as countercyclical tools that help smooth out volatility in the short term , '' said Professor Zhu Jiejin of Fudan University . `` It 's just like medicine . It may cure an illness , but does not strengthen the health of an economy . ''
Zhu said the consensus on innovation had been a hard-won achievement under the Chinese presidency , especially given the severe market volatility in the first quarter of 2016 .
`` It is not easy for China to stay focused on a long-term agenda when some are calling for short-term stimulus packages , '' Zhu said .
Swiss Finance Minister Ueli Maurer underlined China 's emphasis on fostering innovation and other structural reforms , which , he said , were important to raise productivity and ensure the quality and sustainability of growth .
`` In this respect , the G20 Blueprint on Innovative Growth represents an ambitious agenda toward a new paradigm for growth based on knowledge and on new and cleaner technologies , '' he told Xinhua . `` Many countries have , since the global financial crisis of 2008/09 , relied too heavily on monetary and fiscal easing , ''
Another eye-catching item on the agenda is going to be outlining steps to implement the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development , the first time development is being given priority in a global macro-policy framework .
Huang Wei , a researcher with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , said that `` developed countries can not thrive alone in this increasingly interconnected world . Developed and developing countries need to pool their resources to reverse sagging global growth . ''
Huang noted the systematic nature of implementing the United Nations development goals , which incorporate social and environmental dimensions as well as growth . `` Only with a holistic approach can we solve fundamental problems in the global economy , '' she told Xinhua . `` The G20 used to deal with only specific problems . ''
According to Chen Fengying , a researcher with the China Institute of Contemporary International Relations , the G20 has expanded its main policy goal for strong , sustainable and balanced growth that was laid down at the Pittsburgh summit in 2009 . `` It is not easy for China to host a fruitful summit when there is no apparent crisis , '' she said . `` But China has made an unprecedented contribution to the G20 by charting out a new future . ''
Moreover , amid sluggish trade and weak investment , the G20 under China 's presidency this year opened up a new and more substantive avenue for stimulating growth : a trade ministers meeting to promote international trade and investment .
`` We cracked some real issues , because China took the initiative of setting up the trade and investment working group and put in lots of work , which has been very productive , '' said Rita Teaotia , commerce secretary of the Indian Department of Commerce .
`` From the Hangzhou summit onward , '' said Chen , `` there will be two wheels driving the G20 , with the traditional finance ministers and central bank governors meeting , and the new mechanism of trade ministers ' meeting . ''
This could be one of the biggest breakthroughs at this year 's summit . Many of the long-term structural problems in the global economy have to do with trade and investment , she said .
Shaping the agenda
At this year 's G20 summit , China will also be playing a more prominent role in international affairs .
`` This will be the first time that China hosts a global economic governance summit , unlike chairing regional meetings such as the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation , '' said Chen . `` It is a good opportunity for China to exercise its power in global economics . ''
She explained that because the G20 is an international forum with no secretariat or enforcing agencies , the outcome of the summit is to a large extent determined by the will of the host country .
`` As a big country , China has the influence to push for specific goals , especially when they coincide with the interests of other countries , '' she said , praising China 's concrete action plans in the context of vaguer pledges of past years .
Zhu stressed that China , as the biggest developing country , has the responsibility to promote more balanced governance of the global economy .
`` The birth of the G20 has broken the myth of the G7 and allows for the exploration into diverse paths of growth , '' he said .
According to statistics from the International Monetary Fund , emerging and developing economies are home to 85 percent of the world 's population , accounting for almost 60 percent of global GDP and contributing to more than 80 percent of global growth since the 2008 financial crisis . China alone has contributed 35 percent to global growth in the past five years .
The view of China 's growing role in global economic governance is widely shared .
`` There is probably some means for building new institutions given the rise of Asia and rise of China , '' said Tim Harcourt of the University of New South Wales in Australia . `` I think in some ways the G20 can play that role . ''
China is now in a position to assert its influence in the management of the global economy , according to a report that was released in March by the London-based Chatham House , the Royal Institute of International Affairs . Other countries are ready to learn from China 's experiences in transforming its economy , it added .
Starting June 1 , anyone will be able to purchase domains ending in .sucks , .adult , .porn , and hundreds of other options , with new suffixes released every month . So to protect Taylor Swift 's name and brand , the singer 's team has reportedly already purchased TaylorSwift.porn and TaylorSwift.adult .
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers -- the nonprofit group behind this expansion of generic top-level domains , or gTLDs -- is allowing public figures and companies to get ahead of the game by purchasing domains before they open to the public .
`` For example , Microsoft has already registered Office.porn and Office.adult , '' Stuart Lawley , CEO of ICM Registry , which operates the .porn and .adult top-level domains . `` The same goes for TaylorSwift.porn and TaylorSwift.adult . '' Starting in June , `` It 's first to the buzzer , '' Lawley said .
It 's a smart move for Swift to claim her name before the trolls can , but the pop star has always been business-savvy . She recently trademarked lyrics from her latest album ; beat the paparazzi out of a $ 100,000 payday ; and in a controversial move , pulled all her music from Spotify because `` piracy , file sharing and streaming have shrunk the numbers of paid album sales drastically . ''
But note to Swift 's team : .Sucks is operated by another company , so it 's still available for purchase . The .sucks domains will cost up to $ 2,500 to buy out .
Before he left office , U.S. Sen. Jay Rockefeller told ICANN he thought it was `` little more than a predatory shakedown scheme '' to get businesses to spend big money on defensive domain registrations .
But according to CNN Money , `` [ ICANN ] claims that its program to expand gTLDs will be beneficial for all internet users , because descriptive domains , such as .healthcare , .deals , and .amsterdam , help ensure web users arrive at their intended destination . ''
`` To me it 's very responsible , '' said Steve Miholovich , senior vice president of marketing at Safenames , a domain registrar and advisory firm for websites . According to CNN , he added that `` another benefit to having more descriptive domains is greater parental control over which websites their children visit . Blocking is n't always as easy for .com adult content sites . ''
Animal leather alternatives like Polyurethane and PVC leather may have solved the fashion industry 's animal cruelty problem , but they are not the most environmentally friendly solutions . Piñatex – a new leather-like material made from pineapple leaves – on the other hand , may just be the all-around eco-leather we 've all been waiting for .
Piñatex or `` vegan leather '' is the invention of Dr. Carmen Hijosa and her innovative materials company , Ananas Anam . While working in the Philippines as a consultant to the Product Development and Design Center of the Philippines in the '90s , she discovered the properties of pineapple leaf fibers and dedicated her life to creating sustainable alternatives to leather and petroleum-based textiles . After years of research , Ananas Anam has finally come up with what it believes is a viable alternative to animal leather . It recently showcased the versatility of Piñatex during a presentation held at the Royal College of Art in London , where designers displayed various clothing items and accessories made exclusively from the revolutionary material .
This new vegan leather is made from bonded fibers that are extracted from pineapple leaves on plantations by farmers before they are cut up and layered . These fibers then go through an industrial process that yields the innovative Piñatex textile . The canvas-like materials can then be dyed , printed and treated to give it different thicknesses and types of texture , including leather . The production creates a byproduct of biomass which can be returned to the farmers to be used as fertilizer on their plantations . To produce one square meter of medium thickness Piñatex , 480 pineapple leaves are required . That may seem like a lot , but it 's only the leaves from 16 pineapples , leaves which are otherwise just left to rot in the fields after the pineapples are picked .
Piñatex is still in development , and currently includes a non-biodegradable protective top layer for durability , but Ananas Anam is looking into natural alternatives in the hopes of soon making the material fully bio-degradable . Dr. Hijosa admits that it will take some time before vegan leather becomes market ready , but brands like Puma and Camper have already created sample shoes out of Piñatex , and designer Ally Capellino has turned into fashionable bags , and they all turned out quite well . As for how well items made of Piñatex actually perform in real-life usage conditions , that remains to be seen .
To continue her research and hopefully turn Piñatex into a commercially-viable sustainable alternative to animal leather , Dr Hijosa is currently trying to secure more funding for Ananas Anam , of which she is the majority owner . She is also looking into other possible uses for Piñatex , including anti-bacterial wound bandages , as the material would allow air to circulate to an injury , and insulation for homes .
Have you ever wondered why , on every social occasion , during every outing , Prince George is sporting a fine pair of shorts ?
The young royal is always dressed in short trousers – wherever he is , whatever the weather . The reason as to why is a simple one , and we thought you might like to know .
Etiquette expert William Hanson told Harper 's Bazaar that three-year-old Prince George 's given fashion is stipulated by tradition . And very specific traditions are most often upheld by the 'upper classes ' . They love it .
Hanson explains that `` it 's a very English thing to dress a young boy in shorts , '' and not doing so is `` decidedly suburban '' .
Hanson says : `` Trousers are for older boys and men , whereas shorts on young boys is one of those silent class markers that we have in England . Although times are ( slowly ) changing , a pair of trousers on a young boy is considered quite middle class – quite suburban .
`` And no self-respecting aristo or royal would want to be considered suburban . Even the Duchess of Cambridge . ''
Well , there we have it then . Prince George will be in shorts for the foreseeable future – until eight-years-old , in case you 're wondering , for that 's when it 's deemed appropriate for a boy 's style to be taken to the next stage .
`` The usual custom is that a boy graduates to trousers around eight years old , '' Hanson adds . It 's something that dates back to the 16th century . We wo n't bore you with the historic details .
Ultimately , it 's the nod to a bygone age for the British upper classes , Hanson says . It `` marks them out from 'the rest ' . '' Apparently .
As the battle against the post-festive bulge rages on , many of us are seeking out any extra help we can get with New Year 's resolutions to lose weight .
But can a fragrance really help to curb your appetite and speed you towards your weight loss goals ?
Prends Moi by Velds is the UK ’ s first fragrance to aid weight loss and promises to induce the release of B-endorphins in the skin - triggering a sense of wellbeing , thus reducing the urge to overeat .
Costing £15 , its makers claim the fragrance is designed to ‘ slim with pleasure ’ and is based on 'aromatherapeutic ' and ‘ neurocosmetic ’ research .
Developed by the French perfume house Robertet , its zesty scent comes from a blend of bergamot , mandarin , lilac and ylang ylang .
It also contains active ingredients including Betaphroline , a wild indigo seed extract , which when it comes in to contact with keratinocytes ( cells found in the outer layer of the skin ) will induce the release of B-endorphins present .
This sends a 'pleasure message ' to the brain and the resulting sensation of wellbeing and increased feeling of contentment will supposedly stop you reaching for the biscuit tin to get a feelgood fix .
In addition , it contains a ‘ Slimming Complex ’ formulated with caffeine , carnitine and spirulina extract , which activates the two key enzymes directly involved in lipolysis ( fat degradation ) .
The fragrance 's claims appear to be backed up by science .
A trial study by BIO-EC , the Centre of Biological Research and Cutaneous Experimentation , appears to back up the claims made my Prends Moi .
They carried out a study of women aged between 18 and 70 years of age , who were not on a diet , found that 75 per cent felt the perfume limited the need to snack and 73 per cent felt a feeling of pleasure .
To get the full effect , Prends Moi advises that you generously spritz in the morning , as you would do with any perfume , and throughout the day when the need for snacking arises .
Further results can be achieved by very lightly massaging into targeted areas , morning and night to help sculpt and slim the contours of the body .
When first launched there was a waiting list of more than 6,000 customers but it 's now available to snap up from The Fragrance Shop immediately .
The Made in China 2025 initiative brings equal opportunities to foreign and domestic enterprises and will strengthen the role of the market , the country 's top industry regulator said in response to a suggestion by the European Union Chamber of Commerce in China that the initiative creates uneven playing field .
The initiative , which was designed to promote high-end manufacturing in China , adheres to government-led , market-oriented principles , said Miao Wei , minister of Industry and Information Technology .
`` Foreign and Chinese enterprises will continue to be treated equally . We have never forced foreign companies to transfer technology , '' Miao said at a news conference on the sidelines of the annual plenary session of the National People 's Congress .
The remarks followed a report by the EU business group saying the push to upgrade industry will give Chinese companies an unfair advantage .
Miao rebutted the allegation , saying entry policies in sectors such as new energy vehicles are applicable to both foreign and domestic businesses , and China 's intent is to prevent companies from cheating on government subsidies .
The Made in China 2025 initiative , unveiled in 2015 , came into existence partly because foreign countries ban export to China of certain technologies and products .
Xiang Ligang , a telecom expert and CEO of the telecom industry website cctime.com , said , `` China 's market is so huge that foreign companies can all find a place . The initiative is unleashing big potential that everyone can tap into . ''
When it comes to the shrinking market share of foreign companies in the telecom sector , Xiang said , it is because domestic companies are making steady progress and even outshining their foreign rivals in technology and services .
`` It has nothing to do with government support , '' he said .
Miao also rejected the claim that the government has set market-share targets for domestic products .
`` The targets are not in the government 's plan but in a greenpaper issued by a panel of expert consultants . The panel made it clear from the beginning that such targets are of predictive nature , not mandatory , '' he said .
Fu Liang , an independent analyst , said foreign companies should step up localization efforts to pounce on the opportunity brought by Made in China 2025 initiative .
`` The technology gap is narrowing . Foreign businesses should reconsider their core competency in China , '' he said .
Eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements , a study has claimed .
Researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise , it didn ’ t matter what food was eaten .
Performance remained the same after resting for several hours , while levels of glycogen - used by muscles as ‘ fuel ’ - were actually slightly higher after fast food was eaten as a recovery food .
The research , published in the International Journal of Sport Nutrition and Exercise Metabolism , was led by University of Montana graduate student Michael Cramer .
In the study , 11 male athletes were asked to fast for 12 hours , before a 90-minute endurance workout .
After this , half were fed hot cakes , hash browns and orange juice , followed by a burger , fries and a Coke two hours later .
However , the researchers said that the experiment included a fairly small sample , and the long-term effects on workout recovery of eating fast food over other , healthier sources of food are not known .
Some opt for a candlelit dinner as the perfect setting for a marriage proposal . Others , a romantic trip abroad .
But this amateur pilot took his proposal to new extremes - by using a pretend engine failure to pop the question to his terrified girlfriend , and secretly filming the whole experience .
Anthony Bordignon invited his girlfriend of two years , Katherine Wareham , to come on the plane ride with him - despite her visible misgivings .
To make matters worse for the anxious flyer , her boyfriend decided to stage every flyer 's worst nightmare .
Minutes into the plane ride , Bordigon asks his girlfriend to hand over a checklist , telling her not to panic .
But he does little to reassure her , adding : 'I 'm not getting any response on the controls here ' and then warning her that they may even have to make an emergency landing in a field .
'Verify flight ring is engaged , ' the terrified passenger reads . 'Initiate ring engagement process . Follow steps 11 to 14 . '
When she finally realises its a marriage proposal she shouts : 'I hate you ! ' - before bursting into tears and screaming .
But he tells her to continue reading .
'Will the pilot in command love the passenger forever ? Check . Will you marry the pilot in command ? ' she reads , still sobbing .
Luckily for Bordigon , she accepts his extraordinary proposal , telling him she had no idea it was coming and that he is an idiot .
Since the clip was uploaded earlier this year , it has clocked up over 1.5 million views .
Several people have commented on how romantic the proposal was . Joe B wrote : 'You made an old man smile very big ... Thank you both ! '
But not everyone was convinced that Bordigon 's girlfriend appreciated the way he did it .
'This is forced . She knew if she had said no , he would have thrown her out of the plane . That 's why she is crying , ' claimed Awsome Crafter .
Emoji are being adopted at a faster rate than any other 'language ' - and eight in 10 of us now use the colourful symbols to communicate .
To plot this popularity , a linguistics professor has conducted the first 'Emoji IQ ' study looking at how the pictures are used and by whom .
And she has created an online test to determine how well you know your 'confused ' face from your 'angry ' face to determine if you 're an emoji master .
The test contains 10 questions that ask users to identify the meaning of certain symbols , and how they would write sentences using emoji .
At the end of the test they are given a percentage score - rather than an IQ score as the test 's name suggests - and the aim is to be an Emoji Master with a perfect score .
According to the study , four in 10 people send messages made up entirely of emoji and 18 to 25-year-olds find it easier to express emotions using the symbols .
More than half of this group admitted emoji has improved their ability to interact with others .
But for the over 40s the language is lost in translation .
More than half ( 54 per cent ) admitted to being confused about what the symbols mean , while a third claimed to have avoided using emoji in text , instant messaging and apps because they lacked the confidence to use them appropriately .
TalkTalk Mobile teamed up with Vyv Evans , linguistics professor at Bangor University to launch the study and improve understanding of emoji with the 'Emoji IQ ' tutorial .
'Emoji is the fastest growing form of language ever based on its incredible adoption rate and speed of evolution , ' said Professor Evans .
'As a visual language emoji has already far eclipsed hieroglyphics , its ancient Egyptian precursor which took centuries to develop . '
An Austrian 85-year-old cut up into tiny pieces almost a million euros ( $ 1.1 million ) in an apparent attempt to spite her heirs , authorities said Thursday .
After the woman died in a retirement home , the 950,000 euros as well as savings accounts books were found shredded on her bed , prosecutors said .
State prosecutor Erich Habitzl confirmed the discovery -- first reported in the Kurier daily -- but said that there was nothing he could do for the relatives .
`` The damage of the money in the woman 's property is not a criminal matter , so we have not begun any investigation , '' Habitzl told AFP .
Kurier reported however that the woman 's surviving family will have the last laugh , with Austria 's central bank ( OeNB ) saying it will replace all the cash .
`` If the heirs can only find shreds of money and if the origin of the money is assured , then of course it can all be replaced , '' Friedrich Hammerschmidt , deputy head of the OeNB cashier division , told Kurier .
`` If we did n't pay out the money then we would be punishing the wrong people . ''
When you 've got to go , but you 're out there in space , zipped up in a spacesuit , with no toilet in sight and a crew of other astronauts around , what do you do ?
NASA has launched a contest for inventors to solve this uncomfortable issue , and promises to award $ 30,000 to the best `` space poop '' solutions .
Inventors have until December 20 to submit designs for a personalized waste-wicking system that will handle everything , hands-free , for a period of up to six days .
`` The old standby solution consisted of diapers , '' said the description of contest details at www.herox.com/SpacePoop .
`` However , the diaper is only a very temporary solution , and doesn ’ t provide a healthy/protective option longer than one day . ''
Sometimes , astronauts have to wait even longer . The two men and one woman who packed themselves into a Russian Soyuz space capsule last week had to wait two full days between launching from Kazakhstan and arriving at the International Space Station .
The Soyuz is equipped with a portable toilet , which looks like an air-powered pee jug .
On future missions to deep space destinations like an asteroid or Mars , NASA suspects it could take up to 144 hours , or six days , to get to a proper toilet .
In emergency situations , astronauts may need to zip themselves into a fully pressurized , bulky orange spacesuit , complete with helmet and gloves .
`` While sealed , it is impossible for an astronaut to access their own body , even to scratch their nose , '' NASA said .
That 's where the inventors come in . Astronauts need some way to clear away urine , fecal matter and menstrual blood efficiently , or they risk infection .
The problem is that in weightlessness , fluids can blob up and stick to surfaces , while solids float in the air .
`` You do n't want any of these solids and fluids stuck to your body for six days , '' NASA said , recalling how easy babies can get diaper rash .
Currently , while at the International Space Station , astronauts use a toilet contraption that includes a vacuum and a tube to help evacuate fecal matter .
To urinate , they use a funnel attached to a hose that can be adapted for a sitting or standing position , and uses air to move urine away .
NASA vowed to award up to three $ 30,000 prizes for the most promising in-suit waste management systems .
The goal is to test them within a year and fully implement them within three years .
NASA says the first human missions to Mars could take place by the 2030s .
A primary school is grading parents on how much they support their children , it has emerged .
Parents of pupils at Greasley Beauvale primary school , in Newthorpe , Notts , are marked from A to D based on their involvement with their children ’ s education .
The system is intended to improve the children 's performance at school by encouraging their mothers and fathers to attend events , such as parents ’ evenings and plays , and help with learning at home .
It has been in place since 2011 and has become public knowledge thanks to an Ofsted report earlier this month which commended the school for its “ startling ” results .
“ For many children at this school , it is making a huge difference , ” wrote Sir Michael Wilshaw , head of Ofsted , assessing Nottinghamshire schools in his final annual report .
He said that children of parents in groups A and B make significantly better progress than those whose parents are in groups C and D , but that the system ensures less-engaged parents are productively supported by the school .
“ Telling a parent what the impact their lack of engagement is having on the life chances of their child is not easy , ” wrote Sir Michael . “ But for many children at this school , it is making a huge difference . ”
Not all parents are enamoured of being graded . “ They ’ ll have us all wearing dunce ’ s hats next , ” said a mother-of-one , who did not wish to be named . “ It ’ s absolutely ludicrous . ”
She said that “ it ’ s one thing when your child gets a bad grade , but now they openly embarrass their parents too . ”
Another mother , who argued that the move had unfairly shifted responsibility from teachers to parents , said : “ I thought I was past the dreaded school report , but trust parents to bring it back .
“ I try not to take notice of it , but it really irritates me that they are sat in the staff room judging us all and giving us marks too .
“ Those parents who work nine to five wo n't have time to have as much input as , say , stay-at-home mums who have the time to contribute more and go to more school events . ”
But Pat Walker , 63 , whose eight-year-old granddaughter attends the school , supports the scheme .
She said : `` I think it 's very beneficial to the pupils and the parents and the grandparents as well . ”
Bullet points , question marks , underlining and a couple of impressive looking equations .
These are the methods used by one cheeky office worker to appear engaged in front of his boss during a mundane meeting .
The bored employee uploaded a copy of the hilarious handwritten notes he took during a conference to Reddit on Wednesday so others could learn how simple it is to fool you employer into thinking you 're a productive member of staff .
'Pretend to pay attention and look like you ’ re writing important things even though it ’ s all BS , ' he scrawled on a note pad .
'Indentation and bullet points are always a nice touch , ' he added .
After sitting and listening for another ten minutes , the officer worker jotted down some numbers and equations so it appeared he was paying close attention .
He had several other pointers about how underlining , using question marks and drawing arrows made your notes look legitimate from afar .
His last piece of advice was to make sure you jam some writing into the margins to 'avoided having to fill up more than one page ' .
'I ca n't wait until working in traditional offices are a thing of the past and working remotely from my bed becomes standard , ' the man added .
Reddit users were quick to draw comparisons to their own 'waste of time ' meetings , while others said the man should have used his time to be more productive .
'Seriously , I do n't know how many `` mandatory '' meetings I have that are better suited to be email or on the company messenger , ' one user wrote .
'I did that once too ! Wrote something like `` just writing things down so it looks like I 'm paying attention '' . I still have the notebook at work , ' commented another .
The writer of another note , obtained by Daily Mail Australia , appears to have taken the man 's advice , using dot points to jot down what a waste of time his hour and a half meeting was .
'Projector not working – standard . Good start . '
'No one is listening to you mate ... . bla bla bla , ' he wrote .
He then took down the date of a quality audit with a short reminder to 'chuck a sickie ' that day .
'That ’ s it . Great . 1.5 hours gone , ' he wrote , marking the end of the meeting .
'Oh yeah , 10 minutes still waiting for directors to arrive . '
'No worries , plenty of time , got nothing else to do , ' he wrote .
He slammed one man for his 'boring ' contribution , asking 'how does this relate to my project ? '
'Wow this guy is putting people to sleep . Seriously . ' he said , adding that he was the only one in the meeting who bothered to take notes .
If you 're looking for a mate with a good sense of humour , their ability to tell a joke may be less important than you think .
For scientists say that whether we laugh or not depends more on how much we like a person than if they really are funny .
Sophie Scott , a professor of neuroscience at University College London , said : 'You hear women say , I really fancy him , he really makes me laugh .
'What she means is , he 's really attractive and I laugh because I fancy him . It 's to do with how much they like him . '
She told the British Science Festival in Bradford that laughter seems to have its roots deep in evolution , and remains 'extremely socially important ' .
'When you laugh with people you show you agree with them , ' she said . 'You are showing you like them – if you did n't you would withhold that laughter . '
Laughter can also diffuse tension in established relationships , with couples who laugh together , staying together .
The professor ’ s own research found that laughter , unlike the sweet sigh of contentment or the cheer of triumph , are cross-cultural , with people with remote parts of Africa recognising when a Westerner is amused and vice versa .
She said : 'It 's looking like laughter might be an emotion that is part of our evolutionary history , it 's part of our make-up . '
Laughter , it seems , helps us in all sorts of situations .
Professor Scott said : 'It seems to be a socially extremely important emotion .
'It is an emotion you primarily find in social settings - you are 30 times more likely to laugh if you are with somebody else than if you are on your own .
'And you will laugh more if you know them and you will laugh more if you like them .
'If you ask human beings when do you laugh , they talk about jokes and they talk about comedy and humour .
'If you look at when they laugh , it 's in the interactions that you find the most laughter , which means that in practice that you laugh most during conversations with other people .
'Interestingly , you are still very rarely laughing at jokes . '
The professor advises us all to make time to laugh .
She said that while some people go to comedy clubs or even do laughter yoga – the term for a self-help group in which people force themselves to laugh – nothing beats having a good giggle with your friends .
Professor Scott said : 'At its heart , the natural place where you find laughter is in interactions , so I would say give yourself as many opportunities to laugh with the people who make you laugh .
'Do n't think that is time wasted , it is probably one of the best things you can do with your time . '
Thousands of women across the world marched in protest Saturday against new US President Donald Trump .
In more than 600 marches held all over the globe , they carried signs with messages such as 'Women wo n't back down ' and 'Less fear more love ' as they decried Trump 's stand on such issues as abortion , diversity and climate change .
But others preferred to use a sense of humour to express their feelings , bearing hilarious signs mocking the 45th President .
Here is a selection of the boldest placards from the Trump protests .
London : Somebody held up a sign mocking the way Trump speaks in public .
'Now I just call them stupid . I went to an Ivy League school . I ’ m very highly educated . I know words , I have the best words… but there is no better word than stupid . Right ? '
`` I 'm going to cut taxes bigly , but you are going to raise taxes bigly . ''
London : This woman held a sign mocking Trump 's past 'joke ' that his fame allowed him to grab women by the p***y .
London : A woman held a sign saying 'down with this sort of thing ' and arrow pointing to Trump .
St. Paul , Minnesota : This woman preferred to pick on Trump 's physical flaws , making fun of his tiny hands .
One protester held up a sign reading ' # FreeMelania ' in a swipe at the President 's third marriage .
Remember when he glanced to check ... # FreeMelania
Washington : One woman held a sign reading : 'build the wall ... around Trump . '
London : This woman said she 'would n't p**s on Trump if he were on fire . '
London : This protester made her feelings know to all with the simple words : 'I am very upset . '
Los Angeles : One animal rights activist wore leopard print trousers held a sign with pictures of 'Trump 's son ' .
Cardiff : Singer Charlotte Church held a sign reading : 'I did n't come from your rib , you came from my vagina . '
London : This woman wrote 'shut up Trump and make me a sandwhich . '
It didn ’ t take long for the Brazilians to rewrite the norms of Olympic fandom .
The list of Olympic participants targeted by Brazilian boos is long and varied : Russians , due to its doping scandal ; Spaniards , as symbols of Latin American colonialism ; a tennis ball boy who had butterfingers ; favorites—like the poor Romanian women ’ s handball team—when they played the underdogs ; and , of course , anyone from Brazil ’ s historic rival Argentina , who probably get the worst of it .
Pole vaulter Renaud Lavillenie was booed by the Rio fans—twice in 24 hours—to the point he was in floods of tears on the podium , leading the International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach to take the unprecedented step of saying the crowd ’ s antics were “ unacceptable at the Olympics . ”
The fans were so boisterous at a beach volleyball game between the Brazilian and Czech teams that the public address announcer had to repeatedly admonish them against booing the visitors . A normally staid air-pistol event almost turned into a melee when unruly Brazilian fans tried rattling the concentration of foreigners as they pulled the trigger .
At a tennis match where fans heckled the player from Argentina , there was a scuffle in the stands ( link in Spanish ) —perhaps the first ever case of tennis hooliganism .
In London four years ago , the British fans got behind not only their own country , but every other in the spirit of sportsmanship . Alberto Murray Neto , a Brazilian lawyer who has served in the past on the Brazilian Olympic Committee , says that as Brazilian soccer dominated the sporting culture here , mastering the codes of other sports will be a learning process for many people who have never seen them played . “ This is the Brazilian way , which is different from the very proper English way in 2012 , ” he says .
At the Riocentro sports complex on Friday night ( Aug. 12 ) , the fans were as much the talk of foreign tourists and athletes as the Games themselves . Marian Busch , a German tourist , said Brazilians are wonderful people—as long as you don ’ t run into them in the bleachers . “ They do things that would be considered unfair and unsporting in Europe , ” she says .
While the weightlifters were pictures of concentration as they crouched over their bars , the low roar from the stands never diminished . The seemingly oblivious Brazilian rooters were shooting selfies , gobbling up concession stand snacks and engaging unashamedly in public displays of affection . At one point , when the noise seemed to be distracting a Ukrainian lifter , a group of Ukrainian fans , who looked as pumped up as some of the participants , brusquely told some nearby Brazilians to knock it off .
In another arena , Australia and Malaysia were doing battle in badminton . For reasons that weren ’ t clear , a large contingent of Brazilians had adopted the Australian cause that night—more loudly than the Aussies themselves .
Sometimes , the fans just seemed to make noise for its own sake . At one point during a ping-pong event , a cheer went up incongruously in the middle of a long volley . It turned out fans were applauding a slender fellow in a track suit who happened to be sauntering past the bleachers .
‘ Need to vent ’
Olympic organizers have already asked the crowd to rein it in . “ We ’ ll ask the fans for more silence and elegance during the competitions , ” Rio Olympics spokesman Mario Andrada said last week . “ The passion of the Brazilian fans pleases us all , but it ’ s necessary to respect the adversary . The Olympics aren ’ t fútbol games . ”
Besides the tradition of soccer , the unruly behavior may have something to do with the hard times Brazilians are currently enduring , sports sociologist Mauricio Murad told Quartz . With Brazil ’ s president facing impeachment while the country endures its worst economic crisis since the Great Depression , the scream coming from the bleachers is a primal one , Murad says . “ Brazilians need to vent right now , and I think that ’ s what we ’ re seeing in the stands at the Olympics , ” he said .
The bad behavior in the bleachers is also a consequence of Brazilians ’ relatively limited interaction with the rest of the world historically , said Ronaldo Lemos , director of the Institute for Technology and Society in Rio de Janeiro . “ The issue here is that Brazil is basically a very closed and insular country , ” he said . “ Brazilians do not live on a day-to-day basis with international people . ”
Having not traveled very much , he added , Brazilians may believe that their own manners are “ universal. ” That is , this is how everyone behaves .
Columnist Marcos Sergio Silva wrote that the conduct of fans also reflects the tendency of Brazilians to turn every event into a morality play along the lines of a telenovela , or soap opera . “ At bottom , we ’ re Manichean in the extreme and we always need to select villains , ” he wrote .
The German tennis player Dustin Brown , who was getting booed while competing against Brazilian Thomaz Bellucci , actually seemed to relish the villain ’ s role , egging the hostile crowd on . Chinese table tennis player Zhang Jike put his index finger to his lips to quiet the fans .
Of course , that only made the jeering worse .
Nokia is going to bring back the historic 3310 in the biggest tech comeback of all time . A homage to the Finnish giant 's classic feature phone will reportedly be released later this month when HMD unveils its new range of Nokia branded devices at Mobile World Congress .
The Nokia 3310 , which was first released in 2000 , was beloved for a days-long battery life , ability to withstand great falls , and the classic game Snake .
The nostalgia-inducing phone , which hasn ’ t been available for some years , will probably get a refresh , although it is not entirely clear how modernised it will be .
The updated Nokia 3310 will cost €59 ( £50 ) , according to Venture Beat , and is designed to be a second phone .
There are few details about the new phone 's features and how it will work . The original Nokia 3310 could make calls and send text messages , but did n't have a camera and could n't connect to the internet . But it was renowned for being indestructible and having a seemingly endless battery life .
It is not clear if the contemporary `` homage '' to the 3310 will introduce some of the more expected features of phones such as internet connection and apps .
HMD , the Finnish startup which secured a 10-year deal to create phones under the Nokia brand , will unveil its first range of smartphones on February 26 . As well as the updated 3310 it is expected to release a range of low-end Android smartphones . These have been designed to be recognisable as Nokia devices and `` take the clutter away '' , HMD said .
Its first phone was the Nokia 6 , which was released in China at the beginning of this year .
While the 3310 isn ’ t Nokia ’ s best selling phone of all time , it is one of the most iconic . It sold more than 126 million units and its sturdy design meant many first time phone owners kept it for years .
Do n't get mad , get your opponent to surrender voluntarily : when Mrs Wang discovered her husband had been cheating on her for several years , she called in an elite team of Chinese `` mistress hunters '' .
Rather than seek a divorce -- which could have hit her social and financial standing -- she hired a specialist to earn the other woman 's trust , and then persuaded her to end the extra-marital relationship .
It was a longstanding affair , but once the mistress hunters were called in , it was over within two months .
Wang said she paid between 400,000 and 500,000 yuan ( $ 60,000- $ 75,000 ) for the service .
`` I think it was worth it , I ’ m satisfied , '' she added . So much so , she is now thinking of becoming a hunter herself .
`` That way I can help women protect their families and their rights , '' she explained .
The company Wang used , Weiqing -- or `` protector of feelings '' -- has 59 offices across the country , and offers free legal advice and lectures .
Its founder Shu Xin said he has 300 agents at his command .
`` My goal is to prevent divorces , '' he told reporters at his upmarket Beijing headquarters . `` Every year we save some 5,000 couples . ''
-- Learn the ropes --
The mistress hunters are mostly women and are all psychology , sociology or law graduates .
They spend three years learning the ropes before being sent out into the field , where they pose as neighbours , cleaners or even babysitters .
Ming Li , 47 , has been doing the job for three years . `` I ’ m older than these mistresses , in general , so they listen to me , '' she said .
`` If the mistress goes to a park , to the supermarket or to work , I ’ ll happen to meet her . And even if she is a stay-at-home sort of person , I can claim I ’ ve got a leak in my apartment and ask for her help , '' she told reporters . `` We always find a way to initiate contact .
`` One time , I pretended to be a fortune teller , and the mistress asked me to tell hers . Obviously , I already knew all about her from the wife , so it was easy to leave her dumbfounded and exhort her to leave the husband . It was one of our most quickly resolved cases . ''
- 'Being unfaithful is easy ' -
Chinese divorce rates have surged from 1.59 per 1,000 people in 2007 to 2.67 in 2014 , according to the most recently available civil affairs ministry figures -- far higher than in Europe , with France at 1.9 and Italy at just 0.9 .
In Beijing , official statistics show 73,000 couples divorced in 2015 -- almost three times the number nine years previously .
`` The reasons ? The liberalisation of morals , tensions related to differences between the husband 's and the wife 's income , incompatible personalities , '' said Zhu Ruilei , a divorce attorney at Beijing-based law firm Yingke . `` But also the desire to pursue personal dreams is stronger than it used it be . ''
According to a study by dating site Baihe.com , at least one party has been unfaithful in half of Chinese first marriages .
The survey found that more than 21 percent of first time husbands have had a mistress , and a similar number -- 20 percent -- of wives have had a lover . In nearly nine percent of first marriages , both partners have cheated .
`` Today being unfaithful has become easy , especially with the internet , '' said Pan Xingshi , who runs an online advice company , referring to the popularity of Tantan , China 's equivalent of Tinder .
But mistresses are still poorly regarded in the country , where having children out of wedlock remains socially taboo . They are known as `` xiaosan '' , a derogatory term meaning a third person of lower rank than a wife .
Sometimes they fall victim to violent vigilantism .
In June , a video went viral showing a naked girl being attacked by a group of women . She was suspected of being the mistress of one of the women 's husbands .
Website uses an algorithm to predict when you will find The One ( or whether you 're destined to stay single ) .
It 's a dilemma that many young couples will relate to - whether to stay in their relationship , settle down , or keep their options open by playing the field .
And now a new personality test claims to have found the answer , in the form of a complicated algorithm based on science , data , and a very detailed questionnaire .
Nanaya.co was set up by Rashied Amini , a former NASA systems engineer from Saint Louis , Missouri , in a bid to prove to his then-girlfriend that they should stay together .
Although the pair eventually went their separate ways , Rashied insists that his method can predict your chances of finding your soulmate , when you should settle down , and even how happy you will be in a future relationship .
The findings are based on a variety of factors , from your values , future goals and deal-breakers in a relationship , to your personal experiences of being single .
It also compares your responses to data from the 22,000 other users who have apparently already filled in the questionnaire , to make the results as accurate as possible .
Rashied says the site is aimed at people in their 20s or 30s who are wondering whether they 'd be happier being single or committing to a long-term relationship .
The 20-minute questionnaire covers everything from your friends and social life to your job , annual salary , and how many times a year you go travelling . It asks what you look for - and try to avoid - in a potential partner , whether that 's their religion or dietary requirements .
Broken up into four sections - you , your match , your life , and final questions - it requires more than 100 responses , including your favourite animal out of a cat , dog , shrimp and monkey .
But can an algorithm really predict your future happiness ? Three FEMAIL writers put it to the test ...
Aimee Brannen , 31 , from north London , who has been with her boyfriend for two years was told she 's better suited to short-term romances
She said : 'It told me that I was more `` romantically captivating '' than most women , which apparently means I 'm better suited to short-term romances , ' said Aimee .
'However , confusingly , it also said that I 'd be better at sustaining relationships than the average woman .
'It suggested I branch out and make new friends , and told me that my chances of happiness being single would peak at around 35 before plateauing , while my happiness being in a relationship would get better as I enter my 40s .
'Although I 'm in a happy relationship now , I always expected to be settled down by the time I was 35 so the predictions are more or less in line with my future plans . '
Sarah Barns , 26 , from east London , has been in a relationship for four years but was told she might struggle to foster long term relationships .
'It said I would n't be good at fostering a long-term relationship '
Barns has been with her boyfriend for four years . 'The results suggested that other women may be better at fostering long-term relationships than me , ' she said .
'It also said that I 'm `` less picky '' than other women , which might be because I said I was n't bothered about what job or religion a potential partner followed .
'It did say that my odds of finding a compatible partner are higher than for most women which was heartening , but that might just have been because I said I was n't fussy !
'Apparently my `` most compatible groups '' are New Mexico , Germany and Africa , which is strange as I don ’ t regularly go to those places . '
Overall , Sarah was n't convinced by how accurate the results were , in particular the suggestion that she might struggle to foster a long-term relationship . '
Siofra Brennan , 33 , from east London , is engaged but Nanaya says she has a 30 per cent likelihood of meeting her perfect man
She said : The test doesn ’ t give a particularly positive outlook for my future .
'I ’ m 33 years old and it reckons that even in two years ' time the chances of me finding a good match through my travels , workplace , city and friendship circle are just over zero per cent .
'It doesn ’ t seem to think I will find a good match until the age of 39 , and even then my chances are only 50/50 .
'I think the test seems quite flawed as it asks your relationship status , but then seems to base its findings on your future romantic possibilities rather than taking into account where you ’ re at in your life right now . '
A Chinese man who was separated from his parents as a child has found his family thanks to an online facial recognition system .
Fu Gui , 33 , was re-connected with his birth parents after using 'Baby Come Home ' , a Chinese website that helps people find their missing children .
The website employs a facial recognition system which matches the portraits submitted by parents who are looking for their missing children and people who are trying to find their parents .
This is the first time in China a missing child and their parents have been re-connected with the help of facial recognition technology .
The cutting-edge artificial intelligence ( AI ) technology was developed by Baidu , and has been used by 'Baby Come Home ' .
The system was launched on 'Baby Come Home ' in March and contains thousands of pictures of missing children across the country .
According to a report on Huanqiu.com , Fu Gui 's father , Fu Guangyou , and his family members had not stopped looking for him in the past 27 years .
As his father recalled , Fu Gui was born in Chongqing in 1984 and went missing in 1990 .
In a bid to find his son , the man uploaded Fu Gui 's information to 'Baby Come Home ' and attached a picture of Fu Gui when he was little .
In 2009 , Fu Gui , who was also looking for his family , registered on the same website and uploaded a childhood picture of himself .
The man had been renamed Hu Kui by his adoptive parents .
On his profile , Fu Gui stated that he was born in 1986 and he was separated from his parents in 1991 .
Initially , 'Baby Come Home ' failed to match the two parties due to the different information that had been put in .
However , Fu Gui and his family 's fate was changed after 'Baby Come Home ' started using Baidu 's facial recognition technology .
With the help of Baidu 's AI technology , 'Baby Come Home ' is able to quickly analyse the 60,000 pictures in its database .
Using the system , the system would first compare the faces in the target and source images , then chooses 30 profiles that best fit the descriptions .
In Fu Gui 's case , his childhood picture was chosen by the system to be one of the 30 that looked most like Hu Kui .
'The first look we had on Fu Gui 's profile , we had a feeling that it might be him . Not only did they look alike in pictures , their names are also quite similar , ' said one of the staff at 'Baby Come Home ' .
A DNA test was carried out to compare Fu Gui 's biological information with his parents . The test confirmed that the two parties were a match .
The re-connection of the Fu Gui and his parents marked the first case in China for a missing child and their family to be matched with the help of facial recognition technology .
Students in Finland won ’ t have to study subjects . Soon , their classrooms would resemble conferences where “ topics ” are discussed .
The education system is Finland is about to undergo a radical and fundamental change , despite enjoying the distinction of being one of the best in the world . The education department has decided to scrap the eons-old method of “ teaching by subject. ” Instead , the country will now involve the children to help them learn and question by evolving to “ teaching by topic ” , shared Liisa Pohjolainen , who is in charge of youth and adult education in Helsinki – the capital city at the forefront of the reform program , “ This is going to be a big change in education in Finland that we ’ re just beginning . ”
The education system , though appearing to be radical , is quite logical , explained Pasi Silander , the city ’ s development manager , “ What we need now is a different kind of education to prepare people for working life . Young people use quite advanced computers . In the past the banks had lots of bank clerks totting up figures but now that has totally changed . We therefore have to make the changes in education that are necessary for industry and modern society . ”
How does Finland plan to implement the method of teaching by topic ? Evidently holistic vocational training and cumulative skill development take up precedence over “ lessons. ” Those in their late teens are already being engaged in what Finland refers to as “ phenomenon teaching ” – or teaching by topic . For example , “ cafeteria services ” lessons will include elements of finance , languages ( to help serve foreign customers ) , writing skills and communication skills .
Students will slowly be taught cross-subject topics which would have varying elements of multiple “ subjects. ” These elements will vary as per the “ topic ” or “ skill ” the student is learning . Apart from the same , students will move away from the traditional sitting and evaluation techniques as well .
Students will sit in smaller groups and work collectively to solve problems , all the while improving upon their communication skills . They won ’ t be made to sit in rows and asked questions individually to assess their progress . Instead , a group whose collaborative efforts bring out results faster will be promoted .
The education system needs a thorough overhaul , owing to the fact that traditional teaching techniques were based on primitive tools that were quite limited in availability and accessibility . With modern world being extensively connected , isn ’ t it time the students learn how to step ahead of mere fact-based learning that promotes memory expansion rather than mental development ?
France voted to punish anyone who 'incites ' people to become dangerously thin with prison and huge fines .
In a drastic step which will be studied closely in Britain , MPs particularly highlighted the irresponsibility of fashion websites which encourage women to keep their weight as low as possible .
Now these ‘ pro-anorexia ’ sites will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over £7,000 .
Deputies in the National Assembly in Paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health and it is expected to be rubber-stamped by the Senate .
It singled out those who 'provoke people to excessive thinness by encouraging prolonged dietary restrictions that could expose them to a danger of death , or directly impair their health . '
Around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in France , the vast majority women and teenage girls .
Maud Olivier and Catherine Coutelle , the MPs who proposed the law , said in a joint statement that 'certain sites known as pro-Ana can push people into a vicious circle of anorexia and authorities can not do anything about it . '
They said the new law was not designed to threaten 'freedom of expression on the Internet ' , but was a long overdue health reform .
Anorexia has one of the highest mortality rates of a psychiatric disorder and is extremely difficult to treat .
In March , MPs in France rejected a proposal that would have seen ultra-slim models banned from the fashion runways .
However , the MP behind the planned law has vowed the fight is not over .
At the time , Olivier Veran said : 'I believe that models should eat well and look after their health .
'This is an important message to young women who see these models as an aesthetic example ' .
He also proposed a new law that punish the 'glorification of anorexia ' , especially online .
France 's National Union of Modelling Agencies ( SYNAM ) , has complained that new laws could harm the competitiveness of French modelling .
A SYNAM statement read : 'French modelling agencies are in permanent competition with their European counterparts . As a result , a European approach is needed . '
The French legislation comes after countries including Spain , Italy and Brazil have all clamped down on skinny models at catwalk shows .
Spain has barred models below a certain body mass index from the Madrid fashion shows , while Italy has insisted on health certificates for fashion show participants . And Brazil is considering demands to ban underage , underweight models from its catwalks .
And Brazil is considering demands to ban underage , underweight models from its catwalks .
Medical experts around the world have warned against the dangers of ultra-skinny catwalk models , and images airbrushed to make girls look thinner , which they say encourage anorexia in girls as young as six .
Fashion guru Giorgio Armani said recently that the fashion industry had a duty to 'work together against anorexia ' .
He added : `` The industry has to recognise the link between its preference for abnormally thin models and the growth in eating disorders among young women . '
Tom Daley has married his American sweetheart , just days after tweeting a picture of himself in hospital .
The Olympic diver wed fiance Dustin Lance Black over the weekend at an intimate civil partnership ceremony at a lavish golf resort in Dartmoor national park , the Sun on Sunday said .
Daley , 22 , was said to have re-enacted the balcony scene from Shakespeare 's Romeo and Juliet , calling Black , who is 20 years his senior , his Romeo .
On Thursday he concerned fans by sharing a picture of himself in a hospital bed , raising a mug while lying in a hospital gown .
The two-time Olympic medallist , 22 , wrote :
Daley , who made no reference to what caused the hospital admission , was greeted with warm words of support from fans .
The athlete came out to fans in a YouTube video posted in December 2013 , saying his `` whole world changed '' when he fell in love with a man .
He and Black revealed their engagement with a traditional wedding announcement in The Times in October 2015 .
The quest of finding the world 's most famous athlete started off from a question asked by ESPN 's Director of Sports Analytics Ben Alamar . They devised a formula to which consolidates the salary and endorsement deals with social media following and Google search fame to find the answer to Alamar 's question . Lo and behold , football 's Cristiano Ronaldo bagged the No . 1 spot at ESPN 's List Of 100 Most Famous Athletes in the world .
ESPN kicked off the creation its list of 100 Most Famous Athletes through statistical analysis of all the athletes in the world . ESPN cited Forbes ' 100 highest-paid athletes list to sought input about the athletes ' salary , winnings and endorsement dealings . Then their social media following on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram were combined along with Google search popularity to make a comparative ranking methodology , ESPN reported .
The figures for salary and endorsement came from the 2015 to 16 seasons . ESPN researchers compiled their endorsement data . NFL salary figures consider only the previous season 's salary with any added bonuses paid out in 2015 . However , researchers do not match the salary-cap figures for 2016 . Meanwhile , the number of followers from Facebook , Twitter and Instagram were cut-off until May 12 , 2016 . On a scale of 0 to 100 , Google Trend scores measure the relative popularity of players based on how often their names are searched , ESPN added .
The new rankings do not totally match the version published in the ESPN The Magazine issued on May 9 because many additions to the list were completed after the publication deadline . Below is the Top 10 and the link to List Of 100 Most Famous Athletes .
Actor Tom Hiddleston has apologised for his much-criticised acceptance speech at the Golden Globe awards , admitting it was `` inelegantly expressed '' .
`` I was very nervous and my words just came out wrong , '' he wrote on Facebook .
The Night Manager star drew censure on social media for a speech in which he referred to aid workers in South Sudan `` binge-watching '' the programme .
The British actor said that his `` only intention '' had been `` to salute ( their ) incredible bravery and courage . ''
`` I apologise that my nerves got the better of me , '' his post continued .
Hiddleston won his first Golden Globe on Sunday - for best performance by an actor in a mini-series or TV movie - for his role in the BBC 's adaptation of John le Carre 's novel about a hotel manager involved in arms smuggling .
After thanking his co-stars and the show 's director , he told `` a quick story '' about a recent visit to `` the youngest country in the world '' .
`` One night ... a group of doctors and nurses wanted to say hello ... because they had binge-watched The Night Manager , '' he continued .
`` The idea that we could provide some relief and entertainment for the people who ... are fixing the world in the places it is broken made me immensely proud . ''
West Wing star Joshua Malina was among those to take issue with the speech , which drew a mixed response from the Golden Globes audience .
`` Thank you to Tom Hiddleston and all actors who dare to perform in projects that are shown in some of the most dangerous parts of the world , '' he tweeted .
`` That was a long story Tom Hiddleston told to pay himself a compliment , '' wrote the writer and producer Gary Janetti .
Other commentators drew attention to the neutral expressions of actors Naomie Harris and Christian Slater during Hiddleston 's address .
Yet his words drew a warmer response from the World Food Programme , who said it felt `` honoured '' to have been given a mention .
Attention wearers of skinny jeans : do n't squat — at least not for long .
Doctors in Australia report that a 35-year-old woman was hospitalized for four days after experiencing muscle damage , swelling , and nerve blockages in her legs after squatting for several hours while wearing tight-fitting denims .
`` We were surprised that this patient had such severe damage to her nerves and muscles , '' said Dr. Thomas Kimber of the Royal Adelaide Hospital in Australia , in an email .
The patient , who was not identified , spent most of the previous day helping someone move , squatting for long periods while emptying cupboards . Clad in skinny jeans , the woman said they felt increasingly tight and her feet were numb as she walked home , making her trip and fall . Unable to get up , she spent several hours stranded outside before getting to the hospital . Kimber and colleagues published a report about the case online Monday in the Journal of Neurology , Neurosurgery and Psychiatry .
Kimber said tight jeans have previously been reported to cause nerve lesions in the groin but not the kind of nerve problems in the lower leg and severe muscle damage they saw . He said squatting compressed the nerves in the lower leg , reducing the blood supply to the calf muscles and that the skinny jeans worsened the problem .
After being treated for four days — and having her jeans cut off — the woman still had some weakness in her legs but walked out of the hospital and later recovered fully . Kimber does n't know if the woman still wears skinny jeans but warned her against the dangers of squatting in them .
`` I think it 's the non-stretchy nature of jeans that might be the problem , '' Kimber said , noting that tight pants with more elasticity would n't be as dangerous since they would n't squeeze nerves and muscles . He does n't wear skinny jeans himself , but not because of the medical risks : `` I 'm too old to get away with them ! ''
If you feel a pang of guilty pleasure when you read celebrity tittle-tattle , do n't be too hard on yourself .
Hearing juicy gossip about famous people apparently fires up the brain 's pleasure centre in the same way as eating the finest food or even winning the lottery .
And it 's not good news that gives us the biggest buzz . Tales about stars ' troubles are what we crave , with affairs , drink-driving and other misdemeanours stirring up feel-good chemicals in the brain .
Most of us would never admit that we enjoy such tales but brain scans carried out during a study show that deep down , we find them highly amusing .
Researchers scanned the brains of a group of students while a person read out snippets of gossip about them , their best friends and a host of movie stars . Some of the gossip was designed to put the person in a bad light , such as having an affair or walking out on their family .
They may have been the victim of bad luck , such as being in a hit-and-run accident . Other gossip included heartwarming tales of caring for the sick and helping parents track down missing children .
The volunteers were also asked how amusing they found each piece of information .
The most interesting results related to the negative stories about the celebrities . These stirred up dopamine and other feel-good chemicals in the brain 's `` reward region '' .
The scans , carried out at Shenzhen University in China , revealed that the students were particularly tickled by tales of stars ' misfortune , with a celebrity scandal exciting the brain more than news of a friend in trouble .
However , they would not admit to finding the celebrity gossip amusing – perhaps because they did n't want be seen to be gloating over the misfortunes of others .
Adam Perkins , neurobiologist from King 's College , London , was fascinated by the findings which were published in the journal Social Neuroscience . `` Celebrities are particularly likely to be envied , and when they fall from grace we therefore are likely to feel particularly happy , '' he said .
`` An interesting follow-up study would be to investigate whether personality characteristics affect responses to negative gossip about celebrities .
`` For example , and this is speculative , people who are prone to feeling miserable might gain pleasure from hearing about celebrities having a bad time because it makes them feel that famous people can also feel bad . ''
He suggested our love of celebrity scandal has ancient roots , adding : `` Since we are essentially running round the modern world with a cave person 's brain , it may perhaps be that our familiarity with the lives of celebrities tricks our brains into seeing them as within our peer group and therefore direct competition for us , even though we have never met them .
`` When a celebrity falls from grace , our brain ’ s reward centres activate as if we had witnessed the downfall of a more successful rival within our own tribe . ''
FOREHEAD
We are often told that eating well and staying hydrated helps with skin care but you may not know that dehydration and a bad diet might play out on your forehead .
'This area is believed to be linked to the stomach and bladder so pimples here can indicate an unhappy gut , ' skin expert Emma Hobson explained .
'That could be from a poor diet , stress or food intolerances - or even from not drinking enough water . '
CHIN
As many teenagers may know the chin is the main hormonal breakout zone .
These breakouts can hit during major hormonal moments such as when you 're a teenager , during your period and possibly during changes in your 20s and 30s .
'The chin is also linked to the large intestine , so food allergies and a poor diet might also be a factor , ' said Emma .
'Adding more fibre and water to your diet can help . '
CHEEKS
Emma stated that break outs on the cheeks are often linked to irritation in your lungs .
'It 's common to see more of this in springtime , when people are affected by the pollen in the air .
'Pollution can also upset your lungs and then wreak havoc on your skin , as can household cleaners . '
BETWEEN THE BROWS
She went on to say that the area between your brows is called the 'wine and dine ' area .
'Blemishes here can indicate issues with the liver , and could be a result of too many glasses of wine or eating late at night , particularly rich foods .
'Lactose intolerance could also be to blame . '
To help clear this area it is best to avoid alcohol and rich foods but if that does n't help it could be time to assess your reaction to dairy .
T-ZONE
As previously reported by Daily Mail , breakouts in your T-zone can be linked to the liver and the stomach .
This is another area linked to dehydration , alcohol and greasy food as the T-zone is sensitive to the build-up of toxins .
Fats and oils used in food can lead to a stomach imbalance and alcohol can affect the acid in your stomach .
LIP AREA
Unfortunately for those that get their period this region is linked to different moments in your menstrual cycle .
If you are not getting enough fibre in your diet then this is another contributing factor .
The pill often helps deal with uncontrollable pimples as well as increasing your fibre intake .
EARS & amp ; TEMPLES & amp ; UNDER EYES
These days we seem to be getting busier and busier , with a work and life balance being more difficult to maintain .
If you are getting pimples in these three areas then it is most likely due to stress and a lack of sleep .
To combat this ensure you are having at least seven hours of sleep a night and increase your water intake to eight glasses a day .
NECK
The neck is n't the most common pimple area and getting one here could link to illness .
Those with an under-active thyroid have lower levels of progesterone which causes breakouts as progesterone is key in fighting acne .
If you 're concerned with the fact that you have pimples on your neck you may need to go to your doctor .
If you 've ever wondered what makes the perfect selfie , some of the world 's most powerful computers have been pondering the same question .
Researchers have trained a neural network designed to think like the human brain to analyse millions of selfies to find what works .
They says the main key is to be female - and to show your hair , but cut off your forehead in your snaps .
Andrej Karpathy , a PhD student at Stanford working on Deep Learning , decided to use a powerful , 140-million-parameter state-of-the-art Convolutional Neural Network to help work out why some selfies are more popular than other .
'We decided to feed it 2 million selfies from the internet , and train it to classify good selfies from bad ones , ' he explained in a blog .
The neural network , known as ConvNet 'looked ' at every one of the 2 million selfies several tens of times .
Each time , it tuned its filters in a way that best allows it to separate good selfies from bad ones .
'We ca n't very easily inspect exactly what it found ( it 's all jumbled up in 140 million numbers that together define the filters ) , ' said Karpathy .
'However , we can set it loose on selfies that it has never seen before and try to understand what it 's doing by looking at which images it likes and which ones it does not . '
'A few patterns stand out for me , ' he said .
Women were consistently ranked higher than men - to the extent there was not a single male in the top 100 .
The position and pose of the face is quite consistent among the top images .
The face always occupies about 1/3 of the image , is slightly tilted , and is positioned in the center and at the top .
Hoarders are typically thought of as people living in houses packed full to the brim with boxes of old junk .
They typically refuse to throw away meaningless wrappers and hold on to random objects that most people would have discarded long ago .
But nowadays , you no longer have to hold on to old notebooks or refuse to throw out old pizza boxes to be considered a hoarder , according to a recent report .
Instead , a new form of hoarder has arisen : Digital hoarders .
A report published by BMJ Case Reports , examined a 47-year-old man whose obsession with hoarding digital pictures severely interfered with his day-to-day life , preventing him from sleeping and even leaving his home .
The man was formerly diagnosed with autism and hoarding tactile objects – a condition that has been documented in the mental health reference manual DSM-5 .
But at the time the man was checked into an outpatient clinic , there had been no previous formal diagnosis of digital hoarding .
According to the case report , the man mostly hoarded objects with little to no economic value – like paperwork and bike components – because he felt they would be of use to him in the future .
As as a result , his house was extremely cluttered .
Eventually , after obtaining a digital camera , the man began to hoard digital pictures , as well .
Digital photography became his primary daytime activity , and he took up to 1,000 pictures each day , mostly of landscapes , the report said .
But , as with the tactile objects he hoarded , the man struggled to discard the pictures .
He ended up using four external hard drives to maintain the original pictures , as well as four additional hard drives to store the backups .
The man didn ’ t even look at the pictures he saved , though he was convinced he could use them in the future when new technologies became available , the report said .
He spent three to five hours each day organizing the pictures , which led to feelings of frustration .
Organizing the pictures also interfered with his sleep and prevented him from partaking in other activities , including cleaning his house , relaxing or going outside .
Doctors at the outpatient clinic said the man was unshaved and casually dressed when he showed up , with a friendly and enthusiastic attitude .
He didn ’ t have any delusions or hallucinations , obsessions or compulsions , though he did appear to have attention deficit disorder .
Doctors conducted a number of hoarding questionnaires , and found that their patient met all the DSM-5 criteria for hoarding disorder for his object hoarding .
The doctors then compared his digital hoarding to the DSM-5 criteria and noticed a number of similarities , leading them to conclude that the patient ’ s digital cluttering is ‘ functionally similar to the accumulation of possessions in object hoarding ' , according to the report .
Doctors are treating the man using cognitive behavioral treatment , including applying motivational interviewing for encouragement in the treatment , followed by helping him reduce the number of photos he could take .
‘ For example , by setting a maximum number of pictures to be taken of a scene , and to search for alternative activities related to digital photography , ’ the report said .
They are also working on treating his object hoarding , and so far , he has already started de-cluttering his house , according to the report .
This patient ’ s case is an extreme circumstance ; merely forgetting to clear out your hard drive doesn ’ t mean you are a digital hoarder .
What gift do you get for the person who has everything ?
This year , one option is an iPhone 7 encased in solid gold , encrusted with diamonds and bearing the face of Donald Trump .
Priced around $ 151,000 , it 's just one example of the mind-blowing bling sold by Goldgenie , a store in the United Arab Emirates where the super rich do their shopping .
Goldgenie started out in London back in 1989 .
`` There are very wealthy , high-net-worth individuals all over the world and sometimes its very difficult to buy gifts for them because they have everything , '' said Frank Fernando , Goldgenie 's managing director .
All the opulent objects on sale at his store in Sharjah , a city near Dubai , are either solid gold , gold plated or diamond encrusted . But the idea for the golden Trump iPhone came from a customer only recently .
A Chinese woman walked into the store last month and requested that Goldgenie put together the glitzy device emblazoned with the president-elect 's features , Fernando said , declining to identify the woman by name . He said he believes her family wants to give it to the US president-elect after his inauguration next month .
Since selling that first Trump iPhone , Goldgenie has received a further nine orders for gold-plated ones bearing his face .
The company 's business concept was simple : gold plate virtually any item its customers wanted .
A gold-plated racing bike will set you back about $ 350,000 .
Fernando says his staff members will even take their special gold-plating machine to wealthy individuals ' homes in order to cover their entire bathrooms in the precious metal .
The company picked the UAE as the place to open its first retail store because of the strong demand from the Gulf region .
`` We have many visits from the royal families , '' Fernando said . `` They visit us in London and they do n't just buy one phone . They buy five , ten phones to give as gifts . We needed to come here to show ourselves to all the people in the Arab states . ''
China is planning to introduce new restrictions on place names because of concerns that too many fail to reflect national culture .
The country 's civic affairs minister , Li Liguo , wants anyone naming sites such as bridges , buildings and roads to take inspiration from Chinese history , instead of opting for foreign names like `` Manhattan Plaza '' , Beijing News reports . Existing names which fall foul of the requirements will also be changed , according to the paper .
Mr Li says cleaning up place names will strengthen and standardise cultural protection , and promote China 's cultural heritage . He 's in charge of a State Council survey of geographical names , an effort which started in 2014 and has another two years to run .
According to the Xinhua news agency , the first places to be renamed will be any that `` damage national dignity '' or conflict with core socialist values , as well as those which have attracted the most public complaints . Places which promise more than they deliver are also in the government 's sights - so anywhere adopting Venice as part of its name will need to have more than just a pond , the agency notes .
Social media users are divided on the issue , with some pointing out that foreign names are often chosen as a way of celebrating ties with other cities or countries . There 's plenty of support , though , with one person writing : `` They really should change , or else we 'll feel there are no Chinese historical elements ! ''
The decision to ban Borat-style mankinis has helped a seaside town shed its 'Wild West ' image as a haven for stag and hen parties after cutting crime and drunken anti-social behaviour , police say .
Figures show anti-social behaviour and criminal activity in the Cornish town of Newquay has fallen since 2009 .
Officers say a determination to tackle excess drinking , public disorder and the wearing of inappropriate clothing such as mankinis - skimpy male bikini-style bathing costumes popularised by the comedy character Borat - has helped reduce crime .
Devon and Cornwall Police inspector Dave Meredith , the town 's most senior policeman , said : 'When you speak to anybody from patrol officers to PCSOs , partners in town , shop keepers , everybody says Newquay has made a miraculous improvement .
Five or six years ago and more , Newquay was a little bit of a Wild West town . It had a bad reputation nationally .
'People expected to come to Newquay to drink a lot , behave irresponsibly , a lot of really young people came to Newquay and knew they had a good chance of getting drunk . Certainly we have clamped down on that and the image of Newquay now has certainly curtailed some of that . '
Police and community leaders say the town now has more of a family-friendly image and that tourism is booming .
Reports of anti-social behaviour dropped every year from 937 in 2009/10 to 485 in 2012/13 .
Overall crime in Newquay has also reduced significantly - from 1,823 incidents in 2012/13 down to 1,624 in 2014/15 .
Dave Sleeman , the town 's mayor , said the resort is 'unrecognisable ' now from its previous image .
He said : 'I remember back in the 2000s you could n't walk the streets on a Saturday without seeing someone wearing a mankini or what have you .
'But now they 're not allowed in Newquay . The police will tell them to go home and get changed if they see them wearing one , and the guest houses and camp sites are pretty good at warning their guests about what 's acceptable .
'I think we have turned the corner here . '
Researchers are now pretty certain there 's a ninth planet in the solar system .
Konstantin Batygin and Mike Brown , two CalTech scientists , say the new planet is about 10 times the mass of Earth and has an atmosphere of hydrogen and helium . Science magazine reports that the mysterious `` Planet X '' moves in a distant orbit beyond Neptune .
The researchers have n't observed Planet X itself , but believe it exists because of the unique configuration of six objects when they come closest to the sun , according to Science .
The scientists say that there 's a 0.007 percent probability that the configuration is due to chance , and instead are confident it 's a ninth planet . They believe they will observe the planet with a telescope within five years , according to The Associated Press .
So where did this possible planet come from ? Scientists have previously speculated that there could be a missing planet in our solar system , with some theorizing that a collision caused it to be ejected out of our system some 4 billion years ago . That collision may have been with Jupiter .
`` Although we were initially quite skeptical that this planet could exist , as we continued to investigate its orbit and what it would mean for the outer solar system , we become increasingly convinced that it is out there , '' Batygin said in a statement . `` There is solid evidence that the solar system 's planetary census is incomplete . ''
Batygin and Brown described their findings in The Astronomical Journal on Wednesday .
The discovery is also the second time that Brown has reshaped the way we think about the solar system . In 2005 , he made a key discovery that led scientists to reclassify Pluto as a dwarf planet . In a statement on Wednesday , Brown -- whose Twitter handle is @ plutokiller -- alluded to the role he played in getting Pluto declassified , noting that the new discovery was 5,000 times the mass of Pluto and was definitely a planet .
`` All those people who are mad that Pluto is no longer a planet can be thrilled to know that there is a real planet out there still to be found , '' he said .
To be in the European Union , or not to be ? That was the question .
After the United Kingdom voted on Thursday to leave the EU , many of its citizens are now turning to poetry to deal with the uncertain aftermath .
As a petition calling for a second referendum gained momentum and # regrexit officially became a thing , the # WriteAPoemAboutBrexit hashtag also started to trend on Twitter .
Hundreds of people have now penned rhymes to express their feelings on the Brexit , with the majority ( but not all ) lamenting the vote to leave . Here are some of the best :
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
# writeapoemaboutBrexit
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
# WriteaPoemaboutBrexit
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
# writeapoemaboutbrexit
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
# WriteAPoemAboutBrexit
Professor Stephen Hawking , the physicist , would consider assisted suicide if he felt he had nothing more to contribute to the world and was merely a burden , he has said .
Prof Hawking , who has motor neurone disease , has argued that keeping someone alive against their own wishes is the “ ultimate indignity ” , saying he would think about it in the event he was suffering great pain .
In an interview with Dara O ’ Briain , for a new BBC programme , the world-renowned scientist disclosed he suffered bouts of loneliness , because people can be afraid to talk to him or let him answer .
In 2013 , he offered his public support to the discussion of assisted dying , saying : “ We do n't let animals suffer , so why humans ? ''
In a programme to be broadcast on BBC One on June 15 , Prof Hawking will offer further insights into his own life , alongside interviews with his children .
When asked by O ’ Briain about his support for assisted dying , and what condition he would have to be in to consider it for himself , the physicist said : `` To keep someone alive against their wishes is the ultimate indignity .
`` I would consider assisted suicide only if I were in great pain or felt I had nothing more to contribute but was just a burden to those around me . ”
But , he added : `` I am damned if I 'm going to die before I have unravelled more of the universe . ”
He is not in pain , he said , but suffers occasional discomfort because he can not adjust his own position .
O ’ Briain , a comedian and broadcaster who has a degree in theoretical physics , praised Prof Hawking for his “ impressively honest answers , even to the most direct questions ” .
He also asked the 73-year-old physicist , who communicates through his famous speech synthesiser , whether he ever finds life lonely .
“ At times I get very lonely because people are afraid to talk to me or do n't wait for me to write a response , ” said Prof Hawking , who is currently trialling even more sophisticated communication technology .
“ I 'm shy and tired at times . I find it difficult to talk to people I do n't know . ''
When asked about what he misses about being able-bodied , he added : `` I would like to be able to swim again . When my children were young , I missed not being able to play with them physically . ''
One in three new graduates are doing jobs that do not require degrees such as working in call centres , waiting on tables and stacking shelves , statistics show .
Thirty-two per cent – over 60,000 – were in 'non-professional jobs ' in areas including secretarial , sales , customer service and skilled trades six months after graduating last year .
And the number taking particularly menial posts – collecting garbage , washing windows , sorting mail and cleaning buildings - has doubled in seven years .
The figures from the Higher Education Statistics Agency will alarm students , who now face an average debt of more than £30,000 on graduation following the tripling in tuition fees to £9,000-a-year .
Out of a total of 257,395 full-time first degree university-leavers from 2013/14 , 75 per cent were in employment six months after graduating .
Fourteen per cent had embarked in further study , and seven per cent - 16,730 - were unemployed .
Among the employed graduates in the UK , 60,140 were in 'non-professional jobs ' including administrative , caring , leisure and sales occupations .
Some 840 graduates were working as 'process , plant and machine operatives ' and 2,315 in 'skilled trades ' such as plumbing and tiling .
Another 10,855 – 5.8 per cent of those in employment - were in 'elementary occupations ' .
These include mail sorters , bar staff , waiters and waitresses , street vendors , caretakers , shoe cleaners , hotel porters , door-to-door and telephone sales people , vending machine money collectors and meter readers .
Among this group , 2,380 had graduated from creative arts and design courses , 1,085 from business and administrative studies , and 1,065 had social studies degrees .
By contrast , only 5,460 or four per cent of students had ended up in these menial 'elementary occupations ' six months after graduating in 2007 .
In 2013/14 , 68 per cent of employed graduates were in 'professional ' jobs such as working as managers , directors , senor officials and in technical occupations .
A report warned last year that the growing number of workers who are over-qualified for their role is largely the result of a huge expansion in university education .
The centre-left think-tank the Institute for Public Policy research ( IPPR ) said 'the number of high-skilled jobs has not kept pace with the rate at which workers are becoming more highly qualified ' .
School-leavers would be better prepared for the job market by doing an apprenticeship instead of racking up huge debts at university , the report claimed .
Chinese President Xi Jinping kicked off his first state visit to the United States in the West Coast city of Seattle on Tuesday , a landmark trip aimed at building up trust and stepping up cooperation between the world 's two biggest economies .
Xi will be accompanied by a team of delegates , including his wife Peng Liyuan .
Peng has stunned the world with her style ever since her first appearance as the first lady of China in Moscow , when she accompanied Xi on his state trip to Russia in 2013 .
Since then , `` Liyuan style '' has been synonymous with elegance and grace , as a symbol of a new and modern China and China 's best export of soft power .
Peng carried through her love of China-inspired designs for her choice of outfits Tuesday .
A clean-cut white jacket was selected , with a traditional Chinese high collar most often seen in cheongsams , matched with a pale purple skirt with flowing navy flowers and leaves at the trims . Peng accessorized with ear studs made of pearl , an item loved in China for centuries as a symbol of elegance and purity , a navy brooch on her jacket , and a small clutch that matched her pencil skirt .
Peng is also known for appearing in public with outfits that matched that of her husband 's . For many times in the past , the duo 's outfits have echoed one another not just in style , but also in color . White and navy were the two main hues used yesterday , in which Xi 's navy tie harmoniously matched with Peng 's jacket , which were embellished with navy hems .
Where Peng will visit
US President Barack Obama is to host Xi for a state banquet at the White House on Sept 25 in Washington , D.C. , an event that Peng will also attend .
According to WeChat public account `` Zheng Shi'er '' , it is not certain whether Peng will accompany Xi to attend the private dinner hosted by Obama . According to the report , `` If Michelle Obama is there , then Peng Liyuan will most likely attend . ''
Peng will accompany Xi to visit Lincoln High School in Seattle . According to `` Zheng Shi'er '' , the school choir will perform On the Hopeful Field , a representative work sung by Peng during her days as a household name singer of traditional and patriotic songs .
They say Jan. 18 — or Blue Monday — is the most depressing day of the year , but they 're wrong . The most depressing day of the year is today , because you 're about to find out how and when you 're most likely to die .
Statistician Nathan Yau has created an interactive chart to determine , in his words , `` how and when you will die , given your sex , race and age . '' Fun !
To create his chart , Yau used data from the CDC 's Underlying Cause of Death Database , a rather bleak collection of US death statistics from 1999 to 2014 . Using information obtained from Americans ' death certificates , the database catalogs deaths based on age , race , gender , year and cause of death , among other metrics .
Once you enter your sex , race and age , the chart will kick into motion . For each year past your current age , it 'll show you how likely you are to die of various common causes of death : infection , cancer , blood , endocrine , mental , nervous , circulatory , respiratory , digestive , musculoskeletal , genitourinary , perinatal , congenital and external causes .
For every year past your current age , the chart will also show you the likeliness of having died by that point .
The main point , which is what you 'd expect , is that mortality rate is much lower in the earlier years of life than in the older years . But , if you do die at a younger age , it 's much more likely due to something external rather than a disease .
You can also look at it the other way . Shift age to the older years , and let the simulations run . You 're much more likely to die of a disease rather than something external . Shift past 80 years , and it 's over 40 % chance the cause will be circulatory , regardless of demographic group .
I tried the chart out for myself , a 24-year-old white female . If I die two years from now , at 26 , there 's hardly any chance it 'll be from health problems — and a very high likelihood it 'll be from external causes .
At 50 years old , there 's a 95 % chance I 'll still be alive — that 's still pretty good ! If I do happen to die at 50 , it 'll most likely be from circulatory problems , cancer , infection or external causes .
Finally , here I am at 80 . Now , there 's only a 52 % chance I 'll still be alive . If I die , the most likely causes will be circulatory , cancer and endocrine .
Yau was surprised to see that circulatory problems — and not cancer — were such a prominent cause of death .
`` It seems like cancer would be the leading cause , just going off general news , '' he wrote . `` This is certainly true up to a certain age , but get past that and your heart can only keep going for so long . ''
Try it yourself .
UK ’ s television screens will go blank next week to encourage people to get outside and play sport as part of the official celebrations of Team GB ’ s historic Olympic success .
ITV will suspend all broadcasting for the first time in its history for an hour on Saturday , August 27 , as 2,000 sports clubs throw open their doors to anyone who wants to try out a new sport .
Anyone turning on their TV will see messages such as “ We ’ ve gone running - why don ’ t you join us ? ”
Dozens of Olympic medalists and competitors will be at clubs up and down the country to help show people the basics of everything from sailing to javelin .
Britain ’ s biggest sports day has been arranged by the National Lottery , which funds Team GB ’ s athletes , instead of the open-top bus tour that followed London 2012 .
Team GB want as many athletes to be accessible to as many people as possible all over the country , rather than concentrating the celebration on London .
They also hope to inspire a new generation of Olympians as part of the legacy of Rio 2016 , already the most successful Games for GB on foreign soil .
Among the athletes who have already signed up to take part is long jumper Greg Rutherford , the London 2012 gold medalist , who took bronze in the competition at Rio 2016 .
He said the giant sports day would be an “ amazing chance ” for people of all ages to feel part of GB ’ s Olympic success , adding : “ You don ’ t have to be an Olympian to be part of Team GB . ”
The event will be called I Am Team GB , because everyone who buys a lottery ticket is helping to fund Britain ’ s Olympians and Paralympians through UK Sport ’ s £80 million per year programme .
Lottery funding enables 1,300 athletes to train full-time who would otherwise have to train in their spare time while supporting themselves with a regular job .
As well as the 2,000 grass roots sports clubs that will be opening their doors , 14 regional centres will include London 2012 venues , football and athletics stadiums .
ITV will also be setting up a badminton court and table tennis tables on the set of Coronation Street for the public to use , and a duathlon ( running and cycling ) will take place in Yorkshire around the villages where Emmerdale is filmed .
Actors from both soap operas , as well as other celebrities such as Britain ’ s Got Talent judge Alesha Dixon , will be involved on the day .
Although the National Lottery numbers are chosen live on BBC Television , ITV ’ s ability to advertise I Am Team GB made the channel the natural choice , according to insiders .
“ The hope is that we can get as many athletes as possible to take part , ” said a spokesman for the event . “ It ’ s also a chance for them to come home and be recognised by the public who have idolised them during the Games and to join in the celebrations . ”
More couples are tying the knot in an unusual place — funeral homes .
`` I think it 's the future of funeral service , having reception centers on site for families to celebrate life and weddings and other major events , '' Nancy Brunner Sanden , who runs a funeral home in Mentor , Ohio , told TODAY.com .
At the Brunner Sanden Deitrick Funeral Home and Cremation Center , Sanden has organized dinners , graduation parties , reunions and first communion parties at its upstairs reception area .
Fans of the new trend say there are many reasons couples are getting married in funeral homes : They 're often cheaper than traditional wedding venues and offer better availability , for example .
It 's also a great revenue stream for funeral homes . And as more funeral homes offer food , alcohol and reception areas , they 're becoming the perfect place for parties . In the past decade , many funeral homes have remodeled or built new structures to provide an event space , said Jessica Koth of the National Funeral Directors Association .
`` And instead of letting this empty reception space go unused , why not let families use it ? '' Koth told TODAY.com . `` It could be a wedding or a birthday party or an anniversary party , a bar mitzvah , any kind of event . Funerals are n't necessarily what they were 15 , 20 , 30 years ago , '' she added . `` People are looking to celebrate the life of their loved ones . ''
In Indianapolis , the Washington Park East Cemetery Association runs an event center called the Community Life Center , which will host more than 50 weddings this year , according to the Associated Press .
Like any trend , this one is n't for everyone . Wedding expert Kellee Khalil , founder and CEO of Loverly , said getting married in a funeral home `` is definitely a little crazy to think about , '' but she understands how it can have its advantages — especially financially . `` The funeral home can make extra money by adding weddings to their revenue stream , and the couple can save , too , because as a harder sell for the funeral home , they 'll likely be slashing the price , '' she told TODAY.com .
If nothing else , getting married at a funeral home is unique — and that 's always trendy , Khalil added .
Texas A & amp ; M Galveston professor Irwin Horwitz would like to fail his entire class -- close to three dozen students in total -- but the school is blocking him from doing so .
Horwitz announced in emails last week to university administrators at the Galveston campus and to his strategic management class that he would no longer teach the course and would fail the entire class because `` None of you ... deserve to pass , or graduate to become an Aggie , '' according to Inside Higher Ed .
The professor said the class was being so disruptive that he could n't last teaching the course for the rest of the semester , and now a department head will take over .
Horwitz told KPRC the class was so bad he needed security guards in the room .
`` Since teaching this course , I have caught and seen cheating , been told to 'chill out , ' 'get out of my space , ' 'go back and teach , ' [ been ] called a 'fucking moron ' to my face , [ had ] one student cheat by signing in for another , one student not showing up but claiming they did , listened to many hurtful and untrue rumors about myself and others , been caught between fights between students , '' Horwitz wrote in an email to students , published by Inside Higher Ed .
Texas A & amp ; M Vice President of Academic Affairs Patrick Louchouarn told KPRC none of the students have failed the class though , because the `` only reason a student would fail because he or she has not performed the expectations for that particular class . '' The university will , however , investigate Horwitz ' allegations about student misbehavior .
`` I have nothing left , '' Horwitz told the Houston Chronicle , blaming the school for not enforcing the university 's honor code against his allegedly unruly students . `` I put my neck on the line for what I thought was the right thing to do . ''
Lawyers for Melania Trump on Thursday filed suit for $ 150m damages against the Daily Mail in Maryland state court . The wife of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump is also suing a blogger , Webster Tarpley , from the state in question .
In a statement , Trump ’ s lawyer , Charles Harder , said : “ These defendants made several statements about Mrs Trump that are 100 % false and tremendously damaging to her personal and professional reputation [ and ] broadcast their lies to millions of people throughout the US and the world – without any justification .
“ Their many lies include , among others , that Mrs Trump supposedly was an ‘ escort ’ in the 1990s before she met her husband . Defendants ’ actions are so egregious , malicious and harmful to Mrs Trump that her damages are estimated at $ 150m . ”
The suit was filed in Montgomery County , in suburban Washington DC , in response to articles published in August by the Daily Mail which reported rumors that Trump worked as an escort in the 1990s .
Last month , announcing that Trump was considering a suit , her lawyer called those rumors “ 100 % false ” .
The Daily Mail article also contained allegations that Trump came to New York a year earlier than she has claimed , raising issues about her immigration status . Trump denied a story in Politico in which questions about her immigration status were first reported .
The lawsuit noted that while the article in question had been removed from the Daily Mail ’ s website , the newspaper had yet to apologize or formally retract . The Mail included a retraction of the story in its Friday UK print edition .
“ We did not intend to state or suggest that these allegations are true , ” the newspaper said , “ nor did we intend to state or suggest that Mrs Trump ever worked as an ‘ escort ’ or in the ‘ sex business ’ . ” It added that its article had included denials from a Trump spokesperson and the owner of the modelling agency in question , and said it regretted “ any such misinterpretation ” .
The retraction was also posted online . “ The Daily Mail newspaper and MailOnline/DailyMail.com have entirely separate editors and journalistic teams , ” it added . “ In so far as MailOnline/DailyMail.com published the same article it wholeheartedly also retracts the above and also regrets any such misinterpretation . ”
Asked if the retraction would affect the suit , Harder replied : “ It does not . ”
Tarpley ’ s blogpost , which has been retracted , claimed , per the suit , that “ it is widely known Melania was not a working model but rather a high-end escort ” and that she had a “ mental breakdown ” after a plagiarism controversy over her speech to the Republican national convention in Cleveland in July .
A bill introduced by Alabama Rep. Mike Rogers earlier this month calls on the US to `` terminate '' its membership in the United Nations and effectively sever all ties with the organization .
The bill , titled the American Sovereignty Restoration Act of 2017 , was proposed on January 3 . It is cosponsored by a handful of Republican lawmakers , including North Carolina Rep. Walter Jones , Arizona Rep. Andy Biggs , Missouri Rep. Jason Smith , Kentucky Rep. Thomas Massie , Tennessee Rep. John Duncan Jr. , and Florida Rep. Matt Gaetz .
Biggs said in a statement on Monday that he cosponsored the bill because he believes that `` our sovereignty as a country is harmed by our membership in this body . ''
The bill proposes barring the US from committing funds or troops to UN peacekeeping operations worldwide and stipulates that the UN must vacate property owned by the US government . It would repeal the 1973 Environment Program Participation Act , strip UN employees of diplomatic immunity in the US , and repeal the US 's membership and participation in the World Health Organization .
The bill 's language is strong , and it 's an extreme long shot to garner the necessary support to pass the House and move on to the Senate .
President Donald Trump has characterized the UN as `` just a club for people to get together , talk , and have a good time '' and promised that relations between the US and the UN `` will be different '' during his presidency .
Trump 's criticism of the organization came after the UN Security Council passed a resolution in late December calling on Israel to halt building settlements on occupied Palestinian land . Trump , along with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , urged the US to vote against the resolution , which was sponsored by Egypt . But the US ultimately abstained , and the resolution passed .
Many Republican lawmakers have accused the UN of having an `` anti-Israel '' bias that aims to isolate and weaken the Jewish state . Arizona Sen. John McCain said the UN vote marked `` another shameful chapter in the bizarre anti-Israel history of the United Nations . '' House Speaker Paul Ryan called the vote `` absolutely shameful '' and vowed that `` our unified Republican government '' would work to reverse the resolution .
Few , if any , mainstream Republican lawmakers have gone as far as to advocate a full withdrawal of the US from the UN .
But some have said they would support defunding the organization , which received $ 594 million - roughly 22 % of its total budget - from the US in 2016 .
Earlier this month , BuzzFeed reported that the House Freedom Caucus was drafting a bill , proposed by South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , to sever financial ties with the organization . Republican Sens . Tom Cotton , Ted Cruz , and McCain said that they would support the initiative .
`` I anticipate this vote will create a backlash in Congress against the United Nations , '' Graham said in a statement shortly after the Israel resolution passed . `` The United Nations will regret this vote and I hope the Obama administration will realize the massive mistake they made on their way out of the door . ''
Nikki Haley , Trump 's pick to replace Samantha Power as the US ambassador to the UN , said during her Senate confirmation hearing last week that the UN is a body that is `` often at odds with American national interests , '' and called the US 's decision to abstain from the Israel vote `` a terrible mistake . ''
She said that while the US should reexamine its `` disproportionate '' financial contribution to the UN , she does n't think there should be `` a slash and burn '' of the US 's support for the organization .
In a move that could be lifted straight from science fiction , workers at a Belgian marketing firm are being offered the chance to have microchips implanted in their bodies .
The chips contain personal information and provide access to the company 's IT systems and headquarters , replacing existing ID cards .
The controversial devices raise questions about personal security and safety , including whether they may allow the movements of people with implants to be tracked .
NewFusion , a marketing firm in Belgium , is offering the chip to its employees .
The radio-frequency identification ( RFID ) chips are about the same size as a grain of rice and store personal security information which can be transmitted over short distances to special receivers .
RFID chips can already be found in contactless cards , including banks cards and the Oyster system which is used by more than 10 million people to pay for public transport in London . They are also similar to the chips implanted in pets .
The ones used at NewFusion cost around €100 each and are inserted between the thumb and index finger .
A growing number of people and businesses are choosing to adopt the practice , known as biohacking .
Implant kits can be bought online , and include a sterile injector with a pre-loaded chip and gauze for wound care .
The chips can be used for a range of applications , from allowing access to properties to logging into computers or even starting motor vehicles .
It is believed there are 10,000 people across the world using the microchip technology inside their bodies .
NewFusion is not the first company to offer RFID implants to its staff .
In 2015 , a Swedish company implanted microchips in its staff which allowed them to use the photocopier , open security doors and even pay for their lunch .
Japan ’ s fascination with robotics and all things high-tech is legendary , but did you know they make robot scarecrows now ? Well , Super Robot Wolf is meant to scare a lot more than crows .
When I was growing up , farmers kept birds and other wild animals away from their crops with old fashioned scarecrows . You know , some rags hanging on a cross structure made of sticks with some chimes or small bells for added effect , and that worked ok . But those things couldn ’ t hold a candle to this Japanese robot scarecrow with the coolest , most over-the-top name imaginable – Super Robot Wolf . They say it can scare away any wild animal , from deer to bears , and it definitely looks terrifying enough to do it .
Developed by Hokkaido robotics company Ohta Seiki , Super Robot Wolf was recently borrowed by JA Kisarazu-shi , an agricultural cooperative association , to test its effectiveness in keeping wild animals away from crops . Looking like a hell hound , with freakishly large eyes and chompers that could bite through anything , Super Robot Wolf is a scary sight behold , but there ’ s a bit more to it than that .
The high-tech scarecrow is equipped with an infrared ray sensor that lets it detect animals as they approach . When they get to close , the robot activates . The eyes start glowing red , its head moves from one side to the other to create the illusion that it is alive , and it is capable of playing approximately 40 different sounds in rotation , from wolf howling , to human voices and even gunshots , at high volume . And if you don ’ t trust its intruder detection capabilities , Super Monster Wolf also comes with a timer , so you can program it to activate at certain intervals .
The creators of Super Robot Wolf began testing it at a Sapporo botanical garden called Kaiyuen , in December of last year . Wild animals like deer used to damage the trees and other plants there , in search of food , but ever since the modern scarecrow was installed , incidents decreased by 90 % . The farmers of JA Kisarazu-shi also had nothing but praise for their new best friend , saying that there have been no signs of wild animals or birds near their crops since Super Monster Wolf was installed on July 11 .
Although technically still in trial phase , Super Robot Wolf has been performing so well that Ohta Seiki has already announced plans to put it on the market in September . Each unit will retail for about ¥200,000 . Not the cheapest scarecrow money can buy , but definitely the most advanced one .
Redheads and people who are losing their hair could finally get their own emoji .
The Emojipedia website has submitted new emojis following demands for them to be more diverse .
If its ideas are approved , the new emoji could be added next year , alongside new characters that have grey , curly or Afro hair .
New styles 'focus on appearances that aren ’ t currently supported in the informal skin tone/hair color pairings used by many vendors ' , the Emojipedia 's submission page said .
The page gave Jessica Chastain and Ed Sheeran as examples of people with red hair .
Sinead O'Connor and Samuel L Jackson were given as examples of people with no hair or a shaven head .
The emoji could be released in 2018 if chosen by the Unicode Consortium following a number of complaints about lack of diversity .
At the end of last year Apple unveiled its iOS 10.2 software update which included 72 new emojis such as a firefighter , welder , astronaut and rockstar .
But redheads were notably absent prompting a global outcry .
An online petition in Scotland demanding ginger emoji got 20,000 signatures .
The main issue is there is one , overarching organisation , known as Unicode Consortium , who controls emoji on iPhone .
In March a new list of 69 emojis were published by Emojipedia which might be released later this year .
However , the emojis need to be approved by the Unicode Technical Committee before people can use them .
In 2015 , Ginger emoji were unveiled on the Google Play Store for Android . But up until now , the Unicode Consortium has been reluctant to give into ginger campaigners .
Over 2,000 years ago , our ancestors , trekking across vast steppes and deserts , opened the transcontinental passage connecting Asia , Europe and Africa , known today as the Silk Road . Our ancestors , navigating rough seas , created sea routes linking the East with the West , namely , the maritime Silk Road .
Spanning thousands of miles and years , the ancient silk routes embody the spirit of peace and cooperation , openness and inclusiveness , mutual learning and mutual benefit .
These pioneers won their place in history not as conquerors with warships , guns or swords . Rather , they are remembered as friendly emissaries leading camel caravans and sailing treasure-loaded ships .
Deficit in peace , development and governance poses a daunting challenge to mankind .
Humankind has reached an age of great progress , great transformation and profound changes .
Global growth requires new drivers , development needs to be more inclusive and balanced , and the gap between the rich and the poor needs to be narrowed
Four years on , over 100 countries and international organizations have supported and got involved in this initiative . Important resolutions passed by the UN General Assembly and Security Council contain reference to it . Thanks to our efforts , the visions of the Belt and Road Initiative is becoming an reality and bearing rich fruit .
Deepened policy connectivity
We have enhanced coordination with the policy initiatives of relevant countries , such as the Eurasian Economic Union of Russia , the Master Plan on ASEAN Connectivity , the Bright Road initiative of Kazakhstan , the Middle Corridor initiative of Turkey , the Development Road initiative of Mongolia , the Two Corridors , One Economic Circle initiative of Vietnam , the Northern Powerhouse initiative of the UK and the Amber Road initiative of Poland .
Enhanced infrastructure connectivity
China , in cooperation with relevant countries , has accelerated the building of Jakarta-Bandung high-speed railway , China-Laos railway , Addis Ababa-Djibouti railway and Hungary-Serbia railway , and upgraded Gwadar and Piraeus ports . A large number of connectivity projects are also in the pipeline .
A multi-dimensional infrastructure network is taking shape , underpinned by economic corridors such as China-Pakistan Economic Corridor , China-Mongolia-Russia Economic Corridor and the New Eurasian Continental Bridge . The network features land-sea-air transportation routes and information expressway and is supported by major railway , port and pipeline projects .
Increased trade connectivity
Trade between China and other Belt and Road countries exceeded 3 trillion U.S. dollars in the 2014-2016 period , and China 's investment in these countries surpassed 50 billion dollars .
Chinese companies have set up 56 economic cooperation zones in over 20 countries , generating some 1.1 billion dollars of tax revenue and 180,000 jobs for them .
Expanded financial connectivity
China has engaged in multiple forms of financial cooperation with countries and organizations involved in the Belt and Road Initiative . The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank have provided 1.7 billion dollars of loans for nine projects in Belt and Road countries .
Strengthened people-to-people bonds
Guided by the Silk Road spirit , we the Belt and Road Initiative participating countries have pulled our efforts to build the educational Silk Road and the health Silk Road , and carried out cooperation in science , education , culture , health and people-to-people exchange . Such cooperation has helped lay a solid popular and social foundation for pursuing the Belt and Road Initiative .
A solid first step has been taken in pursuing the Belt and Road Initiative . We should build on the sound momentum generated to steer the Belt and Road Initiative toward greater success .
Road for peace
We should foster a new type of international relations featuring win-win cooperation , and we should forge partnerships of dialogue with no confrontation and of friendship rather than alliance . All countries should respect each other 's sovereignty , dignity and territorial integrity , each other 's development paths and social systems , and each other 's core interests and major concerns .
We should foster the vision of common , comprehensive , cooperative and sustainable security , and create a security environment built and shared by all . We should work to resolve hotspot issues through political means , and promote mediation in the spirit of justice . We should intensify counter-terrorism efforts , address both its symptoms and root causes , and strive to eradicate poverty , backwardness and social injustice .
Road of prosperity
We should deepen industrial cooperation so that industrial development plans of different countries will complement and reinforce each other . Focus should be put on launching major projects . We should strengthen international cooperation on production capacity and equipment manufacturing , and seize new development opportunities presented by the new industrial revolution to foster new businesses and maintain dynamic growth .
We should establish a stable and sustainable financial safeguard system that keeps risks under control , create new models of investment and financing , encourage greater cooperation between government and private capital and build a diversified financing system and a multi-tiered capital market . We should also develop inclusive finance and improve financial services networks .
We should promote land , maritime , air and cyberspace connectivity , concentrate our efforts on key passageways , cities and projects and connect networks of highways , railways and sea ports .
We need to seize opportunities presented by the new round of change in energy mix and the revolution in energy technologies to develop global energy interconnection and achieve green and low-carbon development . We should improve trans-regional logistics network and promote connectivity of policies , rules and standards so as to provide institutional safeguards for enhancing connectivity .
Road of opening up
We should build an open platform of cooperation and uphold and grow an open world economy . We should jointly create an environment that will facilitate opening up and development , establish a fair , equitable and transparent system of international trade and investment rules .
We should uphold the multilateral trading regime , advance the building of free trade areas and promote liberalization and facilitation of trade and investment . We should also focus on resolving issues such as imbalances in development , difficulties in governance , digital divide and income disparity and make economic globalization open , inclusive , balanced and beneficial to all .
Road of innovation
We should pursue innovation-driven development and intensify cooperation in frontier areas such as digital economy , artificial intelligence , nanotechnology and quantum computing , and advance the development of big data , cloud computing and smart cities so as to turn them into a digital silk road of the 21st century .
We should spur the full integration of science and technology into industries and finance , improve the environment for innovation and pool resources for innovation . We should create space and build workshops for young people of various countries to cultivate entrepreneurship in this age of the Internet and help realize their dreams .
Road connecting different civilizations
We should ensure that when it comes to different civilizations , exchange will replace estrangement , mutual learning will replace clashes , and coexistence will replace a sense of superiority . This will boost mutual understanding , mutual respect and mutual trust among different countries .
We should establish a multi-tiered mechanism for cultural and people-to-people exchanges , build more cooperation platforms and open more cooperation channels . Educational cooperation should be boosted , more exchange students should be encouraged and the performance of cooperatively run schools should be enhanced .
Historical and cultural heritage should be fully tapped to jointly develop tourist products and protect heritage in ways that preserve the distinctive features of the Silk Road .
We should strengthen international counter-corruption cooperation so that the Belt and Road will be a road with high ethical standards .
Guided by the vision of innovative , coordinated , green , open and inclusive development , we will adapt to and steer the new normal of economic development and seize opportunities it presents . We will actively promote supply-side structural reform to achieve sustainable development , inject strong impetus into the Belt and Road Initiative and create new opportunities for global development .
China will contribute an additional 100 billion yuan ( about $ 14.5 billion ) to the Silk Road Fund . China encourages financial institutions to conduct overseas RMB fund business with an estimated amount of 300 billion yuan ( about $ 43.5 billion ) .
China will provide assistance worth 60 billion yuan ( $ 8.7 billion ) to developing countries and international organizations participating in the Belt and Road Initiative to launch more projects to improve people 's well-being .
In the next five years , China will offer young foreign scientists 2,500 short-term research visits to China and train 5,000 foreign scientists , engineers and managers . China will set up 50 joint laboratories with countries participating in the Belt and Road Initiative .
China will set up a big data service platform on ecological and environmental protection , and propose the establishment of an international coalition for green development on the Belt and Road and will provide support to related countries in adapting to climate change .
`` Neighbors wish each other well , just like family members do to each other . '' China always pursues friendship and partnership with its neighbors , and seeks to bring amity , security and common prosperity to its neighborhood . It practices the principles of amity , sincerity , mutual benefit and inclusiveness and works hard to make its development bring more benefits to countries in Asia . China will work with other countries to speed up the development of the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road , and hopes that the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank could be launched at an early date . China will get more deeply involved in the regional cooperation process , and play its due part to ensure that development and security in Asia facilitate each other and are mutually reinforcing .
In promoting the Belt and Road Initiative , China will follow the principle of wide consultation , joint contribution and shared benefits . The programs of development will be open and inclusive , not exclusive . They will be a real chorus comprising all countries along the routes , not a solo for China itself . To develop the Belt and Road is not to replace existing mechanisms or initiatives for regional cooperation . Much to the contrary , we will build on the existing basis to help countries align their development strategies and form complementarity .
The Belt and Road Initiative is not meant as rhetoric . It represents real work that could be seen and felt to bring real benefits to countries in the region . Thanks to the concerted efforts of relevant parties , the vision and action paper of the initiative has been developed . Substantive progress has been made in the establishment of the AIIB . The Silk Road Fund has been launched , and constructions of a number of infrastructure connectivity projects are moving forward .
Two years ago , during my visit to Central Asia and Southeast Asia , I put forward the initiative of building the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road . The Belt and Road Initiative , as it is now called , is about openness , development and cooperation , and it calls for pursuing joint development and sharing benefits on the basis of equality and mutual benefit .
The door of China 's opening up will never shut and China welcomes all countries to ride on its development . China stands ready to work with other parties to make sure that the AIIB will start to operate and play its due role as soon as possible and contribute to economic growth and better livelihood in developing countries . And China continues to welcome AIIB and other international financial institutions to take part in the building of the Silk Road Economic Belt and 21st Century Maritime Silk Road .
China 's development has benefited from the international community , and we are ready to provide more public goods to the international community . I have proposed the initiative of building the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road to share China 's development opportunities with countries along the Belt and Road and achieve common prosperity . Major progress has been made in launching key projects and building the economic corridors of the Silk Road Economic Belt , and the building of the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road is well underway .
The Belt and Road Initiative I put forward aims to achieve win-win and shared development . China remains unchanged in its commitment to foster partnerships . China pursues an independent foreign policy of peace , and is ready to enhance friendship and cooperation with all other countries on the basis of the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence . China is the first country to make partnership-building a principle guiding state-to-state relations . It has formed partnerships of various forms with over 90 countries and regional organizations , and will build a circle of friends across the world .
For an overnight stay fit for a king or a queen , look no further than France 's Palace of Versailles .
More than seven million people visit the opulent gilded masterpiece each year , but that has n't kept the state-owned castle from falling victim to under-funding . In an attempt to raise revenue , the government has announced that the estate will now open its doors - as a hotel .
Currently , the iconic palace , which is home to the stunning Hall of Mirrors , is taking bids from private companies interested in setting up shop .
The hotel will be housed in three 17th-century mansions , which are located about 100 yards from the main building . While you wo n't be able to stay in the sprawling castle itself , some of the rooms will have a view of the architectural marvel L'Orangerie , which was used to house Louis XIV 's 3,000 orange trees during the winter months .
'There will be no other hotel in the world like this one , ' said a palace spokesman , according to The Telegraph . 'This is an emblem of French history and a cultural landmark . It will be an authentically royal experience . '
The sprawling estate , that was erected in a rural location but now forms part of a wealthy suburb of Paris , was famously the home of Louis XVI and his wife Marie Antoinette . The court of Versailles was the centre of political power in France from 1682 until the beginning of the French Revolution in 1789 . As such , the castle is infamous for not only its stunning grandeur but also as a symbol of the country 's Ancien Regime and its absolute monarchy .
State funding for the palace has been cut from €47.4 million in 2013 to €40.5 million this year .
The successful bidder of the Hotel de l'Orangerie , as it has tentatively been named , will be given a 60-year licence to operate it and will be required to pay a portion of the profits to the palace .
The mansions are currently empty , as they have been for the past several years , and will need to be renovated before opening . A spokesman has reportedly estimated the cost to be up to £10 million .
FOR most of us , sleep is the only time during the day where we can get away from our screens and get a bit of rest .
But not for 27-year-old Rikki Mortimore , who shops online in her sleep .
“ I ’ ve spent around $ 1500 so far , but I ’ ve returned around 85 per cent of the items I ’ ve bought , ” Rikki , who works as an online designer in Sydney , told news.com.au .
Rikki says her abnormal sleep behaviour is only a few months old , which she thinks stemmed “ from a few incidents as a child ” .
“ When I was a kid , I would sometimes sleepwalk , ” she said .
“ Once , I walked through my house and straight to our alarm system . It was switched off that night , but I typed in the pin and set the alarms off in the middle of the night .
“ My mum found me standing there as sirens were going off around me . It was a one off incident , so we didn ’ t take it seriously and seek treatment . ”
During her teenage years , Rikki would often set three alarms during high school , because while asleep , she would switch each clock off and in turn , run late to school .
She has recently been diagnosed with insomnia , and is now taking non-addictive medication to assist with a healthy sleeping pattern .
But Rikki admits her strange sleeping behaviour didn ’ t start with online shopping .
“ When I first started waking up , I would go to sleep and wake up wearing different clothes , ” she said .
“ The shopping incidents started when I fell asleep next to my laptop . When I was asleep , I guess I would just use it and go to websites I had visited during the day . ”
Admittedly a big ASOS fan , Rikki said her fingers do all the talking when it comes to her sleep shopping stints .
“ During the day , I look obsessively at ASOS , so my fingers know where to go , ” she said .
“ I have heaps of things in my shopping cart online just waiting . But most of the time I am buying things that I would never buy , so I must browse in my sleep .
“ My last order , I brought jumpers and swimsuits , which I really do n't want . I never go swimming ! I haven ’ t in three years !
“ I also bought three pairs of the same shoes once . ”
From blazers , skirts and shirts , Rikki now keeps a box under her desk where she collects the unwanted items , which she will return to the online retailer before the refund date expires .
“ Sometimes I actually like what I have bought while asleep , but a lot of the time it ’ s too big and it has to go back . ”
Rikki and her partner laugh at her shopping habits now , but admit she has recently taken extreme measures in a bid to reduce her addiction .
“ I ’ m really worried what I might actually buy one day , like a flight overseas or something similar , ” she said .
“ As a measure , I have taken my credit card details off websites , and even hidden my laptop in the bathroom so I won ’ t be able to find it while I ’ m asleep .
“ I was looking at a beautiful handbag online the other day , but had to delete it from my history so I didn ’ t drop $ 3000 in my sleep , ” she laughed .
The National Sleep Foundation suggests sleepwalking and parasomnia originates during deep sleep , and is much more common in children than in adults .
The act of movement and activity while asleep is sometimes an inherited trait caused by lack of sleep or even stress , drugs and other medicines .
Parasomnias include abnormal acts like eating disorders while asleep , nightmares , sleep paralysis and sleep aggression .
It is often hard to wake someone during the activity because they are in such deep slumber when the walking or activity occurs . Aside from traditional ‘ sleepwalking ’ it can also include sitting in bed , walking around the house , leaving the home and in extreme cases , even getting behind the wheel of a car .
“ I dealt with a patient recently who was going on a cruise but was a sleepwalker , ” Dr Maree Barnes , Sleep Physician and President of the Australasian Sleep Association told news.com.au .
“ So I gave him sedatives so he was very sound asleep while on the ship .
“ Some other patients are compulsive eaters , sleep walkers and talkers , or even people who get behind the wheel of a car while asleep .
“ Basically these are people who have deep rooted psychological issues that are being played out during the night . It ’ s a matter of keeping people safe until the behaviour ceases to occur , and usually it always is dealt with through psychology and time . ”
Sleep Health Foundation of Australia suggests that around three children in 100 sleepwalk often , and approximately five in 100 children sleepwalk sometimes .
In adults , this figure is lower , with only four in every 1000 people still sleepwalking . Statistics indicate that if you sleepwalk or talk as a child , you ’ re less than a quarter likely to do that as an adult .
“ Most people will grow out of it , ” Dr Barnes said .
We don ’ t know why people sleep walk or talk , but we do know that it is not uncommon at some stage of your life to do some for of activity . ”
While 4 per cent of the population admit to sleepwalking at least once in their lives , the condition can be easily rectified if treated accordingly . Adults are advised to enlist good sleeping habits , or seek medical advice .
“ Main treatment is to keep these people safe , ” Dr Barnes said .
“ Partners and family members should ensure sleepwalkers can ’ t get out of the room , out of windows or through the front door .
“ Psychologists can explore anxieties , concerns , issues and past events and even worries about the future .
“ All of these areas can contribute to these behaviours . ”
As for Rikki ’ s sleep-shopping , Dr Barnes suggests more sleep , and eliminating caffeine , food and alcohol at least one hour before bedtime , and not to rely on prescribed sleeping medication .
“ The room should be also quiet , dark and comfortable , ” Dr Barnes said .
“ Sometimes medication can effect your sleep — its like a circuit breaker . Taking sleeping tablets are not good for anyone in the long term . If the short term interventions don ’ t work , then a psychologist is the way to go . ”
Like no President before him , Donald Trump has threatened to change forever the way in which politics is done .
His barnstorming speeches and Twitter tirades frequently grab column inches while more measured political debate is ignored .
New analysis of his political rhetoric may explain why - it is markedly more repetitive and simple than those of eight other candidates he beat to the White House .
While Hillary Clinton 's most frequently used words during television debates include 'comprehensive ' and 'affordable ' , his are 'tremendous ' and 'deal ' .
His showmanship is apparent from his frequent use of the word 'I ' when people with a history of public service , like Jeb Bush , are more likely to say 'we ' .
The study 's authors , from the University of Neuachtel in Switzerland , claim Trump 's speaking style is similar to his 140-character Twitter pronouncements , which he continues to use even as the US President .
Lead author Jacques Savoy said : 'As Trump won the primaries and the general election , does that mean that efficient communication must be based on tweet-like rhetoric and this form will dominate the future elections ?
'Clearly the rhetoric evolution goes towards to short communication messages , but this also implies simplistic analysis and solutions ? If the answer is affirmative , I see a real risk of the democracy . '
Trump 's confrontational approach began on the campaign trail .
Among his top 10 words in the television debates analysed by the Swiss researchers was 'Mexico ' , and he now plans to build the wall he promised between that country and the US .
The researchers who analysed the television debates from last year 's Presidential race found politicians largely share a common language .
They like to talk , for instance , about the 'people ' and what they have to 'say ' .
But Trump was atypical in keeping things simpler than anyone else .
The percentage of long and potentially confusing words he used in debates was 18.3 percent compared to 26.4 percent for Bernie Sanders .
His top 10 words were compared with Clinton , who lost the Presidency to him , as well as other candidates .
The top terms used by Jeb Bush , brother of former President George W Bush , included 'proven ' , 'status ' and 'brother ' , where Sanders preferred 'Wall Street ' , 'wealth ' and 'class ' .
Long sentences were preferred by O'Malley , Clinton , and Sanders .
A relatively high lexical density percentage indicates a more complex text , containing more information .
But using the transcripts of the TV debates , Trump had the lowest percentage , at just 36.6 percent , compared to 44.6 percent for Cruz .
He was also one of the few Presidential candidates to regularly swear , it was noted in other debates .
The paper found Trump 's distinct communication style was far more direct than any of the other candidates .
His victory has been described by critics as proof that 'dumbed down ' politics is in the ascendancy .
Deep among the streams and Kauri trees of rural south Auckland , New Zealand ’ s newest and most alternative school is in session . The weather is fine so a bout of fishing is in order , followed by lunch cooked on an open fire . Homework and classes ? Indefinitely dismissed .
“ We are called a school but we look nothing like any school out there , ” says Joey Moncarz , co-founder and head teacher at Deep Green Bush School , which is in term two of its inaugural year .
“ We don ’ t do things like telling kids it is time to write or learn maths . When they are interested in doing it , they do it . ”
Moncarz is an ex-mainstream teacher . After five frustrating years in mainstream schools in New Zealand he quit to found Deep Green Bush school , which has a roll of eight , and no classroom walls , time-out chairs or tests .
Concerned that mainstream schools were not preparing children for the global problems of the future – such as climate change – Moncarz envisioned a radically different kind of education , rooted in the primal skills of hunting , gathering and survival .
If the weather allows , pupils spend the majority of their day outdoors , exploring the New Zealand bush , learning to fish and hunt , trapping possums ( which are considered a pest ) and learning about the flora and fauna of their home .
The more traditional school skills , such as reading , writing and arithmetic , are acquired at their own pace , after they begin showing an interest in them . Not , says Moncarz , when the teacher dictates it is time to learn .
“ We don ’ t have what you ’ d traditionally consider problem kids , ” says Moncarz .
“ Our parents saw their kids were unhappy and stressed in mainstream education and they started questioning ; is it normal or right for kids to come home stressed and unhappy ? Having taught in a mainstream school , I ’ d say most kids are stressed and unhappy . ”
Bush school is registered with the Ministry of Education as an independent school , and therefore does not have to abide by the standard New Zealand curriculum , although it is subject to ministerial oversight .
Loosely inspired by the Sudbury Valley School in the US , which in turn was inspired by A.S Neill ’ s Summerhill school in the UK , since launching in January Moncarz has been fielding requests from around New Zealand and abroad to open chapters of Bush School in places as far afield as China and Europe .
Dr David Berg , a senior lecturer in education at the University of Otago , says there is a growing precedent for alternative “ bush ” schools worldwide , especially in Scandinavia , where some kindergarten children go ice-fishing during the school day .
Moncarz insists that the school isn ’ t an “ experiment ” in education , and is based on two million years of evidence of how parents have raised their kids , at one with nature .
“ We don ’ t want to be one of a kind , we want to replace mainstream schools , ” said Moncarz .
“ We are using the same wisdom parents have used to teach their kids for millions of years . Locking kids in a classroom and forcing them to learn just causes a lot of problems . ”
If your secret life dream , like ours , is to binge-watch a reality show with a bunch of cats , here 's your treat .
An Icelandic news website has released a live , reality-style YouTube show featuring four , nine-week-old kittens living in a dollhouse stocked with bunk beds , toys and of course cameras .
The name of the show : “ Keeping Up With The Kattarshians . ”
According to Iceland Magazine , the kittens ― named Guðni , Stubbur , Briet and Ronja ― were moved into the house after they were found in an industrial park in Reykjavik with their mother .
Each cat has its own history and peculiar character .
Poor Stubbur suffered an injury to his tail and the veterinarian had to amputate part of it . Despite that , it is apparently the pack leader !
Briet is optimistic , reserved but very determined .
Ronja is a fighter - she was the weakest of the group and was the only one not gaining weight — but she recovered and now is the sweetest among them .
Guðni is very sociable - he 's a black and white male who loves to tease his siblings and LOVES food .
The show is produced by local news site Nútíminn along with the cat shelter Kattavinafélagið ( “ The cat-friendship society ” ) with the aim to raise awareness of stray cats and help them find a home .
Nútíminn said the project was approved by the Icelandic Humane Society and one of the cats has already been adopted .
Most countries in the world offer a deal offering fast-tracked residency permits and , ultimately , citizenship in return for investments in local businesses and property .
With the UK voting to leave the European Union , it is becoming more attractive for wealthy Brits to look elsewhere for access to the European single market and the freedom of movement to travel and work across the 28-nation trading bloc .
A study by citizenship consultancy firm Henley and Partners analysed the programmes offered by different governments across the world , ranking them by value , quality and reputation among other metrics .
Here are the EU countries that performed the best for cheap and easy access to residency .
12 . Bulgaria - A deposit of around €500,000 in a Bulgarian government bond portfolio for five years is enough to qualify for Bulgaria 's residency programme .
11 . Greece - After being granted a so-called `` D '' visa , investors can apply for Greek residency after purchasing properties with a total value of €250,000 .
10 . Cyprus - The Mediterranean island offers a low corporation tax of 12.5 % for residents ' businesses but to apply you need to buy a property worth more than €300,000 .
9 . Monaco - Residents of Monaco are not subject to income tax , capital gains tax or wealth tax and are able to travel visa-free to all Schengen area countries .
8 . Jersey - The island of Jersey is attractive for its low tax regime and mild climate . The minimum investment for residency costs £125,000 a year and is only open to those earning more than £625,000 .
7 . United Kingdom - The UK might not be cheap but it is an attractive destination for rich families looking for good private schooling . The residency programme is tiered , asking for £2 million , £5 million and £10 million from investors .
6 . Latvia - To obtain a Latvian temporary residence permit , one has to buy real estate worth €250,000 and pay a 5 % government fee .
5 . Spain - The country has a similar programme to Portugal , and a resident permit can be obtained by buying a €500,000 house or investing €2 million in Spanish government debt .
4 . Malta - Malta applies a low 15 % tax rate for permanent residents , and the programme can be accessed for relatively little money — the purchase of a €275,000 property should do it .
3 . Portugal - To obtain Portuguese residency one can create 10 jobs with a business , transfer €1 million into a Portuguese bank or buy a house for €500,000 .
2 . Belgium - A Belgian residency application takes as little as two months to process and employment in the country may be a qualifier on its own , negating the need for investment .
1 . Austria - Austria offers 10 different types of residency permit that do not require an investment and which can be used for visa-free travel across the Schengen area .
Forget your standard meal deal of a burger , fries and a drink .
Olympic athletes have been ordering ridiculous amounts of food from McDonald 's , forcing the free restaurant in the village to place a 20 items limit on orders , according to the Washington Post .
The order limit has been imposed to limit the time athlete 's have to spend waiting in line , with some athletes literally waiting hours to place their order .
The line is rarely shorter than a football field even at 5am and athletes queue in all sorts of weather including the torrential down pours that Rio has produced during the games .
The free food has been like a red rag to a bull to some athletes and Australian badminton player Sawan Serasinghe is a prime example - posting a picture of his king sized McDonald 's order to his Instagram account .
The athletes see the free food as a release from months of hard work and Serasinghe captioned his picture 'Now it 's time to eat some junk food after months of eating clean ' .
Athlete 's have also cited that they ate at the restaurant because the games village cafe food was 'not very good ' and it was also a way to celebrate victories .
At any given time athletes from all over the world can be found queuing up for a burger and even Australia 's own Basketball superstar Andrew Bogut has eaten there .
Serbian women 's tennis player and former world number one , Jelena Jankovic is another high profile athlete who has enjoyed a 'cheat meal ' .
If you want to get ahead , get a hairbrush .
Conventional wisdom has it that those blessed with a pretty face are more likely to be a shoo-in for top jobs .
But now a new study suggests that even those not so lucky in life ’ s lottery have the power to turn the head of an employer .
The secret to a successful job interview is probably more down to locks and socks than looks and sex-appeal , according to researchers .
Chicago and California Universities followed the career paths of 14,600 men and women over 13 years , starting when they were still at school .
In that time , the participants were interviewed four times face-to-face and were rated by those quizzing them for physical attractiveness and standard of personal grooming .
The study – published in the journal Research in Social Stratification and Mobility - found that being well turned-out was the key factor in predicting a person ’ s salary , regardless of looks , education , family background , weight or race .
Those judged to be best groomed earned around 70 percent more than the scruffiest – an average of $ 35,500 compared with $ 21,000. ``
A smart appearance wiped out the advantage that naturally attractive men enjoyed over their peers with those taking care to look their best averaging $ 40,000 no matter their physical appeal .
Meanwhile , the effect was even stronger for women with the highest earners being those who were well-groomed yet unattractive on $ 36,000 compared with poorly-groomed/unattractive on $ 14,000 and well-groomed/attractive on $ 32,000 .
The study states : ‘ We find that attractive individuals earn roughly 20 percent more than people of average attractiveness , but this gap is reduced when controlling for grooming , suggesting that the beauty premium can be actively cultivated .
‘ Grooming is the key that provides women access to the premia associated with attractiveness .
‘ While good grooming is beneficial for men , it is imperative for women , and allows women to access labour market rewards regardless of how physically attractive they are rated . ’
Naomi Isted , editor of the online magazine Ultimate Lifestylist , said : ‘ Making an effort shows you take care and have pride in how you look and want to be perceived . I always notice if someone takes care of themselves .
‘ Dressing appropriately for occasions is key . If you are going for a work-related meeting then make the effort to follow the dress code for your industry .
‘ I think we should all push ourselves to be the best version we can be in all areas of our life .
‘ It may be a pressure on women today but I think we should all embrace our inner goddess .
‘ Celebrity culture means women will invest in their appearance a lot more than they used to , but it ’ s great to try and make the most of what we have - though as naturally as possible . ’
Previous research has claimed that attractive people get hired more quickly and are rewarded with promotion sooner .
President Xi Jinping has left for his first state visit to the United States . Ever wondered how large the president 's entourage is ? Who will get aboard the same plane with him ? Here are the answers to all your queries .
Q1 . How many people will be on the presidential plane ?
A1 . No more than 100 .
Lu Peixin , former acting director of the Protocol Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , told reporter that based on his experience of previous visits the plane carries about 40 to 50 people .
When President Xi visited Russia for the first time in 2013 , Xinhua News Agency reported that fewer people from Beijing accompanied Xi than before , which means Xi may reduce his team further .
Q2 . What is the special plane like ?
A2 . There is no `` special plane '' for Chinese leaders . The planes are provided by Air China .
Lu Peixin said that Air China provides double-deck Boeing 747s for Chinese President Xi 's state visits , which are also used as passenger planes in ordinary days . Lu said it takes more than a month to select the crew , install facilities and carry out security checks before setting out .
A refitted plane consists of four sections . President 's cabin is in the front , which comprises a living room , a bedroom and an office , taking one-third space of the plane . The cabin for ministers follows , which `` resembles a deluxe cabin in a passenger plane '' . The most important officials are seated in this cabin . Every seat is equipped with a small desk . The third cabin is for those at departmental level , which `` is also spacious and like a first-class cabin '' . The back of the plane is for others , which is similar to cabins in ordinary passenger planes .
Q3 . Who accompanies President Xi ?
A3 . Mainly four kinds of dignitaries .
1 . First Lady Peng Liyuan
Peng has accompanied President Xi in his 10 out of 14 foreign visits since he took office . Lu Peixin said Peng 's agenda would be arranged separately by the Protocol Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs if she goes with President Xi . Besides , the Protocol Department usually appoints a female division chief , a female interpreter , and usually female security personnel to accompany the first lady .
2 . Three deputies at the state level
When Chinese president or premier visits other countries , officials above the provincial level also accompany them .
Lu said the main team includes the first lady , director of the Policy Research Office of the CPC Central Committee , director of the General Office of the CPC Central Committee , and the State councilor in charge of diplomacy .
Wang Huning , a member of the Communist Party 's Politburo and director of the Policy Research Office of the CPC Central Committee ; Li Zhanshu , a member of the Communist Party 's Politburo , member of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee and director of the General Office of the CPC Central Committee ; and Yang Jiechi , the State councilor in charge of diplomacy go with President Xi on his every foreign visit .
3 . Minister-level officials
Wangyi , minister of Foreign Affairs ; Xu Shaoshi , head of the National Development and Reform Commission ; Gao Hucheng , the commerce minister are among the regular list of minister-level officials who go with the president .
President Xi will cover multiple topics during his visit , for example , environmental protection and network security . As a result , principals of relevant departments of environment and information security may accompany him .
`` The list is decided by not only the relation between the two countries , but also the business contacts , as well as the main issues that will be addressed during the visit , '' Lu said .
4 . Other officials
Taking the Ministry of Foreign Affairs as an example , Lu Peixin said the North America and Oceania Department , Protocol Department and Information Department will send officials led by the directors respectively .
Along with them , the officials of departments dealing with the America affairs , for example , North America and Oceania Department of Ministry of Commerce , will be there .
Besides , the secretaries and security personnel of the leaders , as well as a few journalists will be included .
According to Lu , over 20 crew members , including the captain , machinists , aviators , duty operators , attendants , are also in the entourage . Since most of the foreign trips are long-range flight , `` the entire flight crew is divided into two groups and on duty alternatively , '' he said .
Everyone from Kim Kardashian and Margot Robbie to Rosamund Pike and Cheryl Fernandez-Versini have chopped off their long locks recently , making shorter hair a bona fide trend .
But the rise in these shorter haircuts is n't just down to their flattering face-framing effects .
According to the Sunday Times , the growing popularity of shorter haircuts is also sign of economic recovery , since they require more frequent trips to the salon and are therefore more pricey to maintain .
Celebrity hairdresser Stuart Phillips , whose clients have included Serena Williams and Jamie Oliver , told the newspaper that he believes shorter hairdos are a sure sign that the economy is bouncing back .
He said : 'Products are flying off the shelf , more than they used to even a few months ago . '
And it 's not just the fact that shorter styles require more sprays and gels .
The upkeep of a lob ( long bob ) or pixie crop is also time-consuming , with some women having to visit the salon every four to six weeks to maintain the look .
By contrast , women with longer hair can leave it a few months before going in to top up their trims .
'With short hair you need to keep it in shape , ' explained Mr Phillips . 'With long hair , a lot of women tend to leave it months on end . '
Cheryl Fernandez-Versini , who is the face of L'Oreal , debuted her new layered bob just last week on the Graham Norton Show .
And Aussie actress Margot Robbie chose the Oscars to show off her new shorter blonde look .
A-list trends may not be the best indication of a pattern in the real world , but according to hairdresser Drew Foster , who owns Foster Hair & amp ; Beauty inLondon 's Shoreditch neighborhood , non-famous women are also following suit .
'Girls are going shorter , ' he said , adding that his salon charges about £48 for a bob , with women tending to come in every six weeks to maintain the style .
But Mr Foster feels that the trend is more a sign of modernity than of economic change , since women visit salons even during a recession because they see it as a way of treating themselves .
In any case , he says he 's definitely a fan of the new It-style .
He said : 'It used to be that girls had long hair and men had short .
'Finally it 's 2015 and things have shifted - and I think that 's very exciting . '
It 's not just hair that gets shorter during a recovery - rising hemlines are also an indication that the economy is on the up .
And judging by this year 's London Fashion Week shows , where labels including Topshop , Julien Macdonald and Giles showcased leg-baring A-line minis , it 's a trend that is here to stay .
Seeing the 'Low Battery ' alert on your smartphone is enough to send anyone into a frenzy . But a group of researchers have developed a solution that not only lets you power your own device , but allows you to share your charge with others in need - without using a power pack .
Called PowerShare , this technology consists of flexible coils and docking aids embedded in a smartphone or smartwatch to transfer power to devices just by touching them together .
There are a number of products on the market that provide Wireless Power Transfer ( WPT ) for smartphone users that power their phones without the need of an outlet . Although power packs and mobile hand generators are good back-ups , they can be bulky and a nuisance when traveling .
Once the technology is placed inside a smartwatch or smartphone , simply tap it with another device and watch it charge .
The creators estimate that around 12 seconds of charging would give users one minute of talk time and two minutes would generate enough power to watch four minutes of a video .
The average Wireless Power Transfer gadget consist of at least two coils , one located in the power transmitter and the other in the power receiver , reports LiveScience .
As electricity moves through the power transmitter coil , it creates an electromagnetic field that sends a charge to the next coil .
To develop PowerShare , researcher experimented with a variety of different power transmitters and receiver coils .
In order to recreate the magnetic shielding , they used ferrite plate and copper tape placed on the back of coils – this hindered transmitted energy from getting close to human tissue .
The researchers also found that flexible coils can be used in the system and are ideal for smartwatch straps .
'Our design emphasizes safety , minimizes form factor , presents flexible coils and shows real world power transfer up to 3.1 volts , ' said the researchers .
However , just like most new technology PowerShare does have its limitations – twice as much energy needs to be transmitted as is received .
electromagnetic field : 电磁场
Vladimir Putin has beaten Donald Trump to top Forbes magazine 's annual list of the world 's most powerful people , taking the number one spot for the third consecutive year .
The Forbes list , now in its eighth year , identifies 74 people - one for every 100 million on the planet - whose actions have the most impact across the world . Factors taken into consideration include the amount of people a person has power over , the financial resources they control , whether they have influence in more than one sphere , and how actively they wield their power to change the world .
This year , 28 members of the list serve as chief executives of major companies . The top ten of those CEOs - all of whom are American - run firms with a combined market capitalisation of $ 3tn , Forbes reports .
Trump 's rise to second from number 72 last year is the biggest ever on the list . Other notable entries associated with him include the vice-president-elect , Mike Pence , at number 69 , Rex Tillerson , the outgoing ExxonMobil chief who was selected this week as Trump 's nominee for secretary of state , at number 24 , and the Blackstone Group CEO , Stephen Schwarzman , who has been appointed to Trump 's panel of economic advisers , at number 52 . Several Trump donors are on the list as well , including Sheldon Adelson , the CEO of Las Vegas Sands , at number 72 , and the Silicon Valley billionaire Peter Thiel at 73 .
Angela Merkel , the German chancellor , remains the most powerful woman , at number 3 . The British prime minister , Theresa May , is a new addition to the list at number 13 , replacing her predecessor David Cameron , who was ranked at number 8 last year . Barack Obama drops to 48 .
Travis Kalanick , the CEO of Uber , who drove the company to become the richest startup in history , is new at number 64 , and Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg is the youngest person on the list , at number 10 .
`` Forbes 's list this year of the world 's most powerful people reflects rapid and profound change happening around the globe , '' said David Ewalt , Forbes contributing editor . `` The biggest trend this year is likely the rise to power of Donald Trump , as well as the increasing power of his supporters and allies . ''
Unfolding events in the White House , as well as those in Aleppo and Europe , including Britain 's vote to leave the European Union , have made 2016 a significant year for Putin , who has helped reshape the global landscape .
Trump , who last week was named Time 's person of the year , has continued to stoke concerns over his relationship with the Russian leader , in part by dismissing CIA reports of Russian intervention in the US presidential election .
A number of appointments by the incoming president , including that of Tillerson , have represented significant gains for Moscow , and members of the US intelligence community recently told the Guardian they even feared reprisals from Trump over their previous assessments of Russia 's hostile conduct .
A busybody dad has created an app to stop kids from ignoring their parents ' phone calls or texts .
Nick Herbert was unable to contact his son , Ben , so came up with a way of stopping the 13-year-old from screening his calls .
The 45-year-old built the ReplyASAP messaging app which takes over the recipient 's phone screen and sounds an alarm - and does n't stop until it is answered .
Parents are told if their kids have seen their message and if the troublesome teen 's phone is turned off then a message pending sign will show on the sender 's phone .
Now Mr Herbert , from West Wickham in London , is selling his creation to help stressed out parents across the country keep track of their children .
'My son started at Langley Park School for Boys a couple of years ago and has a smartphone ' , said Mr Herbert .
'I thought this would make getting hold of him easier , but it does n't at all .
'In fact , he is always playing games and has the phone on silent . It drives me crazy ' , he said .
He hopes the app will make their relationship better as a result .
'It will alleviate the stress when I ca n't get hold of him as I will know that he has seen my message ' , he said .
However , currently the app only works with Android and his 13-year-old Ben has an iOS phone .
He is keen to get his app working on iPhone devices as soon as possible .
The process of building the app - which is currently only available in the UK - has taken eight months and has been complicated and expensive , but Mr Herbert believes it will take off .
The app costs 99p ( $ 1.28 ) to snoop on one person , £2.49 ( $ 3.21 ) to track four people , £6.99 ( $ 9 ) for ten people and £12.99 ( $ 16.73 ) for platinum , which connects with 20 numbers .
All users will be able to connect to one child for free when they download the app .
Parents might be pleased but Mr Herbert acknowledged teens might be wary of the intrusive invention .
'As they are teenagers I realise they are n't going to be massively keen . My son has n't really said anything negative about the app . It is all about him understanding why it 's there ' , he said .
'If I have something important to say I will send an urgent message . Hopefully It will make things a bit easier .
'Will it be the bane of his life ? Maybe , I 'm not going to be using it all the time to speak to him . It is supposed to be a failsafe . '
Microsoft founder Bill Gates again tops Forbes ' list of the world 's richest people , in a year when the number of billionaires rose 13 % to 2,043 .
According to the magazine 's annual rich list , Mr Gates ' fortune rose to $ 86bn , from $ 75bn , followed by investor Warren Buffett , up $ 14.8bn to $ 75.6bn .
It was bad news for US President Donald Trump , who slipped 220 spots to 544 and must now rub along on just $ 3.5bn .
Forbes said the $ 1bn fall in his wealth was due to the slow US property market .
There were 183 tech billionaires on the Forbes list , with a combined $ 1tn in wealth . The list is dominated by US billionaires .
Others in the top 10 included Amazon founder Jeff Bezos , who moved up to number three with the biggest gain of any person on the planet , a $ 27.6bn rise in his fortune of $ 72.8bn .
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg was number five and Oracle co-founder Larry Ellison was number seven .
The global population of billionaires , now put at a record 2,043 , marks the biggest annual increase in the 31 years since the magazine began compiling the list .
The number of US billionaires on the list was 565 , which Forbes attributed to the recent stock market surge since Mr Trump 's November 2016 election .
China was second with 319 billionaires , and Germany was third with 114 .
The number of women on the list rose to 227 from 202 , giving them a collective net worth of $ 852.8bn . For the second year running France 's Liliane Bettencourt , the L'Oreal cosmetics heiress , was the world 's wealthiest woman with a $ 39.5bn net worth .
Bill Gates has topped the Forbes list for 18 of the past 23 years .
There were 195 newcomers on the list , dominated by billionaires from the Chinese mainland .
The youngest billionaire for the second year running is Alexandra Andresen , 20 , after her father transferred some $ 1.2bn .
The youngest self-made billionaire is John Collison , 26 , worth $ 1.1bn after founding the Stripe online payment site .
Trump 's tumble
Forbes attributed the US president 's slide down the list to the sluggish Manhattan property market , which is responsible for a disproportionate amount of his wealth .
`` Forty percent of Donald Trump 's fortune is tied up in Trump Tower and eight buildings within one mile of it , '' Forbes said .
The magazine also said that his wealth was hit by $ 66m in political spending on his successful presidential campaign , as well as $ 25m to settle litigation he allegedly ripped off students at Trump University .
Forbes ' top ten :
Bill Gates ( Microsoft co-founder ) : $ 86bn
Warren Buffett ( US investor ) : $ 75.6bn
Jeff Bezos ( Amazon founder ) : $ 72.8bn
Amancio Ortega ( Inditex founder ) : $ 71.3bn
Mark Zuckerberg ( Facebook founder ) : $ 56bn
Carlos Slim ( Mexican magnate ) : $ 54.5bn
Larry Ellison ( Oracle co-founder ) : $ 52.2bn
Charles Koch ( US businessman ) : $ 48.3bn
David Koch ( US businessman ) : $ 48.3bn
Michael Bloomberg ( Bloomberg founder ) : $ 47.5bn
James Bond is one of the few constants that movie lovers have in this crazy world of ours . We seem to know that , no matter what , a new Bond movie is always on the way .
The history of James Bond theme songs isn ’ t quite as long as some might suspect , however . The first two films in the series – Dr. No and From Russia With Love – didn ’ t have opening songs , they had orchestral arrangements . Dr. No even segued into a weird rendition of “ Three Blind Mice. ” Later on , On Her Majesty ’ s Secret Service gave the opening number amiss and snuck its theme song into the middle and end of the movie .
These are the official James Bond theme songs , ranked from worst to best , with two honorable mentions because they may or may not count , but were just that good , dang it .
James Bond Themes Honorable Mention : “ We Have All The Time in the World ” by Louis Armstrong
On Her Majesty 's Secret Service gets an honorable mention on our list of James Bond Theme songs .
One of the best James Bond theme songs wasn ’ t actually played over the opening credits , so we ’ re giving it our first honorable mention . This enormously romantic song from On Her Majesty ’ s Secret Service is one of the few James Bond themes that helps tell the story of the film , in which our hero finally meets the love of his life . ( Alas , it was short-lived . ) Satchmo warbles his trademark warble , our hearts melt , and a classic is born .
Sex with robots will be a new type of intimacy ... Apparently .
In November we reported on Abyss Creations , a company which has been developing realistic sex dolls for 20 years , and are currently planning on releasing new models – equipped with warm , life-like genitalia – in 2017 .
But if you thought that it couldn ’ t get any weirder – prepare to be wrong .
Because it seems like Westworld is slowly becoming a reality - sex robot makers might soon be rolling out made-to-order identical models of your celebrity crush .
This is really happening .
According to Love and Sex with Robots author David Levy , celebrities could soon license their images to robot manufacturers , who would then create lifelike robot versions .
In addition to companies using photographs and video to make the models look like your chosen celebrity , they can even give the thing a pulse , mimicking life .
It gets worse/better .
These robots will be so life-like that they will eventually be able to mimic the chosen celebrity 's behavior and characteristics .
Last year one Scarlett Johansson super fan spent £34,000 to create a doll in the actress ' image . It even responds to compliments with smiles and giggles .
So you see , you won ’ t just get an Adele sex robot , you can get her laugh too .
What a time to be alive .
A San Francisco fast food restaurant has opened with no waiting staff or cashiers and instead dispenses its meals using a giant vending machine .
Customers of eatsa , in the middle of the city 's financial district , order their dishes on iPads , which are prepared by staff in a hidden kitchen and delivered to the fully automated 'cubbies ' . The only staff that can be seen are in store to help customers with problems they may have with the software . The restaurant offers a range of Quinoa-based salads .
According to Tim Young , eatsa 's co-founder the company 'is reinventing fast food by combining the speed and affordability of fast food with the delicious flavors and nutritious ingredients of premium fast casual . 'By developing new technology to automate every aspect of the food experience , we are able to deliver a product with the best qualities of premium fast casual at a price point that is accessible to everyone . '
The customers order their food using a virtual cashier , who retains details of previous purchases allowing tailored suggestions . When the food is ready , the dish is delivered to an individual glass door 'cubby ' which shows personalized graphics allowing the customer to quickly identify their own lunch .
Vocabulary
Twitter is reportedly planning to abandon its famous 140-character limit and allow tweets up to 10,000 characters long .
The proposed 71-times increase in the limit , allowing tweets of roughly 2,000 words in length , would be the latest departure from the origins of Twitter since the social network 's co-founder Jack Dorsey returned as chief executive last year .
While Twitter is beloved by dedicated users in the media and public eye , it has failed to grow significantly in the last year while its major rivals Facebook and Instagram have stretched ahead .
According to technology website Re/Code , Twitter plans to introduce the change towards the end of the first quarter of the year . Twitter has not confirmed this .
The company has previously been reported to be raising the tweet limit above 140-characters , which was chosen when the service launched in 2006 to allow tweets and usernames to be received in a single text message , which had a 160-character limit .
Users now experience Twitter via smartphone apps , rather than text messages , but the limit has been a defining hallmark of the service , allowing multiple tweets to be read within a timeline . Extending the character limit is unlikely to mean enormous tweets appearing in feeds , however , with messages likely to be condensed to 140 characters and a `` read more '' option .
Still , reports of the move generated a mixed reaction to say the least .
Earlier this week , an investigative video created by news and pop culture website SourceFed went viral , drawing millions of views on Facebook and YouTube .
The seven-minute-long video accused the search giant Google of manipulating autocomplete suggestions to be more favorable to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton , with some examples of how Google differed from its competitors Bing and Yahoo .
It claimed , for instance , that typing in `` Hillary Clinton cri '' would result in terms like `` Hillary Clinton crime reform '' rather than `` crimes , '' or that `` Hillary Clinton ind '' would yield `` Hillary Clinton Indiana '' rather than `` indictment . ''
In comparison , the video noted that autocomplete results for `` Donald Trump rac '' would include the word `` racist '' and `` Bernie Sanders soc '' would yield `` socialist . ''
`` The intention is clear . Google is burying potential searches for terms that could have hurt Hillary Clinton in the primary elections over the past several months by manipulating recommendations on their site , '' SourceFed 's Matt Lieberman said in the video , published Thursday .
Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump , who has repeatedly accused the media of biased coverage of `` Crooked Hillary , '' even weighed in on the SourceFed video .
`` If this is true , it is a disgrace that Google would do that , '' Trump said in a statement sent to Business Insider . `` Very , very dishonest . ''
`` They should let it float and allow people [ to ] see how crooked she really is , '' he added .
But Google is denying that its search results are tipping the scales toward Clinton -- or any other political figure , for that matter .
In a statement to the Washington Times , a Google spokesperson said `` Google Autocomplete does not favor any candidate or cause . ''
And in a Friday blog post , Tamar Yehoshua , Google 's vice president of product management in charge of the site 's search feature , further explained that the autocomplete feature will not offer up derogatory terms in relation to any person .
`` The autocomplete algorithm is designed to avoid completing a search for a person 's name with terms that are offensive or disparaging , '' Yehoshua wrote . `` We made this change a while ago following feedback that Autocomplete too often predicted offensive , hurtful or inappropriate queries about people . This filter operates according to the same rules no matter who the person is . ''
Yehoshua emphasized that autocomplete terminology `` is n't an exact science '' and the results of the algorithm `` changes frequently . ''
`` Predictions are produced based on a number of factors including the popularity and freshness of search terms , '' he added . `` Given that search activity varies , the terms that appears in Autocomplete for you may change over time . ''
Further , the Google executive noted that while autocomplete predictions are a popular search feature , it does not actively limit the search results .
`` It 's a shortcut for those who are interested , '' Yehoshua said . `` You can still perform whatever search you want to . ''
SourceFed later came out with a follow-up video published Friday to explain the thought process behind their original accusations and defended its results .
`` We saw something that raised a lot of red flags for us so we spent time doing research -- the results of which were worth sharing , '' Lieberman , the SourceFed host , said .
Dutch inventors have unveiled what they called the world ’ s first giant outside air vacuum cleaner – a large purifying system intended to filter out toxic tiny particles from the atmosphere surrounding the machine .
`` It 's a large industrial filter about eight metres long , made of steel ... placed basically on top of buildings and it works like a big vacuum cleaner '' , said Henk Boersen , a spokesman for the Envinity Group which unveiled the system in Amsterdam .
The system is said to be able to suck in air from a 300-metre radius and from up to seven kilometres upwards .
It could treat some 800,000 cubic metres of air an hour , filtering out 100 % of fine particles and 95 % percent of ultra-fine particles , the company said , referring to tests carried out by the Energy Research Centre of the Netherlands ( ECN ) on its prototype .
A large column of air will pass through the filter and come out clear , Boersen told AFP on Tuesday , speaking on the sidelines of a major two-day offshore energy conference in Amsterdam .
Fine particles are caused by emissions from burning wood and other fuels as well as industrial combustion , and have adverse effects on health , according to the European Environment Agency .
About 90 % of EU residents are exposed to levels of such particles which can be carcinogenic above those recommended by the World Health Organisation .
As for ultra-fine particles , they are released by emissions from vehicles as well as aeroplanes , according to Envinity , and can damage the nervous system , including brain cells , and also cause infections .
Governments , businesses and airports were already interested in the project , Boersen said .
Another air-purifying system called the Smog Free Tower was installed in Beijing in September and launched by the Dutch artist Daan Roosegaarde .
Using patented ozone-free ion technology , it is said to clean up to 30,000 cubic metres of air an hour as it blows past the tower , collecting more than 75 % of the harmful particles , according to Studio Roosegaarde .
Students aiming to enter Tsinghua University this year had better be able to swim or be prepared to learn swimming and pass a swim test since the prestigious university will not grant bachelor 's degrees if they can not swim .
This September , would-be freshmen at Tsinghua University will have to take swimming courses if they fail a swimming test at the beginning of their university life , and they wo n't receive their degrees if they can not swim before their graduation , in accordance with a message at a university staff meeting days ago , the Beijing Daily reported on Monday .
Potential freshmen with chronic diseases , skin disease or hydrophobia , once examined and affirmed by medical staff , do n't need to take the required test or course .
Plans are for freshmen to take the test during their military training . In the test , students will pass the test if they can swim 50 meters , no matter whether they choose the breaststroke , butterfly stroke , freestyle or backstroke . Those failing the test have to take a compulsory swimming course .
`` Now Tsinghua University will test students in long-distance running and swimming , so students with poor sports performance will have to overcome a lot of difficulties once they enter the university , '' said a student surnamed Zhang from the Second High School Attached To Beijing Normal University .
However , students do n't need to worry much , since Liu Bo , head of the Division of Sports Science and Physical Education , said relevant statistics showed that 90 percent of students can swim after taking the compulsory swimming course in their second year of university , and the remaining 10 percent will receive instruction after class provided by teachers , without paying extra tuition .
And viewing the ability to swim as a must for students to earn their degrees is not something new in Tsinghua University , as this ability was listed on its school regulations in the early 20th century .
`` As early as 90 years ago , Tsinghua University required that students can not graduate from the university or study overseas if they can not swim , though the requirement did n't work later on since the swimming pools at the campus could not accommodate increasingly more students , '' said Liu .
Many alumni of the prestigious university had to meet the swimming challenge . Renowned writer Liang Shih-chiu , entering Tsinghua University in 1915 , failed the swimming test before his graduation , and he had to do his best at the make-up examination . Luckily his second endeavor got a pass from the head of the Division of Sports Science and Physical Education .
As to why the university is linking swimming ability with degrees , `` as a requisite survival skill , swimming is beneficial for students in the long run , since swimming is helpful in improving students ' endurance and doing less harm to joints and muscles as a water sport , '' said Liu .
There are various ways in which society deems it acceptable for women to enhance their looks but not men .
Want to make your eyes look bigger ? Mascara . Need to cover a spot ? Concealer . Want to make your legs look longer ? Pop on some heels .
But times are a changing , and it appears heels for men are now actually in vogue . Literally , for fashion bible Vogue has decreed it .
“ It takes a self-assured , kingly attitude to confidently clack against the grain , ” they say . “ You could even say these men are on the heels of something sexy . ”
No longer the preserve of short men trying to sneakily improve their stature , some of the most stylish and influential males in the world right now are proudly sporting heels .
We ’ re not talking stilettos , but rather chunky heeled boots .
Kanye West , Harry Styles and Justin Bieber have all been spotted sporting small heels .
Of course , these famous men can pull off all sorts of trends better than the average guy , but their influence should not be underestimated .
“ There ’ s a sort of regal confidence that comes with a man who can wear a heel , ” says Vogue .
Men used to wear heels , but the trend died out around the 18th century .
When Kim Kardashian posted a picture of her family on Instagram in April this year , the internet erupted with chatter about Kanye ’ s modest heeled boots .
In his music video for Sign of the Times , we see Harry Styles soaring over Scotland in noticeable heels .
Russell Brand has worn heels for years .
And even Marco Rubio , the former Republican presidential candidate , was spotted wearing heeled boots - it was duly termed “ Bootgate ” by The New York Times .
Of course , not everyone is on board with this development in the world of male footwear - traditionalists argue that heels are for women and flat shoes are for men . But why should they be ?
Gender lines are blurring and fashion is increasingly androgynous , and men wearing modest heels is just , well , a sign of the times .
We take more photos of ourselves than ever - but it seems selfies are doing little for our self-confidence .
Women typically take and delete five pictures before settling on a selfie they feel comfortable posting online , a survey found .
And men are happy only on their fourth try .
Two in three women ( 64 per cent ) feel anxious just having their photo taken , while looking at snaps on social media made 41 per cent feel bad about themselves , according to a survey of 5,000 people by market researchers OnePoll .
Of the children who were also questioned , which included 58 per cent who took selfies , 79 per cent said they were happy with the way they looked , 67 per cent thought they needed to look good .
ITV 's Good Morning Britain show , which commissioned the research , is encouraging viewers to share the first selfie they take on social media under the hashtag # SelfieEsteem .
Jamelia , Nicky Byrne , Beth Tweddle , Richard Madeley , Piers Morgan , Nancy Dell ’ Olio , Rebecca Ferguson are among the celebrities backing the campaign .
The survey also found a third of women were worried they were passing on body confidence issues to their children and 41 per cent of children did not think their mother was happy with the way she looked .
It also found 15 per cent of women and 19 per cent of men had cropped , filtered , or retouched pictures of their children .
The last videocassette recorder ( VCR ) in Japan will be produced by the end of the month , according to the Nikkei newspaper .
Funai Electric has been producing VHS-playing VCRs for 33 years , most recently in China for Sanyo .
But last year it sold just 750,000 units , down from a peak of 15 million a year , and has been finding it difficult to source the necessary parts .
VCRs were introduced in the 1970s but were superseded by DVD technology .
Last year , Sony announced it would stop selling Betamax video cassettes - a rival to the VHS . VCRs were required to play or record such tapes .
It was 12 years ago that UK High Street retailer Dixons decided to phase out the sale of VCRs due to the popularity of DVD players .
'Niche market '
Some vintage technologies - such as vinyl - have enjoyed a renaissance .
However , Tania Loeffler , an analyst at IHS Technology , does not think the same nostalgia will ever be felt for VCR-playable formats .
`` I do n't see VCR becoming like vinyl , where a lot of people appreciated the warmness of how something sounds on vinyl , '' she told the BBC .
`` The quality on VHS is not something I think anyone would want to go back to . ''
However , she added that a niche market for accessing VHS content , perhaps for archival purposes , would probably mourn the loss of VCRs if they became unavailable .
Artificial human life could soon be grown from scratch in the lab , after scientists successfully created a mammal embryo using only stem cells .
Cambridge University mixed two kinds of mouse stem cells and placed them on a 3D scaffold . After four days of growth in a tank of chemicals designed to mimic conditions inside the womb , the cells formed the structure of a living mouse embryo .
The breakthrough has been described as a ‘ masterpiece ’ in bioengineering , which could eventually allow scientists to grow artificial human embryos in the lab without the need for a sperm or an egg .
Growing embryos would help researchers to study the very early stages of human life so they could understand why so many pregnancies fail , but is likely to prove controversial and raise ethical questions about what constitutes human life .
Currently scientists can carry out experiments on leftover embryos from IVF treatments , but they are in short supply and must be destroyed after 14 days . Scientists say that being able to create unlimited numbers of artificial embryos in the lab could speed up research while potentially removing some of the ethical boundaries .
“ We think that it will be possible to mimic a lot of the developmental events occurring before 14 days using human stem cells , '' said Professor Magdalena Zernicka-Goetz from the Department of Physiology , Development and Neuroscience at Cambridge , who led the research .
`` We are very optimistic that this will allow us to study key events of this critical stage of human development without actually having to work on ( IVF ) embryos . Knowing how development normally occurs will allow us to understand why it so often goes wrong . ''
Britain is currently leading the world in fertility research , and last year a group at the Francis Crick Institute was granted permission to genetically modify human embryos , the first time in the world such a procedure had been approved by regulators .
However such work raises important ethical questions about the sanctity of human life and whether it should be manipulated or created in the lab at all .
Critics warn that allowing embryos to be grown for science opens the door to designer babies and genetically modified humans .
It 's a classic case of being in the right place at the right time . A young street seller oblivious to the scene ahead , her wares perched atop her head , photobombed a shoot and in that split second her life changed forever .
Jumoke Orisaguna is a mother of two who used to walk the streets of Lagos selling bread . Originally a hairstylist from Osun State , south west Nigeria , she was struggling to make ends meet , and left her husband and two children in their home town to become a street vendor in the economic capital .
Working from 2:30pm to 11:00pm selling bread , Jumoke would make less than $ 20 each day -- with a profit of around $ 1 .
Now she 's about to become a top model ; signed to a modeling agency and gaining international fame and prominence .
A happy accident
Renowned Nigerian photographer TY Bello is behind the change in Jumoke 's fortunes . TY was photographing UK popstar Tinie Tempah when Jumoke walked into shot .
`` She seemed a little confused , '' says Bello . `` Some people were asking her to walk past really quickly , others were asking her to stay , she was just in limbo . I said 'is it ok to take your photograph ? ' And she nodded ok . ''
`` I did n't think I made a great image , '' Bello says , but once she posted the shots on social media , interest in Jumoke exploded .
`` When the photographs landed for the first time on social media , everyone immediately thought she was a model , '' Bello explains .
`` No one believed she just walked past . It occurred to me that if everyone thought she should be a model then maybe she should be one , then the search for her began . ''
A contract with Few Models followed and soon Jumoke 's face will appear on billboards after landing a lucrative contract .
Long term future
`` I never expected this would ever happen to me , '' says the erstwhile bread seller . `` My friends have told me they saw me on the TV and they are really happy . My parents can not believe their own child can become such a success . They are all so happy . ''
Now the mum of two has been given a scholarship to complete her education , and a bank has offered to pay for schooling for her two children , aged five and one , until university age .
`` Everyone connected with the story because everybody has dreams , '' argues Bello . `` This is a very tough time in my country ... Everyone is looking for that magical break ... I think this is definitely divine because the way people have connected with it is just phenomenal . It 's a phenomenal story . ''
Singapore may hold the dubious title of “ most expensive city in the world , ” but it remains the most popular place for expats to live and work , according to an annual survey of expats released by HSBC .
Expats praised the city-state for its appealing salaries , career development opportunities and quality of life . And despite the eye-watering cost of living day-to-day in Singapore ( including transport costs three-times that of New York ) , more than a quarter of its expats who responded to the 2015 Expat Explorer survey said they earned more than $ 200,000 per annum ( compared to just 13 % of expats globally ) .
A salary increase or chance to get ahead in a career are often the big incentives to move abroad , but an increasing number of expats are travelling to new countries for personal rather than financial reasons , the HSBC study found . Three in five of the people surveyed said they had not experienced an immediate increase in their pay , but more than half , 53 % , said their quality of life had improved after moving .
Destinations where expats were most likely to have relocated in order to improve wellbeing were New Zealand , Spain and Portugal , while Sweden was the most appealing for expats with families , thanks to ample childcare options and the relative ease of organising schools .
A total of 21,950 people from 39 countries responded to HSBC ’ s 2015 survey . The bank asked them to share their views on everything from career and financial wellbeing to quality of life . New Zealand , Sweden , Bahrain and Germany rounded out the top five overall expat destinations , while Egypt , Italy and Brazil were at the bottom of the pack .
The best benefit packages still come from a placement in the Middle East . Some 80 % of expats surveyed in Oman received airfare allowances for trips home , and in Qatar 75 % received an accommodation allowance . The global average for both measures was 33 % .
Contractual benefits in locations outside the Middle East were less common . Just over half of global expats ( 52 % ) received health and medical allowances and over a fifth ( 21 % ) were given a relocation allowance .
A Chinese social media user who filmed himself throwing away the shoes of a sleeping barefoot traveller has caused a social media storm .
The video , uploaded to the web portal NetEase , shows an angry man at an airport in Xiamen picking up the traveller 's shoes and throwing them into a nearby bin .
`` I saw a man lying on the seats with his shoes and socks off , '' the man says . `` What will foreigners think if they see such ill manners - they will wonder about how low Chinese peoples ' standards are . ''
Over 7,000 social media users have left comments on his video . The video by the man , who has not yet been named by the media , has caused a stir because it is frowned upon to be barefoot in China .
Feet have long played an important part in Chinese culture . In traditional Chinese medicine , they are considered crucial to a person 's health . Being barefoot is considered unhygienic , and in public it is an extreme taboo .
But it is also frowned upon in the home . It is common practice for people - including visitors - to wear slippers around the house .
The unnamed man who threw away the shoes of a barefoot traveller has won online respect .
Many popular comments on NetEase and Sina Weibo users praised the `` handsome '' man for his actions .
Many comments said he `` did the right thing '' and that the shoeless man was `` breaking public order and morals '' .
`` His approach is certainly right '' , user `` Qing Agoin '' says , but she asks whether his behaviour is `` a little extreme ? ''
Many said that the shoeless man 's behaviour was `` uncivilised '' , but others took an equally dim view of the vlogger , saying that `` throwing away someone 's belongings is illegal '' .
Some accused the vlogger of seeking publicity and trying to `` get his name out there . ''
`` Marong '' accused him of `` grandstanding '' , asking why he was n't `` able to first talk with the man '' .
And `` TristaBXGE '' asked , '' Why is everything linked to 'overseas ? ' '' she asked . `` Is 'improving quality ' all for foreigners ? ''
This is allegedly James McAvoy AND Luke Evans . Allegedly .
This is supposedly Orlando Bloom and Luke Evans , but they do n't convincingly pass as separate human beings .
Seriously , which of these mouths belong to Orlando Bloom ?
1 . Maybe there 's a large cloning facility in the Hollywood Hills producing reliably compelling lead actors in gigantic spawning tanks .
Because , honestly , this ca n't be nature 's work .
2 . Do you think there 's actually just a shortage of men so they 're just using the same ones and hoping we wo n't notice ?
3 . Or perhaps Hollywood simply only employs identical twins ?
Although triplets are acceptable too , clearly .
This is supposedly three different people , named Zac Efron , Chace Crawford , and Ian Somerhalder .
4 . Or are they just trying to make shapeshifters but they 're not that advanced yet so they can only shapeshift ever so slightly ?
Whatever is going on though , they 're clearly doing a sloppy job of keeping it secret . They did n't even bother giving these two different names !
This is Chris Pine and Chris Hemsworth , but you can just call them The Chrises .
We 're on to you , Secret Hollywood Cloning Programme . We 're on to you .
For Rob Willner , when work finishes , playtime begins . He likes nothing more when he gets home of an evening , than to kick off his shoes and upturn a crate of sleek Scandinavian Lego .
“ It ’ s not like I ’ m obsessed with it , but there ’ s a simplicity to Lego models that ’ s quite nice – to clear your mind and help it focus a bit , ” he says , only a touch sheepishly .
Willner is 25 years old , and combines studying for a PhD in anthropology and religion at the University of Kent with youth work in north London , where he lives with his wife , Adele , a teacher . And he is not alone in his childish after-work habits .
According to new research conducted by NPD Group , a retail analyst , sales of toys to adults have increased by almost two thirds over the past five years , and by more than 20 percent in just the last year . As a result , the ‘ toys for adults ’ market ( which , by the way , is a careful Google search , best done at home ) is now worth £300m – and said to be growing three times faster than the children ’ s toy market itself .
As with most things , millennials are largely to blame . More than half of the ‘ kidult ’ spend comes from 18 to 34-year-olds , snapping up everything from £500 Scalextric sets to drones , Nerf guns and £2,00 Star Wars Lego models .
For some it ’ s a chance to recapture the careless raptures of childhood , while for others it ’ s a chance to escape the hassle and hardships of adult life – akin to other ‘ mindfulness aids ’ like adult colouring books and dot-to-dot . For Willner , it ’ s both .
“ It reminds me of the playful side of life , but also helps me to keep perspective . Lego isn ’ t transcendent , but it ’ s fun , and gives you a chance to think about what ’ s really important . ”
At home in Enfield , he has two technicolour crates of loose childhood Lego tucked away under a bed , but also various large “ sentimental ” models ornamenting the house . For instance , there ’ s a Lego VW campervan ( worth £85 ) he and Adele received as a wedding present last summer , reminding them of the full-size version they drove across New Zealand . Or the Star Wars ’ ‘ X-Wing Fighter ’ his youth group recently clubbed together to get him as a thank-you present . Privately , he adds to his collection with a new model every two months or so , normally from the infrastructure-for-fun Lego City range – which isn ’ t as babyish as some .
“ In a way , this comes around with each generation , ” says Lou Ellerton , a brand consultant with considerable experience tracking consumer trends . “ A decade ago , people might remember board game cafés being all over the news . That was Generation X experiencing the same nostalgia and backlash against work ; we called them ‘ greenagers ’ – grown-up teenagers . What we ’ re seeing now is Generation Y having the same feelings , and they ’ re less ashamed about it . ”
Indeed , as millennials have sought to return to the toys of their own childhoods , clever brands have pandered to their every needs , often charging very adult prices for essentially souped-up versions of 90s toys . Could it be that Gen Y , unable to afford to move on with their lives in the traditional sense – getting a mortgage , for one – are seeking more immediate pleasures ?
“ Probably true , ” says Ellerton . “ If they put every spare pound they get into savings now , it could [ still ] take 10 or 15 years to get a deposit . This generation is characterised by not putting off today for tomorrow – they spend on experiences , so £500 for a toy is worth it to them . ”
And it ’ s not just millennials . The ‘ middle aged ’ bracket of 34-50 may be least likely to buy their own toys – as they ’ re most likely to have young children themselves – but baby boomers account for a fifth of the ‘ kidult ’ market spend .
“ I have a lot of toys around the house , but it ’ s more of a way of connecting with the kids , ” says Andrew Birkin , a 71-year-old screenwriter with young children from his second marriage . “ [ The toys ] went away when my older ones grew up , but now I get them out to spend time with them and fiddle about myself . I ’ m fortunate – my five-year-old loves World War One and rockets and planes , so that ’ s interesting for me as well . I even bought a drone , to take photos and show him . ”
Willner ’ s motivations are slightly more profound . When he became a man , it was important he didn ’ t put away childish things .
“ I don ’ t want to be one of these people surrounded by models or spending all my money [ on toys ] , but it ’ s more like a symbol of what really matters – fun . ”
A French pensioner was arrested for trying to smuggle his new Russian bride home in a suitcase - before discovering she was free to travel anywhere in the EU .
The unnamed man , who is in his 60s , was one of thousands of Western men who visit Russia every year to find love .
It is not known where or how he met his young wife , but he assumed that she would not be allowed into the EU without a visa .
Because of these fears , he 'folded ' her into a suitcase and placed her in the luggage rack of a train as he set off back to Nice , in southern France .
At Terespol station , on the border between Poland and Belarus , the woman was found by immigration officials , who immediately arrested the couple .
After searching the suitcase , Polish customs spokesman Dariusz Sienicki said : 'The Russian wife of the owner of the bag was inside . '
There were initial fears that she might have been kidnapped or abused in some other way , however it became clear that she was fine .
Mr Sienicki added : 'She was in good shape and was n't in need of any medical attention . '
Despite this , the arrests were deemed valid because the couple had attempted to avoid border controls , which is a criminal offence .
The wives of men with EU passports can travel wherever they like in the EU , so if the woman had simply sat next to her husband there would have been no problem .
The Russian bride was said to be in her thirties and extremely supple , making it relatively easy for her to fit inside the suitcase .
The couple had risked a three-year jail sentence by attempting to evade border control .
Mr Sienicki said : 'This was the first time I 've seen someone travel like this . She very well could have been a victim of human trafficking . '
The couple were eventually released after questioning and were allowed to carry on with their journey .
Report on the Work of the Government
Delivered at the Fourth Session of the 12th National People 's Congress of the People 's Republic of China on March 5 , 2016
Li Keqiang Premier of the State Council
Esteemed Deputies ,
On behalf of the State Council , I will now report to you on the work of the government for your deliberation and approval . I invite comments on my report from the members of the National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) .
I.Review of the work we did in 2015
In the past year , China has encountered many difficulties and challenges in its development . However , under the leadership of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) headed by General Secretary Xi Jinping , and with confidence and courage , all the people of China have worked to overcome obstacles and have pressed ahead with a pioneering spirit . As a result , progress has been achieved and stability ensured in economic and social development , the main tasks and targets for the year have been fulfilled , and major achievements have been made in reform , opening up , and socialist modernization .
The economy operated within an appropriate range . GDP reached 67.7 trillion yuan , representing an increase of 6.9 % over the previous year-a growth rate faster than that of most other major economies . Food crop production increased for the 12th year in a row . Consumer prices grew slowly . Of particular note , the employment situation overall remained stable , with 13.12 million new urban jobs created over the course of the year , surpassing the year 's target and becoming an economic highlight .
Encouraging progress was made in structural adjustment . The service sector as a proportion of GDP rose to 50.5 % , accounting for more than half for the first time . The contribution of consumption toward economic growth reached 66.4 % . High-tech industries and equipment manufacturing grew faster than other industries . Energy consumption per unit of GDP fell by 5.6 % .
New driving forces for development grew rapidly . Further progress was made in implementing the strategy of innovation-driven development , the penetration of the Internet into all industries picked up pace , and emerging industries grew rapidly . Business startups and innovations by the general public flourished , with the number of newly registered businesses rising by 21.6 % in 2015 , or an average of 12,000 new businesses per day . New driving forces played a major role in keeping employment stable and pushing ahead industry upgrading , and are now driving profound economic and social change in China .
Living standards improved . Personal per capita disposable income increased by 7.4 % in real terms , overtaking the growth rate of the economy . By the end of last year , personal savings deposits had risen by 8.5 % , an increase of more than four trillion yuan . In rural areas , another 64.34 million people gained access to safe drinking water and greater alleviation efforts reduced the number of people living in poverty by 14.42 million .
A number of world-class innovations were made in science and technology.Major headway was made in the development of 3G nuclear power technology , China 's self-developed C919 large jetliner rolled off the assembly line , and Tu Youyou was awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine . These achievements in China 's development , a source of pride and motivation for our people , did not come easily .
They were made in the context of an extremely complicated and challenging international environment . In 2015 , world economic growth fell to its lowest rate in six years , growth in international trade slowed , commodity prices plummeted , and there was growing volatility in the global financial market . All this had a direct impact on China 's economy . They were made at the same time as deep-seated domestic problems were becoming prominent and downward pressure on the economy was mounting . While dealing with the slowdown in economic growth , making difficult structural adjustments , and absorbing the effects of previous economic stimulus policies , China was also confronted with many difficult problems and choices in the running of the economy , and this called for effective responses based on the need both to combine long-term and short-term considerations and to seek benefit and avoid harm . Finally , they were made at a time when China 's economic output had exceeded 60 trillion yuan . Every percentage point of GDP growth today is equivalent to 1.5 percentage points of growth five years ago or 2.5 percentage points of growth ten years ago . The larger the economy grows , the greater the difficulty of achieving growth . In the face of these difficulties and pressures , all our people have truly exerted themselves and progressed step by step to get us where we are today . This once again demonstrates that no difficulty or hardship will ever stop China from moving forward .
I will now move on to discuss the main work we did last year :
Second , we intensified reform and opening up to invigorate the market . Rather than adopting strong stimulus policies that would have an economy-wide impact , we continued to move forward with structural reform . We intensified reform to streamline administration , delegate more powers , improve regulation , and provide better services . We delegated the power or cancelled the requirement for government review for 311 items , cancelled the requirement for verification or approval for 123 professional qualifications , and put a complete stop to the practice of non-administrative review . The number of items which require government approval for new businesses prior to registration was cut by 85 % , and the system of a separate business license , organization code certificate , and taxation registration certificate was replaced by a unified business license with a unified social credit code . Both operational and post-operational oversight over businesses were strengthened , and public service procedures were improved . Government-related procedures for individuals and businesses were made much simpler , such that enthusiasm for stepping out into business and making innovations is rising by the day .
Fiscal , tax , financial , and other key reforms were deepened . The central government cut , by one third , the number of items for which special transfer payments are permitted , while scaling up its general transfer payments . Steady progress was made in replacing business tax with VAT . Ad valorem taxation was extended to cover more types of resource taxes . The upper limit of the floating band on deposit rates was removed , the deposit insurance system was introduced , and the RMB cross-border payment system was established . Pricing reform was intensified , with the number of central government set prices reduced by 80 % and the number of local government set prices cut by more than 50 % . We carried out state-owned enterprise ( SOE ) reforms , rural reforms , and investment and financing reforms , ecological management reforms , and others . Efforts to intensify reform in all respects are beginning to deliver results .
Momentum was created for reform and development through opening up . We worked hard to keep foreign trade stable by adjusting the mechanism for sharing the cost of export tax rebates between the central and local governments , overhauling and regulating charges for imports and exports , increasing trade facilitation , and making changes to the export mix . The number of restrictions on overseas investment in China was cut by 50 % , and over 95 % of overseas-funded projects may now be undertaken on a simple reporting basis . China utilized US $ 126.3 billion of overseas investment , an increase of 5.6 % . Non-financial outward foreign direct investment reached $ 118 billion , up 14.7 % . Pilot free trade zones were established in Guangdong , Tianjin , and Fujian based on the model of the China ( Shanghai ) Pilot Free Trade Zone . The RMB was included in the IMF 's Special Drawing Rights basket . The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank was officially inaugurated , and the Silk Road Fund opened for business . China signed free trade agreements with the Republic of Korea and Australia , respectively , and signed the Protocol to Amend the Framework Agreement on Comprehensive Economic Cooperation between China and ASEAN . Progress was made in the Silk Road Economic Belt and 21st Century Maritime Silk Road Initiative ( the Belt and Road Initiative ) , the pace of our industrial-capacity cooperation with other countries was stepped up , and breakthroughs were made in China 's export of high-speed railway and nuclear power equipment .
Third , we worked to promote industrial innovation and upgrading to improve economic performance . To strengthen the new growth engines , an innovation-driven development plan was adopted along with guidelines on its implementation , policies and measures were introduced to encourage public participation in starting businesses and making innovations , and the Internet Plus action plan was implemented . A great number of makers started businesses and made innovations . Improvements were made to policies in support of agriculture to promote transformation of the agricultural growth model . In addressing the decline in industrial growth and the downward slide incorporate performance , we worked to foster new industries and upgrade traditional ones . We launched the Made in China 2025 initiative to upgrade manufacturing , set up government funds to encourage investment in emerging industries and to develop small and medium-sized enterprises , and established more national innovation demonstration zones . We cut overcapacity and encouraged business acquisitions and restructuring . Cuts made in outdated production capacity over the past three years have included over 90 million metric tons of steel and iron , 230 million metric tons of cement , over 76 million weight cases of plate glass , and more than one million metric tons of electrolytic aluminum . The development of production- and consumer-oriented service industries picked up momentum . We took serious measures to conserve energy , reduce emissions , and protect the environment , exceeding obligatory targets . We released self-imposed emissions reduction targets and contributed to the positive outcomes of international negotiations on climate change .
Fourth , we promoted coordinated development between regions and the new type of urbanization to expand development space . Work continued to promote the coordinated development of the eastern region , the central region , the western region , and the northeast ; priority was placed on moving forward with the Three Initiatives-the Belt and Road Initiative , the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei integration initiative , and the Yangtze Economic Belt initiative . A number of major projects were also launched to develop infrastructure , improve the distribution of industries , and achieve ecological and environmental conservation . Policies and measures were introduced to promote the development of Tibet , Xinjiang , and Tibetan ethnic areas in the provinces of Sichuan , Yunnan , Gansu , and Qinghai . We pressed ahead with the reform of the household registration system , adopted a residence certification system , and stepped up the development of urban infrastructure , making progress in developing new urbanization .
Fifth , we promoted the reform and development of social programs to improve living standards . Despite fiscal constraints , we continued to intensify efforts to help ensure the wellbeing of our people . New policies were launched to create jobs and business startup opportunities for college graduates and those with difficulties finding employment . Over the course of the year , 7.72 million government-subsidized housing units were basically completed in urban areas , work started on the reconstruction of 6.01 million housing units in rundown urban areas , and 4.32 million dilapidated houses in rural areas were rebuilt , helping large numbers of families that are struggling with housing realize their dream of having a home to settle in . We moved more quickly to improve conditions in badly built and poorly operated schools providing compulsory education in poor areas , deepened the reform of the professional title system for elementary and secondary school teachers , and increased the number of students from poor rural areas who were enrolled in key institutions of higher learning by a further 10.5 % . Comprehensive reform was carried out in all public hospitals at the county level , the coverage of the serious disease insurance scheme was extended to more rural and non-working urban residents , a system of assistance for treating major and serious diseases was put in place , and a system for providing living allowances for people with disabilities who are in need and for granting nursing care subsidies to persons with severe disabilities was established . We increased subsistence allowances , benefits for entitled groups , and basic pension benefits for enterprise retirees , implemented the reform of the pension system for employees of Party and government offices and public institutions , and improved their wage system . Efforts to develop basic public cultural services were also intensified . All of this has resulted in a stronger sense of benefit in society .
Sixth , we developed new ways of conducting law-based administration and governance to promote social harmony and stability . The State Council submitted 11 legislative proposals to the Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress and enacted or revised eight sets of administrative regulations . Efforts were accelerated to increase government transparency and expand the application of e-government and online administration . We set up a mechanism to inspect and establish accountability for the implementation of major government policies and introduced third-party evaluations . We responded effectively to natural disasters and emergencies . Efforts were stepped up to ensure workplace safety ; as a result , we have seen a continued reduction in the number of total accidents , including the number of accidents of a serious or large-scale nature as well as those in industries where accidents tend to be more common . We moved ahead with the demonstration initiative to ensure food safety . We strengthened all-round efforts to maintain law and order and cracked down on crimes in accordance with the law to safeguard public security .
The campaign to build understanding of the Three Stricts and Three Honests* was intensified , the CPC Central Committee 's eight-point decision on improving Party and government conduct continued to be implemented , action was taken against formalism , bureaucratism , hedonism , and extravagance , and rigorous efforts were made to carry out the State Council 's three-point decision on curbing government spending . Administrative supervision and oversight through auditing were strengthened . We stepped up efforts to improve Party conduct and government integrity and fight corruption , and brought a number of offenders to justice .
We marked the 70th anniversary of the victory in the Chinese People 's War of Resistance against Japanese Aggression and the Global War against Fascism . This anniversary was a reminder of China 's place in history as the main theater in the East during the Global War against Fascism and its major contribution to the war effort . The Chinese people marked this occasion to demonstrate their dedication to safeguarding peace and upholding justice together with other peoples .
Over the past year , China 's all-round diplomacy has delivered fruitful outcomes . President Xi Jinping and other Chinese leaders have visited many countries and attended international events including the United Nations summits , the G20 Leaders Summit , the 23rd APEC Economic Leaders Meeting , the 21st Session of the Conference of the Parties to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change , the East Asian leaders ' meetings on cooperation , and the World Economic Forum annual meeting 2016 . The Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation and the China-EU Leaders ' Meeting were held , and the China and the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States ( CELAC ) Forum was inaugurated . Fresh progress was made in China 's relations with other major countries ; pragmatic cooperation with neighboring countries was strengthened ; friendship and cooperation with other developing countries grew ; relations with the United Nations and other international organizations and mechanisms were strengthened in all areas ; and notable achievements were made in economic diplomacy and cultural exchanges . As a responsible major country , China played an important constructive role in international and regional affairs .
We owe these achievements to the sound overall decisions made by the CPC Central Committee headed by General Secretary Xi Jinping , and to the concerted and determined efforts of all members of the Party , all members of the armed forces , and all the people of China . On behalf of the State Council , I wish to express our sincere gratitude to the people of all ethnic groups in China including public figures from all sectors of society and to the other parties and the people 's organizations . I express our heartfelt appreciation to our fellow countrymen and women in the Hong Kong and Macao special administrative regions and in Taiwan , and to Chinese nationals overseas . I also wish to express our sincere thanks to the governments , international organizations , and friends from all over the world who have shown understanding and support for China in her endeavor to modernize .
While recognizing our achievements , we are also keenly aware that our country is still confronted with many difficulties and problems in pursuing development . With the decline in global trade , amongst other factors , China experienced a fall in its total imports and exports and failed to reach its growth objective in this regard . Growth in investment is sluggish , overcapacity is a serious problem in certain industries , some enterprises are facing difficulties in production and operations , growth prospects are mixed for different regions and different industries , notable imbalances exist between government revenue and expenditures , the basic institutions for the capital market still need to be improved , and there are latent risks in the financial and other sectors . There are many problems in medical care , education , elderly care , food and medicine safety , income distribution , and urban management that are of concern to the people . The situation remains grave when it comes to environmental pollution , and some regions are frequently hit by severe smog . Particularly distressing , last year saw the sinking of the cruise ship Oriental Star on the Yangtze and the massive explosion in Tianjin Port . The deaths and injuries and the damage and loss of property from these incidents were devastating , and the profound lessons these incidents have taught us should never be forgotten . There are still inadequacies in the work of the government . Some reforms , policies , and measures have not been fully implemented ; a small number of government employees either do not or are unable to fulfill their duties , or behave irresponsibly ; and the corruption and misconduct in some sectors can not be ignored . We must be more mindful of the difficulties ahead , more ready to assume responsibility , and more hardworking in ensuring these problems are solved . The wishes of the people should always determine the aim of our governance ; we must do our utmost to deliver a strong performance in our work and never fail to live up to the great trust the people have placed in us .
Esteemed Deputies ,
The period covered by the 12th Five-Year Plan came to a close in 2015 . During the past five years , impressive achievements were made in China 's development . Since the 18th CPC National Congress in 2012 , we have found ourselves in a complicated international environment , and we have faced the challenging tasks of carrying out reform and development and maintaining stability at home . However , under the guidance of the CPC Central Committee headed by General Secretary Xi Jinping , we have continued our commitment to the general principle of making progress while working to keep performance stable , deepened reform and opening up , and adopted a series of major measures that should deliver both immediate and long-term benefits . As a result , we successfully fulfilled all the main tasks and targets set out in the 12th Five-Year Plan .
First , a high rate of economic development was maintained . During this period , China 's GDP grew at an average annual rate of 7.8 % . This growth enabled China to comfortably maintain its position as the world 's second-largest economy , and become the largest trading nation in terms of goods as well as a major outbound investor .
Second , milestone progress was achieved in structural adjustments . Service industries have grown to be the largest economic sector , information technology has been further integrated into industrialization , and overall agricultural production capacity has notably improved . Consumption has become a major driver of growth . Over half of China 's population now resides in urban areas . Energy consumption per unit of GDP has dropped by 18.2 % , and the emissions of major pollutants have been cut by over 12 % .
Third , across-the-board improvements were made in infrastructure . The length of railways in service reached 121,000 kilometers , of which more than 19,000 kilometers are high-speed rail lines-more than 60 % of the world 's total . The length of expressways open to traffic exceeded 120,000 kilometers , the eastern and middle routes of the South-to-North Water Diversion Project were put into operation , and the world 's largest 4G mobile network was built in China .
Fourth , significant breakthroughs were made in scientific and technological innovation . Original achievements were made in quantum communications , neutrino oscillation , and iron-based high-temperature superconductivity through basic research . World-class advances were made in manned spaceflight , the lunar exploration program , and deep-water exploration .
Fifth , living standards improved significantly . Personal income increased faster than economic growth , and the urban-rural income gap was narrowed . Over 64 million urban jobs were created . Government subsidies were used to build 40.13 million housing units in urban areas , providing new homes for around 100 million people . The number of rural residents living in poverty was cut by more than 100 million , and over 300 million rural residents gained access to safe drinking water .
Sixth , notable achievements were made in social development . Significant progress was made in ensuring equal access to education , and the quality of education markedly improved . Basic health insurance was expanded to achieve complete coverage , and participation in basic pension plans exceeded 80 % of the whole population . China 's soft power continued to grow . The rule of law was advanced in all respects . Significant achievements were made in the military revolution with Chinese characteristics . Over the past five years , China 's economic strength , scientific and technological capabilities , defense capabilities , and international influence have all been strengthened considerably .
The achievements attained during the period of the 12th Five-Year Plan fully demonstrate the strength of socialism with Chinese characteristics and the creativity of the Chinese people . The Chinese people can derive great confidence and a strengthened sense of unity from these achievements , drawing on them to forge ahead on this new leg of the journey toward realizing the Two Centenary Goals .
There are countless make up tutorials teaching women how to hide the visible effects of a night out .
But the tired , haggard look is exactly what women in Japan are after .
Hangover beauty is the latest make up trend sweeping the country , achieved by applying blush under the eyes and wet-look hair .
The end result is a sickly , dishevelled appearance .
The red around the eyes gives the impression of being unwell and in need of looking after , while the wet-look hair provides a contrasting sexy feel .
The look is so popular , there have even been make up tutorials dedicated to applying the perfect red-rimmed eye blush .
A make up tutorial by zWinnieYap , a step-by-step guide for applying Harajuku soft blush eye make up , has been viewed more than 100,000 times .
In it , the make up artist starts by filling in her brows , before applying a cream , glitter eye shadow primer to her eye lid .
She then creates depth by applying a dark brown shadow around her lashes and up to the crease of her eye lid .
The make up artist then applied a soft pink blush , usually applied to the cheeks , under her eyes , which she extended down to her cheekbone and slightly towards her temple .
She applied a dark brown and charcoal eyeliner around the rims of her eyes , before finishing the look with false lashes .
In January this year , Femail reported on other sickly Japanese make up trends including aegyo sal , which involves women creating bags under their eyes using shading or tape .
The puffy , eye-bag look gives the appearance of tiredness or having trouble sleeping , a trend especially popular in Korea .
As well as baggy eyes , Japanese beauty ideals have included canine teeth extensions for a crooked smile .
There were a lot of surprises to come out of 2016 , but “ xenophobia ” being named Dictionary.com ’ s Word of the Year is not one of them .
When you consider the rhetoric that galvanized people in this year ’ s Brexit vote and the US presidential race , the proof that “ xenophobia ” is the word that most represents the zeitgeist of 2016 is , well , in the pudding .
According to Dictionary.com , the word ’ s origins stem from two Greek terms meaning “ stranger ” ( ” xénos ” ) and “ fear ” or “ panic ” ( ” phóbo ” ) .
Searches for “ xenophobia ” on the site surged right after the Brexit vote in June .
There was an even larger spike days later , when President Obama delivered a speech stating that language used by Donald Trump , current President-elect , was not an example of populism , but rather “ nativism or xenophobia . ”
“ Xenophobia and other words tied to global news and political rhetoric reflected the worldwide interest in the unfortunate rise of fear of otherness in 2016 , making it the clear choice for Word of the Year , ” said Liz McMillan , CEO of Dictionary.com , in a statement .
“ While we can never know the exact reasons why xenophobia trended in our lookups this year , this reflects a desire in our users to understand the significant discourse surrounding global events . ”
Dictionary.com ’ s selection of “ xenophobia ” is far from the only indicator of our tumultuous year . Oxford Dictionaries ’ Word of the Year was “ post-truth , ” a term that means “ objective facts are less influential in shaping public opinion than appeals to emotion and personal belief . ”
In 2013 , Oxford gave “ selfie ” the same honor . If only we could go back to those simpler times .
On BBC Radio 4 , Drs Adam Rutherford and Hannah Fry have been answering intriguing scientific questions from listeners and the BBC Future audience .
One vexing query the pair have been exploring rocketed in from Elisabeth Hill , via BBC Future ’ s Facebook page , who asked : “ Could we shoot garbage into the Sun ? ”
Fair question . After all , if we can detect gravitational waves , or send a probe to land on a comet , surely we can send some rubbish to our nearest star ?
Though as Rutherford and Fry discovered in the radio episode , it ’ s not so simple :
The primary problem is weight . The average person in the UK produces 1.85kg of waste per day ; in the US , it ’ s 2.3kg .
As Andrew Pontzen of University College London points out , it costs $ 200m to get the Ariane V rocket into an orbit ready to travel further into space . With a payload of approximately 7,000kg , that works out at around $ 41,000 per kilogram . A hefty price to pay for a few plastic wrappers and a bottle or two .
In the coming decade , commercial operations like SpaceX hope to make cheaper rockets – closer to $ 90m per launch – and in the far future , space elevators might be an option too .
But even then , the Sun is 93 million miles away , and you ’ d still need an enormous amount of ( expensive ) fuel to get the rocket to plummet into the Sun if you took the direct route . Pontzen reckons that , unless you plan the mission very carefully , you ’ d need about 10 times more energy for the trip between Earth and the Sun ’ s surface than you ’ d already spent getting into orbit .
So , theoretically possible ? Yes . But realistically desirable ? Probably not .
A joint editorial committee of scholars from China , Japan and the Republic of Korea is writing a new history textbook to resist efforts to white-wash Japan 's militaristic past .
The committee has published two books : The Contemporary and Modern History of Three East Asian Countries in 2005 and A Modern History of East Asia Beyond The Boundaries in 2012 .
Committee members attending a history seminar in Nanjing , east China 's Jiangsu province , told Xinhua Sunday that work on a third book has begun and is expected to be completed in 2020 .
Li Xizhu , a fellow of the Institute of Modern History , Chinese Academy of Social Sciences , said scholars from the three countries have reached consensus on the focus of the book .
`` It is to address the differences in how we , the three countries , see history and to respond to the current debate on historical issues , '' Li said .
Ueyama Yurika , a Japanese member , said the committee will create contents in line with education practice in each country 's context so that the textbooks can be used more widely .
Scholars agree that a correct perception of history is the foundation for reconciliation in East Asia .
Japanese scholar Kasahara Tokushi said history textbooks in Japan contain fewer and increasingly more obscure contents on the 1937 Nanjing Massacre .
Japanese troops captured Nanjing on Dec 13 of 1937 and started a slaughter lasting more than 40 days . About 300,000 civilians and Chinese soldiers who had laid down their arms were murdered . Over 20,000 women were raped .
Tokushi warned that if teachers ca n't teach it , neither do media report on it , young Japanese might be harder to find out the truth .
What comes to mind when we speak of cultural exports from China to the United States ?
Bruce Lee , the giant panda , or kung fu ?
Without a doubt , these cultural symbols are successful exports of Chinese culture , but another form of Chinese culture widely known in the US is Chinese cuisine .
Many types of local snacks , all deeply loved in China , are taking over the streets of America . Some were modified to suit to Americans ' tastes , while others retain the traditional taste of China .
Here are just some of them .
Pai huang gua ( smashed cucumbers )
In a report titled Smashed cucumber salad takes Manhattan , The New York Times praised the method of smashing cucumbers in making salads as a completely new way to eat a cucumber .
As the latest trend in New York this summer , smashed cucumbers and `` their craggy edges and rough surfaces absorb flavors and form relationships in seconds , '' as opposed to sliced cucumbers , which tend to `` shrug '' off the dressing .
`` It 's cool how just changing the way you break down an ingredient completely changes the way it feels and tastes , '' said Danny Bowien , the chef at Mission Chinese Food on the Lower East Side .
The traditional Chinese cucumber salad , or pai huang gua , is dressed with a vinaigrette of soy sauce , rice or black vinegar , chopped garlic , sugar and sesame oil . In North and West China , where spicy foods are preferred , chili oil or Sichuan peppercorns are added for that extra kick .
Smashed cucumbers have long been found in Chinese restaurants in New York , but they have branched into other types of cuisine this summer . At Mr. Bowien 's Mexican-influenced restaurant Mission Cantina , they are served with an intensely flavored dressing of lime , cumin and oregano-flavored sesame paste . At the Japanese restaurant Untitled , they are served with buckwheat noodles , baby turnips and tuna tartare .
At Superiority Burgers , the cucumbers are mixed with tangy yogurt and jalapeno honey and sprinkled with crushed sesame breadsticks , a form that the traditional Chinese dish has never taken before .
`` There 's something about the roughness , and the variety of shapes and sizes , that you get with smashing that is incredibly satisfying , '' said Julia Goldberg , a sous-chef who created the recipe alongside Brooks Headley , chef and owner of Superiority Burger .
The University of Illinois stakes claim to 23 Nobel Prize winners and tech prowess that contributed to the creation of YouTube , Netscape , Java and Yelp .
But students at the central Illinois campus don ’ t just bury their heads in books , they also party — so much so that they ’ ve earned the top spot on The Princeton Review ’ s annual list of top party schools in the U.S. , the college guide said Monday .
“ Drinking culture is huge here , ” according to an unnamed student in the Princeton Review ’ s 2016 edition of the “ The Best 380 Colleges. ” The university has about 31,000 undergraduate students .
University spokeswoman Robin Kaler was bothered by the No . 1 ranking — a first for the campus , which has been among the list ’ s top five for years — and said it painted students in a false light .
“ They are serious , they are hard-working , and to try to present them as being somehow irresponsible is insulting , ” she said Monday .
The largest of the parties is an annual day of drinking called Unofficial , a St. Patrick ’ s Day celebration that was started by a local bar . The event included fatal accidents in 2001 and 2006 . The university tries every year to keep the event under control , often beefing up police presence and , two years ago , even asking parents to help them tone down the partying .
The Princeton Review ’ s publisher says the collection of lists is meant to paint a picture of life on campus at the schools it reviews , using students ’ answers to a long series of questions about student life to create profiles , as well as lists for things such as partying , dorm life , sports , political persuasions and more .
“ We have such a high regard for each of the 380 schools , ” said publisher Robert Franek , whose review is not affiliated with Princeton University . “ The University of Illinois , it is an exceptional school . ”
For those who don ’ t imbibe , the top stone-cold sober school is Brigham Young University （BYU） , the private Utah school affiliated with the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . Tops for most religious students ? That ’ s BYU , too .
Looking for the best campus food ? Try the small , exclusive Bowdoin College in Maine .
Most satisfied students ? Claremont McKenna University , under what one student told the review was “ the constantly beaming California sun . ”
Want a job ? Go to Clemson University in South Carolina , where students say they ’ re instantly part of a worldwide network .
The party rankings , like most parties themselves , change over time . The University of Iowa is a former No . 1 , but came in at No . 2 this year .
Freshmen due in Iowa City this month will find dozens of bars downtown and many house parties awaiting them . But the city has also made it harder for those under 21 to get into bars , and police officers will be patrolling neighborhoods to break up rowdy parties .
Rounding out the top five party schools are , in order : The University of Wisconsin-Madison , Bucknell University in Pennsylvania and last year ’ s No . 1 , Syracuse University in New York .
People heading to France are being warned that from yesterday it is illegal to eat while driving a car .
Anyone caught snacking while at the wheel can now be pulled over and handed an on-the-spot fine of up to £50 . The new law is a draft of measures aimed at cracking down on careless motorists .
Other new rules now also make it illegal to apply make-up , read a map or listen to 'excessively loud music ' while at the wheel . Using headphones or other wireless earpieces are also now banned while driving either a car , a motorbike or a bicycle .
Starting July 2 , it will also become illegal to smoke in a car when a child aged 12 or under is present . Smoking is also banned outdoors at children ’ s play areas , including those at motorway rest areas . Notices have been put up in several languages at motorway service stations to alert foreign visitors to the measures .
Three years ago , France also made it compulsory for all drivers to carry alcohol breath test kits in their cars , or face an eight pounds fine . Other compulsory equipment in a car must also include a warning triangle , a high-visibility safety vest , spare light bulbs , headlamp converters for driving on the right and a GB sticker or number plate with an EU logo .
At the same time , France also banned , satnavs capable of detecting speed cameras , and even mobile phones with apps that spot cameras . Offenders facing a £1,000 fine even if the device is not in use .
US President Donald Trump has announced he will not attend the White House Correspondents ' Association dinner on 29 April .
The glitzy event draws celebrities , journalists and politicians , normally including the US president .
Mr Trump said he would not attend a day after the White House excluded several major broadcasters and newspapers from a press briefing .
He has frequently described negative news coverage as `` fake '' .
However , he has not provided any evidence for his claims .
The announcement comes as relations between the White House and some media outlets continue to deteriorate .
On Friday , the BBC , CNN , Buzzfeed and the New York Times were among media groups barred from an off-camera informal briefing held by White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer .
Hours before the briefing , Mr Trump had delivered a strong attack on what he called `` fake news '' in the media , targeting stories with unnamed sources .
He said `` fake news '' was the `` enemy of the people '' .
Mr Trump announced his non-attendance at the correspondents ' dinner via Twitter .
He wrote : `` I will not be attending the White House Correspondents ' Association Dinner this year . Please wish everyone well and have a great evening ! ''
Bloomberg News and the New Yorker magazine are among media outlets who have said they will not hold their usual after-parties this year .
There have been some calls for journalists to boycott the event itself .
Every sitting president since 1924 has attended the correspondents ' dinner at least once , according to the New York Times .
They traditionally make a light-hearted speech at the annual event . Former US President Barack Obama attended eight times .
Mr Trump has been a regular at the dinner in the recent past .
In 2011 , Barack Obama joked that Mr Trump would turn the White House into a casino if he became president and made fun of rumours , then propagated by Mr Trump , that President Obama was not born in the US .
The New York businessman was shown on camera sitting stony-faced through a barrage of jokes at his expense , including some from host Seth Meyers , although he said last year that he `` loved that dinner '' .
Many believe that the 2011 event fuelled Mr Trump 's desire to enter politics and later run for office .
*The annual dinner began in 1921
*With Calvin Coolidge the first president to attend , in 1924
*Cancelled a few times , including in 1930 after the death of ex-President William Taft , in 1942 following the US entry into World War Two , and again in 1951
*Rarely skipped by sitting presidents . Richard Nixon avoided it in 1972 and 1974 , and Jimmy Carter in 1978 and 1980 . Ronald Reagan , who was the last to miss it in 1981 , did so only because he had been shot and was recovering at Camp David , but he still made contact by phone
*John F Kennedy threatened to withdraw unless women were allowed to attend
In 1973 , cereal heiress Marjorie Merriweather Post donated her 128-room Palm Beach mansion to the U.S. government to be used as the `` winter White House . '' And now that Donald Trump is president , that legacy has in some sense come true .
Post was one of the world 's richest women when she finished building Mar-a-Lago in 1927 at a cost of $ 7 million . American architect Marion Sims Wyeth designed the estate , which sits on 20 acres that border the Atlantic Ocean on one side and Florida 's Intracoastal Waterway on the other .
Post willed her home to the American government upon her death with the intention that it be used as a warm-weather retreat for the president . But in 1981 the government returned Mar-a-Lago , which had been declared a National Historic Landmark a year earlier , to the Post Foundation , citing its high annual maintenance cost of $ 1 million .
Enter Donald Trump . The mogul 's reported first offer for the property - $ 28 million - was turned down . But he persisted and the market slumped . Trump ended up getting the property for $ 5 million in 1985 , and paid an additional $ 3 million for Post 's antiques and furniture .
Trump turned Mar-a-Lago into a private club in 1995 and built a 20,000-square-foot ballroom with $ 7 million in gold leaf . He also spent $ 100,000 on four gold-plated sinks . Basically , there 's gold everywhere you look . ( When Trump is in residence , he and his family stay in a private wing of the house . )
Last spring , Trump 's former butler and Mar-a-Lago 's unofficial historian , Anthony Senecal told the New York Times about the house 's `` library , paneled with centuries-old British oak and filled with rare first-edition books that no one in the family ever read . ''
Trump has n't always seen eye-to-eye with the locals over his plans for Mar-a-Lago . In the last decade , for example , he has fought the town of Palm Beach over the size of an American flag . The original , installed in 2006 , was on an 80-foot pole and Palm Beach ordinances forbade flag poles higher than 42 feet ; violation carries a daily fine of $ 250 .
Trump sued for $ 25 million claiming his right to free speech was being violated . Ultimately he and the town came to an agreement : Trump switched to a smaller flag posted on a 70-foot pole . And instead of paying fines , he donated $ 100,000 to veterans ' charities .
Then last year Trump sued Palm Beach County for what he called `` deliberate and malicious '' moves to direct departing flights from the Palm Beach International Airport over Mar-a-Lago . He dropped that suit in November , after the election . It 's a moot point now anyway , as the secret service requested a no-fly zone be established over Mar-a-Lago when Trump is in residence .
When he opened Mar-a-Lago , Trump welcomed Jewish members , African-Americans , and gay couples , who had been prohibited from joining other Palm Beach clubs . Club members reportedly used to pay a $ 100,000 initiation fee and annual dues of $ 14,000 ( along with taxes and an annual food minimum of $ 2,000 ) for the privilege of using the facilities like pool . On January 1 , following Trump 's November victory , the inauguration fee was reportedly increased to $ 200,000 .
It is , by most accounts , a profitable business . Trump made $ 15.6 million from the club in 2014 . He reportedly stands to profit even more as president , both through higher fees and through increased interest in the club and its events .
Trump apparently feels more comfortable at Mar-a-Lago than almost anywhere else , and his pleasure in the estate was in evidence when he talked about it back in 2014 . `` I have 24 acres in Palm Beach and nobody has anything like that . A big house is on one acre . I have 24 . It 's the great estate of Palm Beach . ''
More than one billion people around the world are expected to watch the cream of the globe 's athletes take part in the opening ceremony of the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio on 5 August .
So it 's no wonder that leading fashion brands have been keen to design uniforms for their country 's Olympians . Historically , the likes of Giorgio Armani , Ralph Lauren and Stella McCartney have threaded their expensive needles and sewed furiously through the night ( we 'd like to think ) to create designs for their nation 's athletes .
We imagine that when traditional Georgian clothing manufacturer Samoseli Pirveli got a call to design the look of the nation 's Olympians for the opening ceremony , the brand must have thought it was a career high-point .
However , many Georgians did not agree . So much so that more than 6,000 have now signed an online petition , against the firm 's designs for the Georgian national team .
Much of the criticism stems from the fact the outfits for female team members take their inspiration from the national costume , the Chokha . Worn by Georgians for over a thousand years , it has since started making a comeback .
Samoseli Pirveli said that its design is a modern version of the Chokha . Female athletes are in long white dresses and dark red jackets and small hats and hold dark red purses , while men wear black suits with dark red frilling . Striking , certainly . But appropriate for a sporting event in Brazil ? Social media did not think so .
University Professor Merab Basilaia joked that perhaps the designs covered so much skin in order to protect the athletes from the mosquito-borne Zika virus . Politician Zviad Kvachantiradze called the design `` tasteless '' and worried that it would make `` the whole world laugh at Georgia . '' Similarly , the former Foreign Minister Salome Zourabichvili described the look as `` neither sporty , nor Georgian '' .
One of the rare voices appealing for calm was Vasil Maghlaperidze , political commentator and producer of one of the programmes on the GDS TV station .
`` Everybody agrees that this is not a good uniform , '' he said in his Facebook post . `` Let us now think about not putting our sportsmen in bad mood and sending them to Rio looking gloomy . ''
Samoseli Pirveli hit back , saying that its design was true of authentic Georgian culture .
However , the company got off lightly compared to Mahnza Armin who came up with the original design for Iran . Such has been the backlash that Iranian officials say they will re-design their team 's opening ceremony outfits after the outcry over its `` poor design '' .
The widely-shared meme at the top of this article not too subtly likens the uniforms to Pelikan erasers . One of those drawing the comparison was the prominent actor and presenter , Rambod Javan . He put the picture on Instagram in a post which received more than 130,000 likes . It came with the caption : `` A great well done to our officials for their choice of designer . Our athletes make lots of effort and gain glory but they are sent to the Olympics in such way . ''
`` It is really disgraceful ! They were so ugly that I did n't feel like putting their pictures on this page , '' wrote well-known actor Reza Kianian . Another social media user on Telegram said that the design was so bad , the Islamic State group must be involved ;
Harsh words . And some have suggested that actually the designs would n't look so bad on the right people .
However , even some photoshopped Hollywood glamour has not halted the tide of criticism . Neither has the statement by the designer , Mahnza Armin , that the design and composition of colours signify peace and friendship .
A computer 'judge ' has been developed which can correctly predict verdicts of the European Court of Human Rights with 79 percent accuracy .
Computer scientists at University College London and the University of Sheffield developed an algorithm which can not only weigh up legal evidence , but also moral considerations .
As early as the 1960s experts predicted that computers would one day be able to predict the outcomes of judicial decisions .
But the new method is the first to predict the outcomes of court cases by automatically analysing case text using a machine learning algorithm .
`` We do n't see AI replacing judges or lawyers , but we think they 'd find it useful for rapidly identifying patterns in cases that lead to certain outcomes , '' said Dr Nikolaos Aletras , who led the study at UCL Computer Science .
`` It could also be a valuable tool for highlighting which cases are most likely to be violations of the European Convention on Human Rights . ''
To develop the algorithm , the team allowed an artificially intelligent computer to scan the published judgements from 584 cases relating to torture and degrading treatment , fair trials and privacy .
The computer learned that certain phrases , facts , or circumstances occurred more frequently when there was a violation of the human rights act . After analysing hundreds of cases the computer was able to predict a verdict with 79 percent accuracy .
`` Previous studies have predicted outcomes based on the nature of the crime , or the policy position of each judge , so this is the first time judgements have been predicted using analysis of text prepared by the court , '' said co-author , Dr Vasileios Lampos , UCL Computer Science .
`` We expect this sort of tool would improve efficiencies of high level , in demand courts , but to become a reality , we need to test it against more articles and the case data submitted to the court . ''
`` Ideally , we 'd test and refine our algorithm using the applications made to the court rather than the published judgements , but without access to that data we rely on the court-published summaries of these submissions . ''
The Chinese character `` Lian '' , or `` clean governance , '' has been chosen by Chinese netizens as the character of the year 2015 , and `` Internet Plus '' as the word/phrase of the year .
The winners were chosen after an online poll from more than 11,000 candidate characters and words recommended by Internet users , the selection 's co-organizers -- the Chinese National Language Monitoring and Research Center and the Commercial Press announced on Monday .
Also , the character `` Kong , '' ( terror ) and the word `` counterterrorism '' were chosen as representative of international affairs .
Runners-up included `` slump , '' `` second child , '' `` chaotic '' and `` Islamic State '' ISIL or Daesh , with `` smog '' , `` the Belt and Road '' and `` refugee '' also popular candidates .
Last year 's character and word/phrase were `` law '' and `` anticorruption . ''
In several Asian countries where Chinese characters are widely used , such as Malaysia , Japan and Singapore , people have been voting for the most representative characters of the year in recent years . The polls , normally organized by academics or the media , are an interesting way of determining which events or incidents have affected the people most in a calendar year .
Japan Kanji Aptitude Testing Association announced at Kiyomizu Temple of Kyoto on Tuesday that安 ( pronounced an ) or `` safety '' was selected as the kanji of 2015 which best summarizes the year 's national mood in the country . It won 5,632 of the 129,647 votes received in total .
According to Japanese local media , the Abe administration forced controversial security-related bills through the upper house of the parliament since September despite strong protests from the Japanese people . People are concerned about safety issues as the risks of Japan being involved in a war have been obviously increased .
Japanese Defence Secretary Gen Nakatani told Japanese journalists at a press conference on Tuesday that it shows Japanese people are eager for the `` safety '' of the future . `` In addition to the concern over the new security bill , Japanese people hope to acquire safety and stability in both politics and economy , '' he said .
爆（soar）was next only to `` safety '' with 4,929 votes . The phrase爆买（Bakugai or explosive buying）frequently appears on Japanese media during the whole year as busloads of Chinese travelers arrived at duty-free stores in the shopping districts throughout Japan , purchasing items including rice cookers and high-tech toilet seats .
战 ( war ) , 结 ( marriage ) , 五 ( five ) , 赏 ( reward ) , 伪 ( fake ) , 争 ( dispute ) , 变 ( change ) and 胜 ( win ) were also listed as the top 10 kanji for the year in Japan .
The annual kanji selection event has been held since 1995 . Last year , 税or `` tax '' was chosen the annual kanji as the consumption tax rate was raised from 5 percent to 8 percent .
In Singapore , Lianhe Zaobao published the result of the 2015 Chinese character poll on Monday.耀 ( pronounced yew ) , which has several connotations including radiance , brilliance and glorious , was chosen as the Chinese character of the year . It is also the last character in former Singapore Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew 's Chinese name .
Goh Sin Teck , editor-in-chief of Lianhe Zaobao , stressed that 2015 has been an especially eventful year for the media , from natural disasters to the passing of a great man , as well as various local and international news events that hold great significance both politically and historically .
`` Although this character can be linked to various news events , the news that will first come to people 's mind would still be the passing of our founding Prime Minister Mr Lee Kuan Yew . This shows that when readers look back at the major events of the year , the one that leaves the deepest impression is our shared memories of the seven days ( of mourning ) in March , '' he said .
Lee , who was Prime Minister from 1959 to 1990 and died in March aged 91 , received a hero 's funeral after an unprecedented outpouring of grief from Singaporeans who now enjoy one of Asia 's highest standards of living .
Cooperating with 10 experts , the editorial team of Lianhe Zaobao also concluded 民 ( citizenry ) , 国（nation ) , 惊（surprise or shock ) , 难 ( difficulty ) , 信 ( trust ) , 责 ( responsibility ) , 新 ( afresh/renew ) , 毒 ( noxious ) and汇 ( currency ) as the top 10 Chinese characters after a two-week poll .
Lianhe Zaobao held the annual Chinese character of the year poll since 2011 . Last year , the annual character was乱which means disorder or chaos .
In the annual selection of Chinese characters jointly conducted by the Federation of Chinese Associations Malaysia ( FCAM ) and Han Culture Centre Malaysia ( HCCM ) , 苦 ( pronounced ku）or bitter was chosen as the Chinese character of 2015 in Malaysia .
According to Xinhua News Agency , 14,078 Malaysians from 65 countries and areas participated in the poll , the largest number of participants in history , and some 16 % of them had chosen the word “ bitter ” . Around 15 % of the participants chose the word贪 ( conrruption ) and 14 % of them chose 税 ( tax ) .
In addition , 捐 ( donation ) , 乱 ( unrest ) , 跌 ( crash ) , 耻 ( shame ) , 霾 ( smog ) , 一 ( one ) and 震 ( quake ) were also listed as the top 10 Chinese characters for the year in Malaysia .
President of FCAM Fang Tianxing announced the result last Friday . He said that the top 10 Chinese characters showed the public dissatisfaction with the new consumption tax policy , soaring commodity prices and the depreciation of the Malaysian ringgit .
Malaysia started the annual Chinese character selection since 2011 . In 2014 , 贪（corruption） , 马（abbreviation of Malaysia） , 失 ( lost ) , 涨 ( inflation ) , 难 ( tough ) , 航 ( flight ) , 苦 ( bitter ) , 愁 ( worry ) , 税 ( tax ) and迷 ( puzzle ) were chosen as the Chinese characters of the year in the country .
A celebrated photographer has sold a picture of an Irish potato for €1m .
Kevin Abosch , 46 , confirmed he had sold the photograph of an organic potato shot on a black background to an unnamed European businessman .
The photograph , which was taken in 2010 , sits alongside shots of Steven Spielberg , Michael Palin , Facebook ’ s Sheryl Sandberg and Malala Yousafzai in the sought-after photographer ’ s portfolio .
Mr Abosch ’ s portraits are typically commissioned for at least €260,000 .
There are three versions of the potato print in existence - one belongs in his private collection , another was donated to an art museum in Serbia and the third was sold to the unnamed businessman .
He told the Sunday Times : “ It ’ s not the first time that someone has bought the art right off my wall .
“ We had two glasses of wine and he said , ‘ I really like that ’ . Two more glasses of wine and he said : ‘ I really want that . ’
“ We set the price two weeks later . It is the most I have been paid for a piece of work that has been bought [ rather than commissioned ] . ”
The Irish photographer ’ s trademark portraits on a black background have been highly sought after among the rich and famous - last week he was invited to the World Economic Forum in Davos .
Mr Abosch said he is not sure what happened to the potato in question - called Potato # 345 - as he photographed many for a special series .
How to change a tyre , his personal alcohol limits and basic DIY are all on the list of essential man facts , according to researchers .
Researchers have unveiled a list of 50 things every `` real '' man should know - including wiring a plug , knowing the offside rule , and how to interpret what a woman means .
A study of 2,000 adults and found every man should also know how to wet shave , polish his shoes and give a confident handshake .
He should also be able to identify which wires are `` live '' , `` earth '' and `` neutral '' in a plug , be confident explaining the offside rule and know the difference between ale and lager .
The research , which was commissioned by William Hill , found additionally a man should know his wedding anniversary without having to pause to think .
He should also be able to name the last three England football managers and always know what his other half drinks .
Which way is north , where the car 's spare tyre is kept and how much fuel you have left when the petrol light comes on also made the top 50 list .
The study also revealed that when a man hears a woman claim `` she 's fine '' - he should be astute enough to realise she 's far from fine .
Other essential things to know in life were basic DIY , laundry and even map reading skills appeared in the 50 man facts , while acing parallel parking and driving in snow were also necessities .
Sporting a well-knotted tie , being able to introduce himself confidently and also knowing his own alcohol limits are still important qualities for a man to be familiar with .
And the cave-man qualities are still well regarded - knowing how to start a camp fire , carve meat properly and light a barbecue all appear in the list .
Nearly half the men studied ( 47 per cent ) felt they were n't up to scratch based on the number of the 50 things they were able to tick off .
In fact , just 46 per cent felt they could consider themselves a 'manly ' man .
And a panicked fifth of men have faked their way through a conversation about football , pretending to know things they did n't or having opinions on teams they really had no clue about- all in a bid to not seem non-sporty .
Top 50 things you should know to be a real man
1 . His wedding anniversary date
2 . Basic DIY
3 . How to change a light bulb
4 . How to tie up a tie
5 . How to read a map
6 . His partner 's favourite drink
7 . How to iron a shirt
8 . How to change a tyre
9 . How to wet shave correctly
10 . The right amount of aftershave to use
11 . How to change a fuse
12 . When a woman says `` I 'm fine '' she is not fine
13 . How to put up a shelf
14 . How to polish his shoes
15 . How to give a confident handshake
16 . How many inches are in a foot
17 . When to accept defeat and apologise
18 . Know the offside rule
19 . The year England won the World Cup
20 . How to do his own laundry
21 . How to fix a bike puncture
22 . How to jumpstart a car
23 . How to parallel park
24 . The difference between ale and lager
25 . The best way to carve meat
26 . His own height
27 . How to drive in snow
28 . What wires represent earth , live and neutral
29 . How to introduce himself
30 . His parents ' address
31 . What the football scores were at the weekend
32 . How to light a BBQ
33 . When a woman says `` Do what you want '' do not do what you want
34 . How to change oil
35 . What the biggest recent football transfers are
36 . How to build a fire
37 . Which way is North
38 . How to use the contents of the toolbox
39 . How to tune in a telly
40 . How many miles are left after the petrol light appears
41 . How to fix a toilet
42 . How to put someone in a recovery position
43 . His personal alcohol limits
44 . Change a battery on a car
45 . How to get a car unstuck
46 . The words to the national anthem
47 . How to change a nappy
48 . How to perform CPR
49 . How to put up a tent
50. Who are favourites to win the Premier League
Chris Clarkson , Managing Director at www.Sunshine.co.uk , has revealed the travel hacks that will ensure the stress stays well away from your stress-free holiday .
Ditch the footwear
It may be super tempting to bring every pair of shoes you own but footwear can be bulky and often weighty so it ’ s important you fight the urge . If you ’ re going to a hot country , don ’ t take your favourite pair of boots ; you aren ’ t going to wear them , even if they do go with an outfit you ’ ve packed .
Limit yourself to two or three pairs maximum when you go on holiday to free up some room in your suitcase and make it much lighter .
If you ’ re determined to take a pair that you know is heavier than the rest , wear them for the flight , reducing the weight in your case .
Roll clothes , do not fold
Many people make the terrible mistake of trying to fold their extensive wardrobe into their little suitcase . This , contrary to popular belief , is not the best way to go about packing your holiday goods ; it actually makes far more sense to roll your clothes rather than fold them .
Starting from the bottom , roll up your shirts , skirts , trousers and dresses into very tightly packed cylinders which you can stack on top of each other like Tetris blocks .
Not only does this free up a lot of room but it also prevents your clothes from getting creased .
Use vacuum bags when possible
If folding doesn ’ t free up enough room for you , the best alternative is to purchase some vacuum bags and seal all of your clothes up tightly . Having all of your luggage vacuum sealed will minimise the size of your items drastically , which will create substantial of room , allowing you to take more of what ’ s needed .
Always take travel bottles – even in your suitcase
Even though you are allowed to take full sized bottles in your suitcase , to ensure that you are under the weight allowance it ’ s recommended that you still stick to travel-sized bottles .
Not only will it make your suitcase much lighter but it will also prevent you from wasting any product . If you do run out of anything while you are on holiday , you can always buy more .
Wear anything that takes up a lot of room
If you do need to take a coat or a big jumper , ensure you wear it on the journey there so you don ’ t have to pack it in your suitcase . Another method you can use is wearing multiple layers on the journey ( although this isn ’ t always the most comfortable ) .
Research the weather beforehand
A great way to prevent packing clothes that you don ’ t need and won ’ t even end up wearing is to research what the weather is going to be like where and when you go on holiday .
There are plenty of websites that can predict how hot it ’ s likely going to be , as well as how much rain on average the destination receives each month .
Buy a lightweight , soft-sided suitcase
It ’ s easy to overlook the suitcase itself when you are packing but if you are worried you may go over the weight allowance , get yourself a lightweight , soft-sided suitcase . This could save you those last few crucial pounds .
Pandas
Mei Mei is a star baby whose love-smothering first-time mother , Ya Ya , runs the roost in Sichuan 's Wolong National Nature Reserve . But the roly-poly Mei Mei still demands to make it on her own as she climbs trees .
The resulting falls ( into rocks , into trees ) and accidental rolls down hills , accompanied by panda sounds , are natural comedy .
`` There 's nothing cuter than a baby panda , '' says Krasinski . `` It 's just a fact . ''
Snow leopards
`` Born in China '' cameramen did n't capture any footage for 90 days , as they learned the movement of snow leopards in China 's Tibetan Plateau , the highest mountain plateau on Earth . But they eventually got an up close and personal look at two cubs . Their play , including biting mom Dawa 's ear , is pure joy in a brutal environment where predators compete for scarce food .
`` They are adorable , but it 's even more intense thinking about the harsh conditions the cubs and their mother are under , '' says Krasinski .
Golden snub-nosed monkeys
The film follows a young acrobatic male named Tao Tao and his scene-stealing younger sister near the Yangtze River in central China 's Shennongjia Forest . The sister is so precious that their parents focus entirely on her , leaving Tao Tao confused and out of the mix . He comes back around to complete the family and even saves his sister from a hawk .
One insanely cute young monkey game involves simply falling through branches to the ground and climbing back up again for more .
For any woman who ’ s tried to have a serious talk with her man , it is an all-too-familiar dilemma .
How do you get him to give you his undivided attention ?
The answer , it seems , is simple – wait until he has just sat down to dinner .
A survey of 1,000 men and women found that 8.15pm is the time when men are most prepared to listen to their other halves .
Almost half said they were happy to engage in serious conversation over dinner . This is despite the fact that the women said they were most likely to bring up a tricky topic 12 hours earlier , at 8.20am .
Another good time is in the car – 39 percent of men said they like having a meaningful chat while driving , said the poll by Asda . And if a favour is required , it ’ s best to bring it up in front of the in-laws .
More than 20 percent of men said they would give in to their partner ’ s demands if asked in the presence of wider family members .
Three quarters said they hate being disturbed while they shower .
The findings reveal that women struggle most to hold down their spouse ’ s attention while they play video games - with a mere 1 percent tuning into what is being said .
Watching football is another risky strategy , during which 92 percent of men are not prepared to entertain a conversation , opting instead for a quick ‘ yes . ’
The survey highlighted that men prefer to be left in their own company while playing on the Playstation , or watching television .
More than 80 percent said ‘ We need to talk ’ is the most feared conversation opener , while 42 percent of women voted for ‘ is everything OK ’ - when their partner knows the opposite is true .
Apple 's home button is dead , according to hidden code .
The little circle at the bottom of the phone has been the main way of identifying Apple 's handsets , at least when they 're turned off . But it 's about to disappear in the iPhone 8 .
That 's according to code that was accidentally released by Apple . Part of that includes a check on whether a device has a home button – something that was previously unrequired , since every iPhone had one .
It 's possible that the reference is to other devices that run some form of iOS and do n't have a home button , like the Apple TV . But the removal of the home button in the iPhone squares with other code found in the release , pictures that are also included within it , and years of rumours .
Pictures found in the code that appear to depict the new phone , for instance , show the design including some of the `` forehead '' that sits at the top , but none of the `` chin '' at the bottom that houses the button . As such , there appears to be no space for a physical home button and it will presumably be depicted on screen instead , as it is on Android .
Some had hoped that the long-rumoured removal of the home button would actually mean that it was hidden under the bottom of the screen , and that the fingerprint sensor would shine through the display . But there appears to be no such reference to a TouchID fingerprint sensor , and so it 's likely that the button will be entirely virtual .
That will also mean that the button can move out of the way when it is not required , such as when people are watching videos .
Code found by developers including Steve Troughton-Smith and Guilherme Rambo suggest a major re-design to the phone . They and others have been picking through firmware that was apparently accidentally made available online , and includes references to many unreleased features .
They have also found suggestions that the phone will be able to track people 's faces . That will apparently be used to unlock the phone , as well as to see whether people are paying attention to the screen and so change things on the display accordingly .
The firmware was actually made for Apple 's upcoming HomePod smart speaker , but it included numerous references to the new phone and other hardware as well .
We live in an age where if we 're unsure of a fact , we can just Google it .
And it appears many people ask the search engine some strange questions and rely on it to provide guidance in the event of an existential crisis , asking 'when will I die ? ' and 'why are we here ? '
Thousands of people ask Google if they are pregnant , whether pigs sweat and where to hide a dead body , every month .
The most popular question on the pictorial chart , created by marketing agency Digitaloft is : 'Am I pregnant ? '
A staggering 90,500 women ask the search engine this question every month , presumably hoping it can provide an answer in lieu of a pregnancy test .
The second and third most popular questions on the list are : 'How do I get home ? ' and 'are aliens real ? '
While the first question may seem downright daft , a box pops up allowing users in input their postcode or zipcode , to help them with their journey , but unfortunately the search engine is not able to beat Nasa in its quest to find alien life , which it hopes to do before 2025 .
Of course many people use Google as a digital doctor , searching for answers to embarrassing ailments . So it 's no surprise users ask it bizarre questions about their body .
According to the chart , 49,500 people a month ask whether passing wind burns calories , but unfortunately the myth this bodily function burns 67 calories is false .
Some 22,200 are curious as to why men have nipples , while a more troubled 4,400 people a month Google 'why does my bellybutton smell ? '
Worryingly , 3,600 people a month ask whether men have periods , with another 2,900 querying whether men can become pregnant , displaying a rather poor grasp of biology .
A whopping 49,500 people ask the search engine 'when will I die ' every month and it seems users are just as clueless when it comes to animals .
Some 18,100 people ask Google whether penguins have knees every month , 8,100 want to know if pigs sweat and 2,900 are curious whether worms have eyes – they do n't .
An insecure 2,900 people every month ask the search engine 'does my dog love me ? ' every month .
Other popular but worrying questions people ask Google every month , include ' how do I hide the dead body ? – with 480 queries and 'what happens if I drink blood ? ' with 880 queries a month .
Some 800 people a month ask Google 'can I marry my cousin ? ' according to the infographic , meaning 10,560 people a year might be considering popping the question to a relative .
Others are in search of answers to life 's mysteries , with 8,100 people asking Google 'why are we here ? ' every month and the same number asking if the tooth fairy is real .
It resembles nothing more innocuous than an ordinary coffee cup .
The lid , which is 9cm in diameter , has been created by Cornwall-based company LawMate UK to fit any takeaway coffee cup .
Britain 's police and security services are said to be 'very interested ' in the device and store detectives and private investigators have placed orders to use it in undercover work , say the company .
LawMate UK has already sold more than 100 of the devices . It will be unveiled officially in London on Tuesday at DSEI , the world 's largest defence and security exhibition .
Tim Cowley , head of LawMate UK , said : 'It 's very easy to get clocked for what you are doing undercover so to have something that people use everyday is crucial .
Since winning an Oscar for The Revenant , Leonardo DiCaprio has remained away from the spotlight somewhat , having starred in absolutely nothing since early 2016 .
Things are somewhat more underway now , the actor scheduled to appear in Martin Scorsese ’ s adaption of Killers of the Flower Moon and next year ’ s The Black Hand ( which is still in pre-production ) .
DiCaprio now has another production underway ; playing Leonardo da Vinci an adaptation of Walter Isaacson ’ s biopic on the legendary artist .
According to Deadline , Paramount has beaten out Universal for the rights to the adaptation , spending into seven figures . DiCaprio will produce alongside under his Appian Way banner .
DiCaprio was actually named after Da Vinci , the actor ’ s mother having felt her in utero son kick for the first time as she examined one of his artworks at the Uffizi Gallery in Florence , Italy .
When reviews eventually come out for the biopic , expect numerous commentators to remark ‘ this was the role DiCaprio was born to play ’ .
The Wolf of Wall Street ( 2013 ) - Jordan Belfort
The Great Gatsby ( 2013 ) - Jay Gatsby
Django Unchained ( 2012 ) - Calvin Candie
Inception ( 2010 ) - Cobb
The Aviator ( 2004 ) - Howard Hughes
Catch Me If You Can ( 2002 ) - Frank Abagnale Jr .
J. Edgar ( 2011 ) - John Edgar Hoover
Blood Diamond ( 2006 ) - Danny Archer
The scent of a new car can be enticing in showrooms , and even intoxicating in its appeal . There ’ s a good reason for that . That new car smell comes from an assortment of chemicals , some of which can be highly toxic .
The source of the bouquet so many buyers find appealing is in the various solvents , adhesives , plastics , rubbers and fabrics used in car construction . Many of these contain volatile organic compounds ( VOCs ) , some of which can be deadly in sufficient quantities . Others are just bad for you .
“ It ’ s a chemical cocktail made up of lots of toxins , ” said Jeff Gearhart , Research Director of the Ecology Center in the US state of Michigan . The Ecology Center has been monitoring and testing chemical levels in car interiors for years , and has noted some improvement . But Gearhart says there is still work to be done .
“ There are over 200 chemical compounds found in vehicles , ” he said . “ Since these chemicals are not regulated , consumers have no way of knowing the dangers they face . ”
Just reading a list of the substances is scary enough , and makes your car ’ s interior sound like a hazmat hall of fame . Benzene , toluene , formaldehyde , and heavy metals are all part of the mix . And the danger of exposure is scarier still . Immediate symptoms can range from a sore throat to headaches , dizziness , allergic reactions and nausea , depending on the sensitivity of an individual .
According to the US Environmental Protection Agency , continued exposure to some of these can lead to hormonal disruption , reproductive impacts and damage to the liver , kidneys and central nervous system — or even cancer . It ’ s that long-term exposure that experts find most worrisome .
“ People spend over an hour a day in their vehicles on average , ” said Gearhart . “ Whether it ’ s adults , children , or pets , we ’ re concerned about prolonged exposure to toxic chemicals inside the vehicle . ”
The danger is greatest when the car is new , and that new car smell is most noticeable . This is when components are still unstable and prone to what is called off-gassing — the release of chemical vapours , which leads to the odour . Heat from a vehicle left in the sun can make matters worse , and speed up the chemical reaction . The danger is reduced over time , and experts say the worst is usually over within about six months .
Experts advise the best thing that buyers can do to limit exposure is to keep car interiors well ventilated , especially during the first six months of ownership . Park in the shade with the windows open when it ’ s safe to do so , or at least try to air it out before getting inside — especially on hot days .
A parade marking the 70th anniversary of China 's victory in World War II will be held in Tian'anmen Square on September 3 , 2015 , the first statutory `` Victory Day of Chinese people 's War of Resistance against Japanese Aggression '' .
As one of the allied forces who won WWII , China 's first military parade to mark the victory day will attract the world 's attention . Here are some facts about the parade before it starts :
1 . It is the first parade not held on China 's National Day
China has held 14 military parades since the establishment of the People 's Republic of China . In 1999 and 2009 , grand military parades were held to celebrate the country 's 50th and 60th founding anniversary .
It is an international convention to hold a parade to mark the victory day . France , Russia , and the United States are good examples of countries that do so .
France invited top leaders of the United Kingdom , Russia , the United States and others to celebrate the 70th anniversary of Normandy Landing , a watershed battle in WWII .
Russia also held a parade on May 9 to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the World Anti-Fascist War in Moscow 's Red Square .
1 . Finds laughter is the best medicine .
2 . Can say 'thank you ' no matter where she is in the world .
3 . Cooks perfect .
4 . Offers to split the bill .
5 . Knows that everyone , including herself , improves with age .
6 . Offers the builder a cup of tea .
7 . Can silence a man with a stare and make a dog lie down with a hand signal .
8 . Can imitate Piglet and Pooh voices for a bedtime story .
9 . However lucky in life , she does n't boast on Facebook .
10 . Never downs a drink in one , unless it 's a shot of tequila .
11 . Is aware that the school run and dog walking do not require full make-up .
12 . Never wears shoes she ca n't walk in .
13 . Can paunch a rabbit , pluck a pheasant and gut a fish , but allows men the privilege .
14 . Is neither early for a dinner party nor late for church .
15 . Knows how to deflect a lecher with grace , and a proposal with kindness .
16 . Comforts nervous flyers .
17 . Would never have Botox .
18 . Knows when to let a man think it 's his idea .
19 . Knows when to take control in the bedroom and the boardroom .
20 . Instills manners in her children , but lets their characters flourish .
21 . Can handle a sports car , a sit-on mower and a ski lift .
22 . Knows when to stop dyeing her hair .
23 . Teaches her son to iron his shirts and her daughter to change a fuse .
24 . Owns a little black dress .
25 . Always has a hanky .
26 . Knows that brevity is the soul of lingerie .
Child sex abuse is now punishable by death and chemical castration in Indonesia after its president on Wednesday issued a new law following the brutal gang rape and murder of a 14-year-old girl .
The battered body of the victim was discovered , naked and tied up , in a forest on the island of Sumatra after she was attacked by a group of teenagers in April . Seven offenders have been jailed for 10 years .
`` Sexual violence against children , as I have said , is an extraordinary crime , '' President Joko Widodo told journalists , according to a statement .
`` We hope that this law will be a deterrent for offenders and can suppress sexual crimes against children , '' Widodo said , also tweeting the news on his official account .
Chemical castration is the use of drugs to reduce libido or sexual activity . It is a legal form of punishment in South Korea , Poland and the Czech Republic , as well as in some US and Australian states .
Convicted pedophiles who have served jail sentences could also be forced to wear ankle monitors so that authorities can trace their movements .
The law is effective immediately , although Indonesia 's parliament has the power to overturn it or demand revisions .
`` These acts threaten and endanger children , and they destroy the lives and development of children for the future , '' the president 's statement said .
The law was drafted to address a significant increase in cases of sexual violence against children , Widodo said , although he gave no statistics to illustrate an increase .
The country has long struggled with a high incidence of sexual violence , and several cases have been reported recently .
Do you Yahoo ! ? Would you if you had to Jerry 's Guide to the World Wide Web ?
While a bad name is n't enough to sink a brand on its own , several of the biggest shed some puzzling titles before becoming worldwide hits .
According to CNBC , electronics chain Best Buy was still called Sound of Music back in 1981 when the brand 's Roseville , Minnesota , store was reduced to rubble by a tornado .
Afterwards , the store held a 'Tornado Sale ' in the parking lot advertising 'best buys ' on damaged electronics . Two years later , all the stores were rebranded as Best Buy .
Google , the most popular search engine provider , earned that name two years after it was founded in 1986 , under infinitely less catchy name BackRub .
Hertz Rent-A-Car was originally Hertz Drive-Ur-Self System , but changed to The Hertz Corporation in 1954 after a major restructuring .
Many of the top brands simply went from wordy and boring to short and sweet with their name changes .
Computing Tabulating Recording Corporation became IBM ( International Business Machines ) , while Jerry 's Guide to the World Wide Web became Yahoo , an acronym for Yet Another Hierarchical Officious Oracle .
Quantum Computer Services turned into America Online back in 1991 , then in 2006 shortened its name to AOL .
Starbucks Coffee , Tea and Spice , once called Il Giornale Coffee Company , was shortened to simply Starbucks , and Marafuku Company turned into Nintendo Playing Card Company before becoming Nintendo .
One of the most profitable companies in history , Apple Inc , made only a subtle change from Apple Computers in 2007 as the company moved into other areas of consumer electronics .
Once known as Research in Motion , the makers of the BlackBerry simply adopted the name of their flagship product in 2013 as they tried to catch up to competition in the midst of declining sales .
Other companies , named after their original founders , eventually outgrew their more provincial-sounding names .
Pete 's Super Submarines became SUBWAY , Wards Company became Circuit City , Brad 's Drink turned into Pepsi-Cola and Tokyo Tsushin Kogyo became Sony .
Blue Ribbon Sports , which distributed Japanese sneakers Onitsuka Tiger in the US , eventually became Nike , named after the winged Greek goddess of victory .
Newlywed Jennifer Aniston has another reason to celebrate . The actress , 46 , has signed a $ 5 million deal to appear in adverts for Emirates Airlines , reports The New York Post .
The news comes after the former Friends star secretly wed Justin Theroux , 43 at their $ 22 million Bel-Air mansion on August 5 , before jetting off to Bora Bora for their honeymoon .
Aniston has reportedly already filmed the advertising campaign , which will make her the face of the Dubai-based international airline . 'Jennifer Aniston has shot a high-profile campaign for Emirates as part of this deal , for which she is being paid around $ 5 million . She will appear across TV and print ads worldwide , ' a source told Page Six .
The actress and her handsome new husband are currently enjoying their honeymoon in the South Pacific island Bora Bora . And they 've taken some famous friends along with them to keep the party going .
The Emirates adverts are the latest endorsement deal for the popular actress , who also is a spokesperson for Aveeno skincare products and for Smart Water . She is also the face of premium hair care line Living Proof , which she part-owns .
Aniston pulled off her secret wedding by telling guests the gathering was a surprise party for actor-screenwriter Theroux.. The couple met in 2011 in New York when filming the comedy Wanderlust , and became engaged in 2012 .
Vice President Joe Biden says he `` would have been the best president '' if he had mounted a successful campaign in the 2016 election , but that forgoing the race was the right decision for his family .
Speaking with `` Good Morning America '' co-anchor Robin Roberts in an exclusive interview that aired Wednesday , Biden said he had planned to run but changed course only after his eldest son Beau died last May .
`` No one should ever seek the presidency unless they 're able to devote their whole heart and soul and passion into just doing that , '' he said . `` And , Beau was my soul . I just was n't ready to be able to do that . But , so , my one regret is my Beau 's not here . I do n't have any other regrets . ''
For months last year the question of whether Biden would run loomed over the Democratic presidential contest . Then in October he announced that he and his family were still dealing with the grief over Beau 's death and he would not seek the presidency .
Beau Biden died in May 2015 at the age of 46 after a battling brain cancer for years .
The vice president 's comments came during an interview with Roberts about his `` Cancer Moon Shot '' initiative , which aims to accelerate the effort to improve treatments for cancer and to possibly find a cure .
`` It 's kind of bittersweet , '' Biden told Roberts of his role leading the administration 's fight against the disease that took his son . `` But this is -- this allows me to pour all my energies into -- doing somethin ' that -- hopefully will -- five years from now if -- someone 's diagnosed with what my Beau was diagnosed with , they -- they live . ''
His decision last year not to run was viewed as a boost to Hillary Clinton 's run for the Democratic Party 's nomination .
Biden has not endorsed either Clinton or Sen. Bernie Sanders , her opponent in the primary , but he said he thinks Clinton will be the nominee .
`` I feel confident that Hillary will be the nominee , '' Biden said , `` and I feel confident she 'll be the next president . ''
The US media have given their verdict on who won the second presidential debate after Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton engaged in attack and counter-attack .
While opinion is divided , Mrs Clinton is largely thought to have come out on top in Sunday 's debate in St Louis . But columnists raised the issue of her failure to tackle Mr Trump effectively , allowing him to `` exceed expectations '' .
Fox News concludes that Mr Trump managed to pull off a surprising performance , although the news channel does not explicitly state that the Republican candidate won the debate .
The conservative network says he performed well , pivoting and manoeuvring through questions , allowing him to save his presidential hopes .
Mr Trump 's decision to launch a blistering attack against Hillary Clinton and her husband is described by Fox as the equivalent of `` Hillary dropping Alicia Machado on Trump '' in the previous debate .
'This could be one of the biggest knockouts I 've seen '
That was the line used by Breitbart news , which is in a minority in handing the title to Mr Trump .
In a leading story quoting comments from former mayor of New York City , Rudy Giuliani , it reports that Mrs Clinton was `` pounded on bad decisions '' .
It refers to accusations from Mr Trump that Mrs Clinton and the Democratic Party helped `` create the vacuum in the Middle East '' that allowed so-called Islamic State to form .
`` All Hillary Clinton had to do was remain upright for 90 minutes . ''
The Washington Post 's verdict is that the debate highlighted an `` increasingly isolated '' Mr Trump during an `` unusually dark and bitter face-off '' . Over the past year , the newspaper has been at the forefront of investigations into Mr Trump , and has published several editorials condemning the candidate .
On the news site 's Right Turn blog , Jennifer Rubin says Mrs Clinton had very little to do in order to go `` the last little way in wrapping up the election '' .
She writes that Mrs Clinton handled the audience well when answering questions , adding that the former secretary of state effectively won the debate early on by `` simply keeping her cool '' .
Issues ranging from Mr Trump 's tax payments to his foreign policy have , according to the Post , given Mrs Clinton plenty of material for a new raft of political ads .
A CNN/ORC poll of debate watchers handed Sunday 's victory to Mrs Clinton . But the results also showed that Mr Trump managed to exceed expectations .
Ron Fournier , whose coverage of US politics dates back to the days of Bill Clinton , writes that Mrs Clinton did about as well as anyone could while dealing with a `` barking '' opponent and `` pouting menace '' .
Mr Fournier said that throughout the debate the controversial Republican `` failed to patch together his collapsing campaign '' .
When celebrating the most powerful women of the last 70 years , it may seem natural to host a celebration at Buckingham Palace : home to a Queen who has reigned for generations .
But if anyone had hoped Her Majesty might be recognised for her contribution to women 's lives over her long service , they would be disappointed .
The BBC Radio 4 Woman 's Hour Power List , announced on Wednesday , instead recognises Beyonce , the singer , feminist provocateur Germaine Greer and a fictional character : the love-lorn Bridget Jones .
The list of seven powerful women , selected by a judging panel , was topped by Baroness Thatcher , the late former prime minister who was recognised by the BBC for her impact on British women whether they love her or loathe her .
The Queen did not make the list , with Theresa May , the current Prime Minister , also omitted along with all modern-day politicians .
Instead , Woman 's House chose to honour the star of Helen Fieldings 1996 novel , Bridget Joness Diary , famous for her witty take on the life of a single woman in a world of smug marrieds .
A spokesman for Radio 4 said debate over the selection was to be expected .
Lady Thatcher and Miss Jones are joined on the final list by Helen Brook , who founded centres offering contraception to unmarried women , Barbara Castle , the Labour MP who fought for equal pay , and Jayaben Desai , a strike leader in the 1974 Grunwick dispute .
Germaine Greer , the feminist and academic who has caused fury among campaigners for recent comments about transgender people , came in fourth place , with judge Abi Morgan hailing her a warrior .
Beyonce , the American singer , makes it onto the list at number seven in recognition of her status as a global beauty icon .
It is the first time the list has encompassed a fictional character as well as women no longer with us .
Previous winners include Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon , campaigner Baroness Lawrence , and the Queen , who won in 2013 . Judge Julia Hobsbawm said of the inclusion of Bridget Jones :
Twenty five years ago she ushered in the voice of a woman narrating her own banality as well as her own complexity .
An 'eternal summer ' created by home heating and lighting may be disrupting seasonal rhythms in the human body with the risk of illness or even premature death , researchers say .
Scientists fear that the prevalence of warm houses and sustained contact with bright lights could supress important genes which have evolved to activate at different times of the year .
They think perpetually warm dwellings may be a recipe for disaster as the sensitive proteins – some of which kick in during the winter to fight off common diseases like flu – are fooled into thinking it is still the summer and do not activate .
Scientists at the University of Cambridge have previously found that a quarter of human genes display seasonal variation , including the protection against various infectious diseases .
Now a study says that the efficacy of these genes could be hampered by modern western lifestyles .
Dr Tyler Stevenson , a senior lecturer at the University of Aberdeen , said : `` The real take home message is that seasonal rhythms are pervasive .
`` Just like daily rhythms which tell us to sleep at night , a similar thing is happening seasonally .
`` But over time these seasonal signals are dampening down .
`` During the twentieth century our species has developed technologies that allow precise light and climate control over our living environments and humans in developed societies now spend the vast majority of their lives in conditions that mimic 'summer-like ' environments .
`` These so-called eternal summers are characterised by light and temperature controls that lack seasonal rhythmicity .
`` Seasonal changes in environmental variables play a significant role in the regulation of many physiological and behavioural processes .
`` Presently many of us no longer live in accordance with the naturally occurring variation in geophysical rhythms . ''
The research appears in the journal Proceedings of The Royal Society B .
In an election season where cybersecurity has been a major issue — from Hillary Clinton ’ s email server to the hacks , believed to be tied to Russia , that compromised her campaign chairman and the Democratic National Committee — a group of computer scientists stumbled upon evidence possibly connecting a Donald Trump mail server to a separate server belonging to Russia ’ s Alfa Bank . The discovery , reported by Slate , came just as the New York Times reported that the FBI found no direct link between the Trump Organization and the Russian government .
Following revelations about the DNC hacks over the summer , a group of computer scientists wanted to look into whether the Trump campaign had been similarly compromised by hackers .
“ We wanted to help defend both campaigns , because we wanted to preserve the integrity of the election , ” one of the cybersecurity experts told Slate ’ s Franklin Foer upon condition of anonymity due to the sensitive nature of his work .
In the act of trying to uncover any malware that might be affecting Trump servers , a scientist who asked to be referred to by the pseudonym “ Tea Leaves ” detected what he thought was Russian-originating malware that had the destination domain “ Trump ” in its name .
Tea Leaves ended up finding that the Alfa Bank , a Moscow-based financial institution whose leaders have ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin , had a server that was “ irregularly pinging ” a server registered to the New York-based Trump Organization .
Computer logs indicate there were thousands of digital contacts . “ The logs suggested that Trump and Alfa had configured something like a digital hotline connecting the two entities , shutting out the rest of the world , and designed to obscure its own existence , ” Foer writes .
But according to the latest report , no clear evidence of wrongdoing was found .
A US cybersecurity firm hired by a Russian bank to investigate allegations of a secret line of communication with the Trump Organization said on Tuesday there was no evidence so far of substantive contact , email or financial links .
Mandiant , which is owned by the California-based company FireEye , said it examined internet server logs presented to the bank by media organisations investigating the link and found nothing suspicious .
The popularity of tomboys has sparked a sharp rise in the number of girls wanting to swap gender , according to a leading NHS psychologist .
New statistics show that for the first time , more than double the number of girls compared to boys seek the NHS 's gender identity development service .
In popular culture , lead characters such as Katniss Everdeen in The Hunger Games , Tris Prior in the Divergent series , or Eleven in Stranger Things , have sparked a revival of strong tomboyoish , females .
In the past year there have been 1,400 'assigned at birth ' females who have sought treatment , compared with 616 males .
`` It 's a very interesting question , and an important question , because it was the other way around initially , '' said Dr Polly Carmichael , who is the head of the gender identity development service .
`` There have been different ideas put forward . Some people have talked about how it is easier for girls to cross-gender identify because it 's a positive image to be a tomboy .
The service - which is the NHS 's only gender identity service and is based at the Tavistock and Portman NHS Foundation Trust in north London - was commissioned in 2009 .
In its first year , it recorded carrying out appointments for 56 males compared with 40 girls .
Since then , the numbers have grown astronomically , and the gender gap has both flipped around and widened .
There were 88 males compared with 118 females in 2011/12 , 121 compared with 188 in 2012/13 , 188 to 278 in 2013/14 , 270 to 427 in 2014/15 , and 490 to 929 in 2015/16 .
Popular arguments that suggest it is unappealing to be female include a perception of being tied to domestic labour , body image pressures and a gender pay gap .
The latest figures also show the number of referrals to the Tavistock Centre has generally risen by more than 50 percent each year , although the most recent data indicates only a 42 percent increase .
The data also revealed meanwhile that 32 children aged five or below - or at least just their parents - visited the clinic in 2016/17 , compared with 20 in 2015/16 , and just six in 2009/10 .
Only about 40 percent go through with identifying as a different gender , and the clinic will only consider referring children for hormone blockers once they reach stage two of puberty .
The clinic only expects families to visit if the children are showing genuine distress , and does not expect the particularly young kids to join their parents at appointment .
`` There has been a huge increase in interest over the last couple of years , '' added Dr Carmichael .
`` I think if parents have a concern it 's entirely appropriate to seek expert advice . We do n't say 'they need a transition ' , but it 's an opportunity for them to discuss what they have heard and to develop a dialogue and relationship .
`` If families do n't seek support then it might be that only later , at puberty , they 're very distressed so it 's not unhelpful to make contact earlier . ''
Maid cafes have been a big part of Japanese pop culture for a while now , but the maid phenomenon is transitioning into other areas as well . For example , a new gym near Tokyo ’ s famous Akihabara district offers patrons the chance to work out while assisted by beautiful trainers wearing maid costumes .
Can you imagine pumping some iron with a cute maid spotting you and cheering you on ? Well , apparently a lot of Japanese guys can and they ’ re loving the idea . So much so that they ’ ve helped successfully crowdfund the MAID GYM project thought up by a couple of young Japanese entrepreneurs . With more than a month to go to the deadline , the campaign to make the unique maid gym a reality has already met its 700,000 yen goal , on Japanese crowdfunding site CampFire . It ’ s not clear exactly when the Maid Gym will open its gates , but it ’ s definitely coming soon .
Details about the upcoming MAID GYM are yet to be revealed , but we already know it ’ s not going to be one of those big , crowded places most of us are used to . RocketNews24 reports that this will be a more intimate gym , with the number of customers at one time limited to three , each with their very own maid trainer . While a young girl wearing a Victorian maid outfit doesn ’ t exactly scream fitness knowledge , the unusual-looking trainers will apparently know all about using the various exercise machines and instruct patrons on how to best achieve their goals . Plus , they ’ ll be offering verbal encouragement like “ Don ’ t worry , you won ’ t fall as long as I ’ ve got you , ” or “ Excellent work , master ! You ’ re getting stronger every day , ” as well as spot their “ masters ” as they bench press .
But since clients are guaranteed to enjoy the maids ’ undivided attention , they are expected to pay a premium for this unique service . According to Japan Trends , a 50-minute training session is expected to cost ¥7,500 ( $ 66 ) , which includes a drink , but maid fans also have to pay a mandatory membership fee of ¥10,000 ( $ 89 ) before their first session . It won ’ t be the cheapest , but certainly not the most expensive gym in Tokyo , either .
Why maids are so popular in Japan ? What makes them so special ? Some people seem to think it has to do with the importance of servitude in Japanese culture . Being a loyal servant is apparently one of the most admirable things a person can do , an idea that ties in with the famous samurai , sworn-servant warriors who would prove their loyalty to their masters by taking their own lives , after they passed away .
“ The maid and butler are considered the ultimate “ servants , ” specially trained and selected for their ability to serve . Add a bit of cuteness/hotness , mixed with that culturally ingrained admiration for the common qualities of a maid/butler and you have a cultural phenomenon , ” user antx0r wrote on anime forum Crunchyroll .
Other people just think that it has to do with the concept of “ moe “ , a term used in the media to describe young , innocent-looking female characters in Japanese manga and anime , to which otaku are generally attracted to .
Red , white and rosé wines have been around for hundreds of years , and if you ’ ve gotten a little bored with them you 'll be happy to know that you can now enjoy a cup of bright blue wine , as well .
Spanish startup Gïk has spent the last two years working with scientists at the University of the Basque Country and food researchers at Azti Tecnecalia , and they have recently unveiled the fruits of their labor – the world 's first blue wine ! Why blue you ask ? `` Gïk is born for fun , '' the company 's official site responds . `` To shake things up a little and see what happens . To create something new . Something different . Why a blue wine you wonder ? And why not ? ''
Co-founder Aritz López told Eater that the inspiration for the unique color of the wine came from Blue Ocean Strategy , a book written by W. Chan Kim , a Korean-born business theorist . `` He tells about red oceans in his book , representing business markets saturated by specialists ( sharks ) who fight for the same variables and for a reduced number of clients ( fish ) , and end up in water turned red . And how it 's necessary to revert this , by innovating and creating new variables , back to blue . This seemed poetic for us to turn a traditionally red beverage into a blue one , '' he said .
The six young innovators behind Gïk – all of whom are in their 20 's – use a blend of red and white grapes harvested from vinyards in La Rioja , Zaragoza , León and Castilla-La Mancha to make their unique wine , but they say the varieties are not important in creating the bright saphire-like color of the drink . They do that by mixing in anthocyanin , a natural pigment in the grapes ' skin , as well as indigo – a dye extracted from the Isatis tinctoria plant – to make the effect even more visually impressive .
As for how this blue wine actually tastes , the Gïk website doesn ’ t reveal too much , instructing prospective clients to “ Try to forget all you know about wine and ignore all the preconceptions and standards regarding [ the ] wine industry and turn a deaf ear to what the sommelier told you in the wine tasting last week. ” Gïk is supposedly a sweet wine due to an added non-caloric sweetener .
Interestingly enough , the people behind Gïk have no real expertise making wine , but they all `` wanted to create something really innovative '' because Spain 's wine industry was `` missing a little revolution . '' `` We were raised in a country with a strong wine culture , but wine has always been a beverage put on a pedestal , '' Aritz López said . `` So we thought about how it would be to have real people making wine for real people , not a wine made by experts to pseudo-connoisseurs . ''
Blue wine is not currently available in the US , although the company certainly has plans to expand there soon . It can be ordered online in Spain , France , the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , and Germany , for the price of about $ 11 per bottle .
The world 's first hugging hoodies have been launched - and they 're promising to bring wearers closer together .
The unusual invention , which is aimed at couples , brings together hugs and hoodies in a whole new way , as there are hidden pocket panels fitted in the back .
It means that whether you 're on the ski slopes with your loved one or just walking down the street , you can slip your hands inside the panelled back of their jumper .
Clothing brand Chukcha launched a Kickstarter to raise cash for the garment , and raised £9,500 , hitting their cash goal after just three days .
Artem Glebov , the founder of Chukcha said : `` Being in love , I realised how important it can be just hugging with my sweet .
`` That 's the main concept of Together Wear . It gives you the ability to share warmth with your sweetheart and feel like two parts of a whole one . ''
Anyone who wishes to get closer while clothed only has to wait until July to snap up their cosy top .
There 's no word on what singletons can do with the extra pocket space .
Macaque monkeys appear to have become an unlikely roadblock in the development of internet services in the northern Indian city of Varanasi .
The authorities in Varanasi have been increasing the network of optical fibre cables as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's plan of improving internet services in India .
The federal government has planned to lay 700,000 kms ( 434,960 miles ) of broadband cable to connect India 's 250,000 village clusters within three years .
But officials in the city in Uttar Pradesh state are struggling to stop monkeys from eating the fibre-optic cables , the Reuters news agency reports .
`` We can not move the temples from here . We can not modify anything here , everything is built up . The monkeys , they destroy all the wires and eat all the wires , '' communications engineer AP Srivastava told the news agency .
Varanasi , which is also the parliamentary constituency of Mr Modi , is know as as a holy city and millions visit its famous banks along the Ganges river every year .
Many such tourists , and even locals , consider macaque monkeys sacred and often feed them .
Mr Srivastava told the news agency that his team was now looking for alternatives , but there are few to be found .
Varanasi is a crowded city and its infrastructure has hardly changed in the past decades .
Houses and building are too close to each other , making it difficult for authorities to consider laying underground cables .
And chasing away the monkeys is also not an option because it may anger local residents .
A jobless man said to have fathered 15 children with 10 different women has revealed he has another baby on the way .
It is estimated Keith MacDonald 's growing brood will end up costing taxpayers more than £2million in benefits .
The 29-year-old , from Sunderland , is set to appear in a TV documentary in which he says his latest child is due very soon .
But despite his most recent partner being heavily pregnant , he tells program-makers he is still desperate to meet new women - and is even shown trying to chat up love interests at a bus stop .
The documentary , entitled 40 Kids by 40 Women , follows a number of so-called 'mega-dads ' to see how they cope , or fail to cope , with having so many children .
MacDonald denies all 15 of the children he is said to have fathered are his , but boasts of his skill at meeting women and about his fertility .
He tells documentary makers : 'How many of my ex-girlfriends am I still friends with ? None of them . Apart from one and that 's the one that is pregnant now . '
He adds : 'The last time I had sex was nine months ago and the person 's pregnant . '
MacDonald tells the program he ca n't find work , partly because he is 'no good at listening ' , and spends most of his time playing computer games .
He says he finds it hard to meet new women because of his reputation in Sunderland and is shown in the program going to Birmingham to 'pull girls ' .
MacDonald has appeared on the Jeremy Kyle Show in the past and claims he meets the mothers of his children on public transport .
He previously bragged : 'It 's easy - they never seem to say no . Just chat them up on the bus .
'That 's what I do and they never seem to say no . If they like you , they like you . Get their number and text them and arrange to meet when you come off the bus . I just pick them up like that . '
MacDonald 's notoriety grew in 2011 when he tried to fake his own death in a bid to shirk responsibility for his ninth child , according to an ex , who he later beat up .
In November 2012 , he was found guilty by Sunderland magistrates of common assault and stealing from one of his ex-partners after a row over a cheese toastie .
He reportedly refuses to use contraception and already had six children by the time he turned 20 - including two kids he claimed he conceived on double-decker buses .
In 2008 , he bragged : 'It 's not my fault - I thought they were all on the pill . I have fun , come through to Newcastle , or go into Sunderland .
'Lasses keep on coming up to me and I have a laugh with gay men as well . '
Macdonald first became a father at 15 as he left school and has rarely worked since saying he finds it boring . He has previously claimed incapacity allowance for a 'bad back ' .
A 3D version of the latest Bourne movie made exclusively for Chinese cinemas has caused local audiences to complain about headaches and nausea .
The format remains hugely popular in the country , particularly when it comes to action movies .
But the conversion process required to give the 2D-shot film an extra dimension seems to have been ill-judged in this case .
Why has China got a 3D Bourne ?
Cinemas usually charge more for movies screened in three dimensions , so there 's an obvious incentive to show them in the format .
But while Europe and the US have seen ticket sales for 3D movies decline , there 's still a strong appetite for the technology in China . Many theatres in the country are fairly new and have equipped themselves with the latest projectors .
When it comes to 3D movies , however , there are two kinds .
`` Real '' 3D movies are shot with a dual-lens cameras , which capture two versions of every shot . Special glasses let viewers see a different one with each eye . Many critics believe this delivers the best illusion of depth .
But another , cheaper option is to film in 2D and then simulate the effect in post production by using computers .
While this can work well for some movies , it does not for others , with Jason Bourne being a case in point .
Its director Paul Greengrass shot several sequences using a handheld camera and then made rapid cuts to create a fast-paced , hectic edit .
It appears that converting this into 3D has made the film hard to watch , and has caused audiences to feel nauseous .
Why not watch in 2D ?
Normally , Chinese cinemas offer audiences a choice .
But in the case of Matt Damon 's new movie , the vast majority opted only to show it in 3D in its opening week .
Out of 149 cinemas in Beijing , only eight are currently showing the 2D version , according to local media .
In Shanghai , it 's said to be only nine out of 174 .
Movie-goers have complained about this on social media , with some claiming it 's an attempt to force them to pay premium prices .
Following the backlash , Universal Picture says it now aims to add more 2D screenings .
Until then , though , China 's Bourne fans may have to brace themselves for a rough ride .
Staying cool in the heat of an urban summer can be tricky , but Moscow 's metro users can now freshen up with free water and wet wipes .
Officials say that on hot days they 'll be handing out more than 300,000 bottles of water and 200,000 cooling hand wipes to help the capital 's commuters stay comfortable . They 'll also be giving out 11,000 hand-held fans , a statement on the metro 's official website says . It does n't specify how hot it must be for the items to be made available . Russiahas endured regular summer heatwaves in recent years . In 2010 , Moscow saw temperatures rise to 40℃ with heavy smog , and other parts of the country experienced wildfires .
Metro officials are also trying to cool down station buildings by leaving the doors open overnight while trains are n't running . For the past week , 11 stations have tested out the plan , and seen the temperature drop by 5℃ to 7℃ compared to nights when the station doors were shut , the statement says . Moscow 's underground is one of the busiest in the world , with 196 stations serving more than seven million passengers per day . The network 's older trains rely on windows for ventilation , although they are gradually being replaced by newer , air-conditioned carriages .
Resourceful dog runs away from home , returns with bag of food after Harvey .
When Salvador Segovia 's German shepherd mix , Otis , got loose and disappeared from his backyard Friday night , the Sinton , Texas , resident did n't completely panic .
After all , this is n't the first time the dog has ventured out on his own .
Otis is well-known in the small town of 5,000 .
`` Otis is like the town dog , '' local resident Tiele Dockens told CBS News . `` I 've seen him at high school football games , he goes to the local Dairy Queen for cones , he even sits outside the courthouse . He 's kind of everywhere . ''
But Segovia has never witnessed his dog do something quite like he did last weekend -- and he would n't have believed it if there was n't proof .
On Saturday morning , Otis was spotted on his way home hauling an entire bag of dog food with his teeth .
Dockens was driving around town to examine the storm damage with her husband around 10 am . when she saw the dog . Her husband stopped the car so she could snap a picture .
`` He was carrying a whole big bag of dog food , just prancing along , '' Dockens described . `` He looked so cute coming across the street . ''
Dockens posted the picture on Facebook , and within five minutes she received confirmation -- the dog was in fact Otis . The image had been shared nearly 16,000 times by 4:50 pm on Saturday .
`` The owner said he had gotten out . He was calling for him and then saw him heading back with dog food he got from a lumber store from across the street , '' Dockens said . `` Sometimes the [ store ] owner sets out dog food he ca n't sell behind the store . ''
Dockens followed the dog to make sure he got home safe . Otis walked right up to the door and delivered the giant bag of food .
Segovia could n't believe it .
`` I 've never seen him do anything like that before , '' he told Dockens . `` He 's a really smart dog . Smart , but really curious . ''
`` I just think it 's such a positive thing . There is so much devastation down here now , '' Dockens said . `` This sends such a positive message . As humans or animals , we 're survivors . We 're meant to thrive . ''
As soon as the small town starts to recover , Dockens says she plans to visit Otis .
Dan Chaon , Ill Will
Dustin , a Cleveland psychologist in his 40s , is still damaged by the monstrous murder of his parents , aunt and uncle when he was 13 . He testified against his older foster brother Rusty , who was sentenced to life in prison . Dustin ’ s wife is dying from ovarian cancer , and he can barely connect with his teenage sons . His professional distance is challenged by Aqil , a new client , a former policeman obsessed with a string of drownings of drunken young men . And he learns that new DNA evidence has freed Rusty . As Aqil draws Dustin into an amateur investigation , Rusty reaches out to Dustin ’ s troubled son Aaron . Imagine the shower scene in Psycho , extended across 11 sections and three decades , with multiple unsolved mysteries . That ’ s the level of intensity Chaon achieves in this dark , provocative thriller .
Hannah Tinti , The Twelve Lives of Samuel Hawley
Loo ’ s mother Lily is dead , her devoted father Samuel is a mystery she deciphers through the dozen bullet wounds on his body – he , remarkably is alive – and his personal mementoes . At the age of 12 he teaches her how to shoot a gun . Shortly after , he moves her to her mother ’ s hometown , a Massachusetts fishing village . There they subsist mostly on his catch and Loo deals with being an outsider at school . Over the years Loo questions her mother ’ s death by drowning and discovers elements of her father ’ s criminal past . Tinti spells it out in chapters based on each of the bullets that pierced his body ( Bullet Number Three on Whidbey Island ; Number Six in Alaska within view of the glacier where icebergs are born ) .
Domenico Starnone , Ties
Novelist Jhumpa Lahiri ’ s first published translation of an Italian text is the 11th novel from the Strega-award winning Neapolitan writer Starnone . It ’ s a story of family ties disrupted , and of the echoes of marital distress played out over many decades , into the next generation . Starnone toggles between past and present , giving equal time to the voices of Vanda and her husband Aldo , and adding the perspectives of their son Sandro and daughter Anna . He frames his tale with a mysterious home invasion . Each detail resonates , from the name of the family cat to the idiosyncratic way in which Aldo ties his shoes to his cherished Polaroids . Distinguished by its distinctive characters and clarity of tone , Ties is a gem .
Meg Howrey , The Wanderers
Howrey ’ s new novel was inspired by a 2011 news report on Mars500 , a 520-day simulation of a space trip to Mars with a six-member crew from Russia , China and Europe . She gives equal time to Yoshi , Sergei and Helen , a crew of three astronauts from Japan , Russia and the US , who hope to be chosen for the Mars mission sponsored by a private company . As they endure a 17-month simulation , each must prove to have the stamina , sanity and discipline to withstand the enforced isolation and the series of calculated failures created by the “ sim ” team . The key question for each : “ Does it feel real ? ”
Douglas Coupland , Bit Rot
Canadian writer , designer and artist Coupland names his new collection of stories and essays for a digital archiving term describing how files can spontaneously decompose . With characteristic wit , he extends that term to describe “ the way my brain has been feeling since 2000 , as I shed older and weaker neurons and connections and create and enhance new and unexpected ones. ” Bit Rot offers priceless insights . Few people are better at explaining the ramifications of the digital era .
Jami Attenberg , All Grown Up
Andrea Bern is turning 40 soon . She ’ s an independent woman : “ I ’ m alone . I ’ m a drinker . I ’ m a former artist . I ’ m a shrieker in bed. ” Still , despite eight years in therapy , she ’ s questioning what it means to be an adult . She left art school in Chicago to come back to New York ( “ Spiritually , it ’ s a reverse commute ” ) . She left her art career for a full-time job , chose not to marry or have a child . She ’ s paid off her student loans , and furnished an apartment . Attenberg captures the kaleidoscopic flow of Andrea ’ s life in spare and witty vignettes that build to a surprising and moving conclusion .
Paul La Farge , The Night Ocean
The bizarre and the scandalous float through this novel , an alternate history that speculates about the connection between seminal American horror writer HP Lovecraft and a gay fan named Robert Barlow . The two lived together for several months in 1934 , when Lovecraft was 43 and Barlow was 16 . They collaborated on a story called The Night Ocean before Lovecraft died in 1937 . La Farge constructs a story within a story filled with artifice – a faux document ( the Erotonimicon , a supposed Lovecraft diary ) , false identities and faked suicides . Psychiatrist Marina Willett watches as her husband Charlie becomes obsessed with Lovecraft and believes he has found Barlow alive and living in Canada . Then Charlie disappears . This many-layered literary mystery is chockablock with surprise appearances – William Burroughs , Ursula Le Guin , Diego Rivera , Roy Cohn , to name a few .
Helene Cooper , Madame President
Pulitzer Prize-winning American journalist Cooper , who was born in Liberia , traces the rise of Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , the first democratically elected female president in Africa and a 2011 Nobel Peace Prize winner . Sirleaf was born in 1938 , educated in Monrovia and the US ( including a master ’ s degree at Harvard ) , and served as finance minister . Jailed by the military dictator Samuel Doe , she went into exile . In the 2005 presidential elections , Sirleaf generated a huge voting bloc of Liberian women , leading her to victory . Cooper ’ s incisive portrait is undergirded by her reporting on the country ’ s internal power struggles and years of dictatorial rule , Doe ’ s bloody military coup and civil war sparked by the notoriously brutal Charles Taylor . She also details the challenges Sirleaf met , including a $ 4.7 billion debt and the Ebola virus .
Mathias Enard , Compass
Compass chronicles one long night of memory , opium , illness and insomnia spent by Franz Ritter , a musicologist with an interest in Iranian music . Franz is entranced with the intersection of East and West , and with Sarah , a copper-haired academic with a fiery intellect . Now Sarah has written him from Sarawak , bringing up recollections , including their intimate overnight in Palmyra , academic conferences in Tehran , a voyage to Beirut with Nadim , the Iranian musician she marries . Haunted by unrequited love , Franz meditates on his treasured compass , once owned by Beethoven , which always points east . Compass , which won France ’ s Priz Goncourt , is poetic , ironic , irresistible .
Elif Batuman , The Idiot
Selin , the daughter of Turkish immigrants , arrives at Harvard in 1995 – at the dawn of email – ready to take on all intellectual challenges that come her way . She makes friends with Svetlana , a Serbian classmate , and becomes close with Ivan , a Hungarian upperclassman . Thanks to Ivan , she spends the summer after her freshman year in Europe , with a job teaching English in Hungarian villages . Seline is open-minded and adventurous ( “ I got on a random tram to see where it went , ” she notes during a visit to Budapest ) . Batuman ’ s sardonic wit makes for a delectable unfolding of Selin ’ s experience of love , life and language .
All barks are off - the royal family 's newest member will be a girl named Alexandra .
At least that 's the oh-so-official prediction made by a bunch of racing corgis . Betting site Ladbrokes introduced the world 's first `` Barkingham Palace Gold Cup '' in London , pitting 10 adorable corgis against one another in a dog-eat-dog contest to determine the name and sex of the new baby .
Alexandra took first place on the winner 's podium , fighting tooth-and-tail for the ultimate honor . She beat out Camilla and Victoria with a blindingly swift and adorable time of 4.32 seconds .
`` Alexandra romped to victory and it looks like Kate will soon be giving birth to a little girl next month , '' Jessica Bridge of Ladbrokes told The Mirror . `` Royal baby betting is booming and the arrival of a new heir to the throne is sure to see a record amount of wagers placed . ''
The outcome may shock the actual betting market . `` Elizabeth '' is a strong favorite for a girl at 5/1 odds , and bettors predict that another royal boy would be named `` James '' at 8/1 . The Duchess of Cambridge has n't revealed much about the child-to-be , though some outlets are reporting that her due date is in April .
A little girl with hearing problems told Santa Claus what she wants for Christmas using sign language .
The heartwarming scene was captured by an onlooker at Middlesbrough 's Cleveland Centre on November 5 and was posted to YouTube . It has since attracted over 156,600 views .
In the short video , the girl 's mum is then heard telling Santa : 'Sorry , she ca n't talk very well . '
The kind Kris Kringle then asks if she uses sign language to which her mother replies : 'Yeah , she does animals and things like that . '
Saint Nick then taps the adorable girl 's arm to get her attention before using hand signals to ask her what she wants for Christmas .
In what appeared to be a scene straight out of the tear-jerking movie Miracle on 34th Street , Santa and his excited little pal are then seen conversing in sign language .
The animated youngster 's eyes light up and she beams as she tells Santa that she hopes to find a scooter underneath her Christmas tree .
Within hours of the video being posted online , thousands of people had watched it - and almost all were completely enchanted with the inspiring scene .
Researchers in Australia and New Zealand have found that acupuncture can significantly reduce the severity and duration of period pain .
The study conducted by Australian and New Zealand researchers also found it relieved associated headaches and nausea .
'Our pilot study found that using manual stimulation of the needles , rather than an electrical pulse , commonly used in many Chinese studies for period pain , resulted in reduced need for pain-relieving medication and improvement in secondary symptoms such as headaches and nausea , ' said Dr Mike Armour .
'The latter was unexpected and will be explored further in future , larger trials . '
Dr Armour is a postdoctoral research fellow at Western Sydney University 's National Institute of Complementary Medicine .
It was a small pilot study of 74 women aged between 18 and 45 which found that more than half had at least a 50 percent reduction in the severity of their period pain after undergoing acupuncture treatment .
The women underwent the treatment for three months , with the effects lasting for up to a year .
Many of the women also reported less of a need to use painkillers to treat their period pain and an improvement in secondary symptoms .
This included headaches and nausea , according to the study published in the international journal PLOS One .
Known in medical circles as primary dysmenorrhea , period pain is most common in women aged under 25 .
It is also the most common gynaecological problem among women generally , with four in five encountering it during their reproductive years .
The researchers from Western Sydney University and the University of Auckland also found that manual acupuncture , where thin needles are inserted at certain points on the body , provided more relief than electro-acupuncture , which involves a small electrical current passing through the needles .
During the study , the women kept a diary and underwent one of four types of manual or electro acupuncture treatments .
Twelve treatments were carried out either once or three times a week over three menstrual cycles .
The women reported significant reductions in 'peak pain ' during the first three days of their period and in `` average pain '' experienced over their entire period , with the effects sustained for 12 months .
Many also experienced improvements in PMS-related symptoms such as mood swings .
'Treatment timing appears to play a small role , with high frequency of treatment providing greater improvements in health-related quality of life , ' the researchers wrote .
They say that beauty is in the eye of the beholder , but it seems that often it is even more powerful if that beholder is from a different country .
Much like how people with straight hair want curly hair or those with pale skin indulge in fake tanning , men and women often find that they are significantly more attractive when visiting another country .
Travellers have taken to social media to share their tales of this confusing yet pleasant phenomenon .
Men from Asian countries who claim they are considered distinctly average at home say they have become studs in Western countries while Eastern European ladies of a similar ilk said they have attracted huge amounts of attention in places like China .
Tourists have now been sharing the details of these eye-opening visits on Quora .
In a forum post , they detailed just how much more attractive they were considered in a country other than their own , and why .
For some , it was that their dark skin seemed exotic to locals , in other cases it was the colour of their hair or slim build .
To find out where you need to holiday next for a bit of an ego boost , read on .
An American woman in Scandinavia
Marie Horace from South Florida said :
'I am mostly of Latin Afro Caribbean descent and it 's quite diverse where I live , so I am considered pretty average looking .
'Most guys go for full-figured women like the Kardashians but I am what most people here would label as `` skinny '' and I got teased at school quite a bit actually because of it .
'Imagine my surprise when at University I went on a trip to Scandinavia , and got reactions there from men I never in a million years thought possible - I was called beautiful more times than I could count and I 've seen Swedish women , they are gorgeous ! '
An Indonesian woman in Europe
LLolyta from Indonesian said :
'In my home country , I am not considered as beautiful but when I went to Europe last summer I got a lot of attention , especially from Western guys .
In Indonesia , having a tanned skin tone is not considered beautiful - fair or light skinned with long straight hair are the basics `` rules '' of being attractive .
A Russian woman in China
Katherine Mesh , from Siberia in Russia said :
'One of the best countries to feel more attractive is indeed China .
'I am from Siberia , where there are more beautiful and uptight ladies than anywhere else .
'But in China , even after workout or with no make-up at all you are still beautiful and exotic to Chinese people . '
An Asian-American in Singapore
Wansai Ounkeo from the US , said :
'In America , my dating life was pretty barren - I was this 5'7 '' , introverted Asian guy , with what my brother considered to be `` bland Asian physical characteristics that make you forgettable '' .
'After landing in Singapore , my dating life basically exploded and just kept exploding .
'I even had strangers follow me and proposition me for various sexual activities . '
A Nepalese woman in Eastern Europe
Pooja Gautam from Nepal said :
'In Nepal , I used to be considered average looking and girls with lighter skin always got way more attention than myself .
'Here in Poland though , it ’ s not very common to see darker foreigners and I have received unusually high levels of attention from the locals .
'Tanning salons are a big thing in Polish cities and some Poles find it hard to believe when I tell them that many Nepalese people carry umbrellas on hot , sunny days to prevent their skin from turning darker .
An Indian woman in Africa
Sonali Gupta from India said :
'I am a typical Indian girl and I certainly do n't fit in the category of beautiful .
'I recently went on a trip to South Africa and was pleasantly surprised to receive so many compliments on my looks .
'It felt really nice to be called beautiful and receive comments on my smile , as well as hair . '
An Eastern European woman in the UK
Alzbeta Ze from the Czech Republic said :
'I have never been considered particularly beautiful - the beauty standard in the Czech Republic is tanned women with slim bodies but proper boobs and hips , long hair , clear skin and symmetrical faces .
'I 'm not fat but I have quite a lot of curves and my skin is really , really pale .
'But whenever I go to the UK , I am approached and invited on dates a lot and and when I lived in Sweden and I got a lot of attention from men there . '
A young member of the Spanish royal family has been accused of racially abusing a staff member at a theme park in Madrid , after being told that he was not allowed to jump the queue for a ride .
A nephew of King Felipe , 16-year-old Don Froilán , apparently lost his temper at the Parque de Atracciones last week , when he attempted to jump a long queue . After being challenged by a schoolteacher , Froilán is alleged to have said : “ I ’ m fourth in line to the Spanish throne . ”
According to El Economista newspaper , an attendant at the park then told the teenager that he would have wait his turn for the ride , at which point , Froilán shouted : “ You shut up , you f***ing chino. ” “ Chino ” is used in Spain to describe a person of Chinese origin .
It is not the first time Froilán – or Felipe Juan Froilán de Todos los Santos de Marichalar y Borbón , to give him his full name – has found himself in trouble .
Last year , he was kicked out of school after twice failing his exams , and in 2012 he managed to shoot himself in the footduring a hunting trip . At the time he was not yet 14 , the minimum legal age to use firearms in Spain .
Indeed , while the popularity of Spain ’ s immediate royal family has soared since King Felipe came to the throne last year , those on the periphery of the family find themselves in ever-hotter water . Froilán is the son of the King ’ s sister , Elena , the Duchess of Lugo . His aunt is Cristina , the Duchess of Palma de Mallorca , who is set to become the first Spanish royal family member ever to stand trial .
Last November , a court upheld tax fraud charges against her , but dropped allegations of money laundering . The case concerns her husband ’ s business dealings and , if found guilty , Princess Cristina could face 11 years in prison .
King Felipe was crowned last year , after the abdication of his father , Juan Carlos .
A hero to many for helping to restore democracy to Spain after the 40-year dictatorship of Francisco Franco , Juan Carlos ’ s later years on the throne were dogged by scandals .
At the height of the financial crisis , which hit Spain especially hard , the former king was photographed hunting elephants in Botswana .
After he suffered an injury during the trip it emerged that he had been involved in a years-long affair with a German aristocrat .
`` The Normal Heart resonated with him on a few levels : Mr. Parsons is gay and in a 10-year relationship , and working with an ensemble again onstage was like nourishment , he said . ''
`` I took Todd with me to events . You never know when the topic is going to be broached , who knows . And then finally one day , when working on Harvey , I did a piece with Patrick Healy for the New York Times and he just point-blank asked : 'Was working on The Normal Heart meaningful to you as a gay man ? ' And I was like : 'Well , yeah . ' And what a wonderful — I ca n't tell you what a wonderful thing that was . What a gift he gave me with one question . It was suddenly out there and official . ''
`` I love my manager … my agent … and oh , my favorite person on earth , Todd Spiewak . ''
`` When Todd and I heard that we were so graciously being given this Inspiration Award , we were very flattered , '' said Parsons , quipping , `` We were also very confused . ''
`` I 've never considered myself an activist , '' he continued . `` I have never considered my relationship with Todd to be an act of activism , rather it is simply an act of love — coffee in the morning , going to work , washing the clothes , taking the dogs ( out ) — regular life , boring love . ''
`` No offense , you know what I mean by that . Now all this said , no one is giving us an award for activism , I realize this . So if we are indeed an inspiration to others by simply being who we are and living our lives in the way that feels right to us , then we have to thank the same people who help any other couple who continue a successful relationship : our friends and family . ''
`` My boss and Jim 's best friend from grad school were friends , two women , and they hooked us up , '' said Spiewak . `` They were with us on the first date , so we were n't alone . ''
`` It 's very nice…It 's a very wonderful , run-of-the-mill relationship . I mean , that 's the joy of it , is n't it ? '' said Parsons . `` It 's something we both obviously craved . Crave ! ''
`` That was not nice . I mean , I hate karaoke — oh my God , do I hate it . ''
`` I met this guy ( the one with the mic ) 14 years ago today and it was the best thing that ever happened to me , no contest . One of his greatest gifts to me is that he no longer takes me to sing karaoke . Also , I believe this was a selfie with an actual camera , as our phones could n't do that back then hahaha ! # todd # anniversary . `` |
`` Cheers and happy birthday to you , Todd ! ! ! '' he gushed . `` You were already my favorite person in the whole wide world , but I actually love you even MORE now that we 're in the same age-decade ! Haha ! Happy 40th ! ! ! ! ''
Responses in Amsterdam , where property prices have been rocketing due to a crippling housing shortage , have ranged from astonished indignation to wry resignation .
An estate agent has been caught offering for rent a 35 sq metre apartment , boasting its own “ private kitchen ” , for €1,100 a month .
Just a couple of catches , however : cooking is strictly prohibited and no more than two people are allowed into the flat at any one time .
Amsterdam has been undergoing a property price boom in recent years , bringing costs back almost to the levels before the 2008 financial crisis . Prices in the Dutch city have risen nearly 22 % .
In large part , this has been due to a housing shortage that is expected to peak next year when demand outstrips supply in the Netherlands by an estimated 200,000 dwellings .
However , the most recent example of the sky-high values being apportioned to relatively humble abodes has raised eyebrows , even in the current market .
“ This studio apartment has a private bathroom and private kitchen , ” the advert on the website of the estate agent , Stone Capital , says of the property in the central Jordaan area . “ The kitchen is fully equipped , except for a cooking plate . Cooking is explicitly not allowed in this apartment due to regulations . ”
The advert adds : “ However , the apartment has a microwave . Water heater . Maximum two people at all times . ”
The Dutch broadcaster RTL , which discovered the ad , also reports that while it has been advertised as a two-room flat , one of those is the bathroom and the other is a joint bedroom/kitchen .
One person responding to the advert suggested : “ Please also add – maximum weight of tenant 65kg when fully dressed . ”
A second wrote : “ The lack of space and the huge increase in demand due to Airbnb has given landlords a irrational amount of power … now they can start asking for ridiculous conditions and still the apartment will be rented/sold . ”
One saw the funny side , however : “ I can understand this . When our dear Lord with his culinary watering can spread the art of cooking on the face of the earth the Dutch were not the first in the queue . ”
Stone Capital did not respond to the Guardian ’ s request for comment . A spokeswoman for the estate agent told RTL she was “ unsure ” what regulations prevented cooking in the flat , adding that the landlords were responsible for the wording of the adverts . The advert has since been pulled from the estate agent ’ s site .
Bon viveurs worried about spoiling their shirts at supper will be able strip off and feast in the nude when London ’ s first naked restaurant opens this summer .
The Bunyadi , which already has a waiting list of more than 4,000 , will be open for three months from June 2016 . Diners will be encouraged to disrobe and “ experience true liberation ” while tucking into a tasting menu .
On arrival , customers will be escorted to a changing room , asked to place their clothes and belongings in lockers and given a light gown . It is then up to them whether to remove the final item of clothing at the table . Tables will be partly obscured by bamboo screens , creating a semblance of privacy . Large napkins will presumably be provided to prevent unfortunate burns .
Naked serving staff will wait on tables , offering a menu which will include grilled meats as well as vegan options , all cooked on a wood fire and served on handmade clay crockery .
According to the masterminds behind the restaurant , the “ Pangaea-like ” enterprise seeks to free guests from the “ trappings of the industrialised-world ” . Mobile phones and photographs will be banned .
The Bunyadi - a Hindi term meaning 'fundamental ' , 'base ' or 'natural ' - is the latest creation from Lollipop , the company behind Shoreditch 's Breaking Bad cocktail bar , ABQ London .
Founder Seb Lyall said : “ I think it will appeal to vegans and naturists from all over the UK . It won ’ t be a first date venue but certainly second dates and dinner with friends . ”
The venue in central London - its specific location is so far undisclosed - has a capacity of forty-two and dinner will cost around £60 per person .
Mr Lyall added : “ We believe people should get the chance to enjoy and experience a night out without any impurities : no chemicals , no artificial colours , no electricity , no gas , no phone - and even no clothes .
“ We have worked very hard to design a space where everything patrons interact with is bare and naked . The use of natural bamboo partitions and candlelight has enabled to us to make the restaurant discreet , whilst adhering to the ethos behind it . No doubt , this has been the most challenging project for us yet , which makes us very excited about it . ”
It is known as Cadillac One and 'The Beast ' or , as President Trump now calls it , his personal limousine service .
These pictures show the brand new incarnation of the President 's official vehicle undergoing final testing before it is delivered to the White House .
The sedan is longer than two large SUVs and , for the moment , remains in white and black camouflage designed to make it more difficult to identify new features aboard the vehicle .
The final version will be painted black and silver just like the current version , once it is given the final approval .
General Motors , which reportedly made the vehicle , had hoped for it to be ready for Mr Trump 's inauguration in January but it will now be deployed later this month .
The £1.2 million car is part of a fleet of 12 which cost around £15 million and is arguably the safest vehicle in the world , as befits the President of the United States .
The Beast weighs eight tonnes and has eight-inch thick steel doors that weigh the same as those on a Boeing 757 - and are sealed to withstand biological and chemical attacks .
The front windscreen can withstand armour piercing bullets or a .44 magnum and the bodywork is military grade and five inches thick .
The reinforced undercarriage with withstand going over a roadside bomb and the fuel tank is explosive resistant .
Only the driver 's side window can open in case he needs to pay a toll - and in the boot are cases of the President 's blood for an emergency transfusion .
Among the other features are shotguns on board in case an attack breaks out , Kevlar tyres that run even if they are flat and an oxygen system in the trunk in case of a chemical attack .
A number of guns are hidden in the front grille of the vehicle which can be used to fire on an attacker .
The Beast also has night vision cameras on board and appears to run on diesel due to the oversized rectangular fuel filler door .
The Beast is not the only hi-tech vehicle in the Presidential fleet .
Among the motorcade is the President 's own communications antenna - a mobile cellphone tower strapped to the top of a car in his motorcade .
One of the few times The Beast has broken down was in 2013 when a driver put the wrong fuel into it while on a trip to Israel .
The embarrassing blunder left the Secret Service scrambling to find a vehicle that could take President Obama around Tel Aviv .
He was not on board at the time .
Mr Obama 's staff had anticipated every eventuality with The Beast and had bought generators and backup equipment - but they did not count on such a basic human error .
Another incident was on a 2011 trip to Ireland when The Beast got stuck on a speed bump outside the US Embassy in Dublin .
A number of people around the world are stressed out about what ’ s going on in the White House — but former President Barack Obama doesn ’ t look like he ’ s one of them .
A smiling Obama was enjoying being jobless as he rode the waves recently in the Virgin Islands with Richard Branson .
Branson published a blog post Tuesday with pictures and video of the ex-president kitesurfing off one of his private islands in the British Virgin Islands .
Obama , and his wife , Michelle , have spent time vacationing with the Virgin Group founder since leaving the White House Jan 20 .
Branson writes that Obama , a native of Hawaii , told him he was prevented from surfing by his security detail during his time in office , so he jumped at the chance to learn how to kitesurf .
“ It was a huge honour to be able to invite President Barack and Michelle Obama down to the British Virgin Islands for a complete break after Barack finished his second term as President and the family left the White House , ” Branson wrote .
The billionaire said he and the former leader of the free world challenged one another to see if Obama could learn to kitesurf before Branson learned how to foilboard .
“ As you can see in the video , Barack and I both fell many times , but we kept trying again and again and made progress over the days , ” Branson wrote .
The Obamas have been enjoying the high life since turning over the White House to President Trump last month .
The pair spent some time in Palm Springs , Calif. before hitting the Caribbean .
The former first couple will return to Washington , D.C. shortly , where they are renting a home about two miles from the White House while their younger daughter , Sasha , completes high school .
Obama is the first president to stay in D.C. after his term since Woodrow Wilson in 1921 .
He has said he plans to spend his time writing his memoirs of his time in office and working on the National Democratic Redistricting Committee , a group of Democratic organizers led by former Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr .
“ I want to do some writing , ” Obama told reporters ahead of his retirement . “ I want to be quiet a little bit and not hear myself talk so darn much . I want to spend precious time with my girls . ”
A blushing bride spent 200 hours hand stitching 22,000 individual goose feathers onto her dream dress .
Cheryl McGlynn , 24 , from Middlesbrough , was delighted to wear her one-of-a-kind dress for her wedding after working day and night for a fortnight sewing on the white feathers - which cost £1,200 alone .
The mother-of-one runs her own business wedding dress business , Cheryl Holmsrom Bespoke , and spent more than six months planning , designing and creating her masterpiece for her marriage to sweetheart Joel , 25 .
She managed to continue working , designing and making dresses for brides-to-be who wanted to use her services .
Cheryl said that she had always wanted to be the person to design and make the dress for her own big day as she would never trust another designer .
She believes the dress would have cost more than £7,000 to make if she had designed it for a client , and is now planning on breaking it down to recreate another to gain some extra money .
The amazing dress features a tight corset-style top which was all hand embroidered by Cheryl , flowing down to the incredible train of delicate goose feathers .
She also added hers and her husband 's names to the back of the dress for an extra personal touch .
Alongside the stunning creation , Cheryl also made a beautiful 18th-century inspired dress for her daughter Honey , two , and dresses for her three bridesmaids .
Cheryl said : 'I worked hard day and night without stopping for weeks before the wedding to make sure everything was right .
'I just hid up in my little sewing room and got stuck in . I had to hand stitch each of the 22,000 goose feathers , which I made sure I got from a UK supplier .
'My final piece in my Art and Design degree was based on Swan Lake and when I graduated and Joel proposed , I 've been obsessed with feathers and knew I wanted to have them on my wedding dress .
'I wanted it to be a winter wedding because Joel popped the question on Christmas Day in 2011 . The dress had to have a winter theme but I wanted it to be extravagant because it reflects my personality perfectly .
'It is a unique piece . I do n't know any other designer around here that works so intricately with feathers . I had to make my own wedding dress , it 's always been my dream . '
Cheryl 's wedding to Joel , an HGV driver , took place in St Cuthbert 's church in Middlesbrough on December 5 .
She said : 'It was the best feeling in the world to finally get it on , I felt like a princess .
'It was so much work that I felt really overwhelmed when I was walking down the aisle . I was even still working on my head piece the night before .
'I ended up crying because I 'd spilt wine down the front of it .
A 17-year-old girl takes a stroll around the athlete village of the Rio Olympics .
The village is a salad bowl of different colors and patterns . I walk in and almost everyone around me is wearing a jacket or a T-shirt with a national flag proudly stamped on it . I tried hard to mentally process this opportunity . The young man that just walked passed me could be the next Michael Phelps and the woman standing over there could be the next Serena Williams .
Walking among the greatest athletes of the world for half a day was a huge honor that ’ s difficult to comprehend until you are actually there . I ate at the cafeteria Olympians eat at . I walked around the fitness gym Olympians work out at .
At an outdoor bench , I chatted with Chinese golfer Ashun Wu about life at the village . From his start at a countryside village in China to qualifying for the first golf Olympics in a hundred years , Ashun was happy to be a part of the athlete village in Rio .
“ No one thought we ’ d make it to the Olympics , ” he gushed , “ But I walked the opening ceremony ! To participate and to play here , I have no more regrets in life . ”
Being the foodie I am , I had to ask about meals at the village .
“ The cafeteria food is really average , ” he said , “ Some athletes are sick of it already , so the McDonald ’ s here has become a well-known hotspot . ”
I couldn ’ t leave the athlete village without trying out the Olympian diet ( without any of the restrictions , thankfully ) . The place only served Brazilian and Asian food with a bonus o f pizza and pasta . I could definitely understand how athletes got sick of it . But what I can ’ t understand is how McDonald ’ s became a hotspot . There were at least 20 people waiting in line while I was there . How can these athletes bear putting junk food like McDonald ’ s into their bodies ? I guess everyone needs a break .
It ’ s hard to imagine the same people who dug their teeth into a burger would also be ferociously digging their feet into a work out machine . I was totally mind-blown as I walked around the fitness center and witnessed top athletes work their magic . Athletes from various countries were in one giant room , sweating hard together , exercising with perfect posture .
Before today , I was so unaware of how significant this little community is . I never thought Earth still had such a peaceful community of competing athletes living together and maybe even learning from each other .
Strutting down the catwalk , models these days tend to accessorise with a frown and a steely glare .
But now the world ’ s oldest model has told them to take a leaf out of her book – and cheer up .
Daphne Selfe , who started modelling in the 1950s , has lamented that today ’ s crop of youngsters walking the catwalk look miserable .
The 87-year-old told an audience at the Cheltenham Literature Festival that she enjoyed the experience of posing on the runway . She said she thought it a shame that the same pleasure is not reflected on the faces of today ’ s models which includes the likes of super-surly Cara Delevingne , 23 .
Miss Selfe said : ‘ I like prancing on the catwalk . They all look so sullen now , don ’ t you think ? Why it is they all look so miserable ? I always enjoy it . I don ’ t think you should grin at the audience but I do think you should look pleasant . ’
Miss Selfe has posed for the likes of Dolce & amp ; Gabbana , Gap , Nivea and Olay during a career which has spanned more than 60 years .
She has also featured in top fashion magazines like Vogue and Marie Claire and been photographed by renowned fashion photographers including Mario Testino .
She currently holds the Guinness World Record for the world ’ s oldest professional fashion model .
Miss Selfe also discussed the training she received after being launched into the industry in 1950 – something she believes the models of today would benefit from .
Those entering the industry in her era were sent for three weeks training in ‘ general deportment ’ .
Models practised walking down a catwalk with a book on their head to ‘ give good carriage ’ .
They also had lessons on how to get in and out of a sports car ‘ without showing their knickers ’ and how to do their own hair and make-up .
Miss Selfe also criticised fashion magazines for being ‘ too expensive ’ and geared up for a much younger generation .
She said : ‘ The population is getting older . Why isn ’ t there more clothing for those people ? …I don ’ t like the colours mostly . I think they are so dreary . ’
And what about the red carpet outfits worn by celebrities ? ‘ They don ’ t make people look terribly attractive , ’ she said .
Miss Selfe believes that ‘ half the business of looking good is eating properly , taking exercise , thinking good thoughts , being curious and positive . ’
Her own beauty regime includes cutting out processed food , shopping at a WI market over the supermarket , drinking plenty of water and always taking her make-up off before bed .
Most women will agonise over making sure their CV is up to scratch - but the secret to securing a job interview may be as simple as wearing a low-cut dress , a study found .
New research suggests that female applicants who included a photo of themselves in revealing clothing were five times more likely to secure an interview .
The study , which is to be revealed at a body image conference in London on Tuesday , was conducted in Paris and covered the chances of earning a job interview for sales and accounting positions .
Carried out by Dr Sevag Kertechian , a researcher at Paris-Sorbonne University , the study was intended to discover just what impact clothing could have on the recruitment process .
Using two similar looking women with near identical experience on their CVs , they each applied for 100 roles wearing conservative clothing and another 100 roles pictured in a more revealing outfit .
Out of the 200 roles that were applied for , the submissions which were accompanied by a low-cut dress received 62 more interview offers than their more conservatively dressed counterparts .
From the 200 accountancy applications , there were 68 more interview offers for the more provocatively dressed woman .
The results , will be discussed at the Appearance Matters Conference , which begins today ( Tues ) , and is the world ’ s largest event on body image and disfigurement .
Run by the Centre for Appearance Research , the conference will see more than 200 appearance experts from across the world tackle issues including weight loss surgery , eating disorders and ‘ ultra-thin ’ dolls .
Dr Kertechian said : ‘ Our results showed interesting trends as low-cut dresses significantly influenced the choice of the recruiters , even for accounting positions .
‘ Regardless of the job , whether customer-facing saleswoman or office-based accountant , the candidate with the low cut clothing received more positive answers .
‘ The results were quite shocking and negative but not necessarily surprising – they show we need to conduct more research . ’
Held in London for the first time in its 13-year history , the Appearance Matters Conference will see researchers from a variety of disciplines relating to the psychology of appearance .
Among the academics presenting their work at the conference will be Dr Amy Slater , whose study found young girls reported heightened body dissatisfaction after playing a children ’ s internet ‘ makeover ’ game for just 10 minutes .
“ Achieving Inclusive Growth in the Fourth Industrial Revolution ”
Mass entrepreneurship , innovation
China has achieved better-than-expected results in its efforts to drive mass entrepreneurship and innovation . The number of market entities in China increased by a daily average of 40,000 in the past three years .
Financial risk control
We will defend the bottom line of no systemic risks . We are capable of fending off all kinds of risks and ensuring the economic growth stays in a reasonable range .
Economic globalization
Based on the principal of equal consultation , mutual understanding and accommodation , as well as equal treatment without discrimination , countries must seek convergent interests and complement each other ’ s advantages to achieve win-win results .
“ The Fourth Industrial Revolution and Its Transformational Impact ”
Chinese economy optimistic
Downward pressure on the Chinese economy is still huge , and difficulty still exists . We faced and undertook difficult tasks , showing that we have the determination to overcome it . Chinese economy is more about hope than difficulty .
New driving engines
Against the downward pressure , we did not take strong stimulative measures . Instead , we adopted new macro-control measures , pushed forward structural reform , and tried to create new growth engines while upgrading the traditional ones .
As time goes by , new growth engines are emerging , which will surely support the future economy in China .
Sharing economy
The sharing economy means crowd innovation . Everyone can take part in it and benefit from it . It helps establish a reasonable pattern of income distribution , provide equal opportunities , expand the middle-income group , help each person realize the potential and promote social equity and justice .
China a responsible country
Overcapacity is a global issue , and we will take active measures to cut production capacity , which in turn shows China as a big responsible country .
Joint efforts
Amid globalization , it ’ s impossible for any country to talk about domestic development while disconnecting from the global economic environment . We should join our hands to go forward .
“ Charting a New Course for Growth ”
Economy remains stable
The government has taken effective measures to counter economic slowdown . Meanwhile , positive factors are increasing to support a stable economy .
Economic growth is resilient
China ’ s economy is highly resilient and can endure any possible impact . The Chinese people are striving toward a well-off society , a great goal by 2020 that will summon strong social cohesion and power .
China remains a powerhouse for world economy
Although more than 70 million people are still living in poverty in China , the nation already has a large middle-income group with increasing consumption capacity . China is not a source of risk but a powerhouse for global economic growth .
Government needs partners
Mass entrepreneurship and innovation require comprehensive and available public products and services supported by structural reform .
In the process , the government should encourage participation from private and foreign capital .
Continue opening up
China ’ s reform is a process that requires continuous opening-up and integration with the world , and the government will make every effort to make the country the most attractive destination for global investment .
“ Creating Value Through Innovation ”
Deepening comprehensive reform
China will continue to deepen administration reform and cancel unnecessary approvals within five years . The ongoing administration streamlining will unleash the potential of the market and inject vitality to economic growth .
Mass entrepreneurship and innovation
Innovation supports China ’ s economic growth , and the government will advocate mass entrepreneurship and innovation to unleash the potential of the Chinese people .
More focus on economic restructuring
Under the new landscape of the domestic and global economy , China will pay more attention to economic restructuring rather than to short-term fluctuations in some indexes .
No zero-sum game among nations
Global prosperity needs win-win and beneficial cooperation among different nations . China will firmly stay on the peaceful road of development and become an active participant of and contributor to the international system .
Open , fair and unified international market
China advocates an open , fair and unified international market , and supports bilateral and multilateral free trade zones . China is committed to building a high-level network of free trade zones and against all types of protectionism , as well as trade wars .
“ Meeting the Innovation Imperative ”
China to keep sustainable , steady growth
As long as we stick to long-term goals and resolve immediate problems , the Chinese economy will certainly keep sustainable , steady growth , just as a huge wheel sets course .
Reform and development to benefit people
China ’ s future economic growth must be based on higher efficiency and better quality , with resource conservation and ecological protection . It will also be powered by innovation in science and technology , and secure employment and people ’ s income . In other words , results of reform and development should benefit the majority of our people .
More participation in international governance
As an ancient Chinese saying goes , “ A gentleman is always ready to help others attain their goals. ” We believe that only by helping each other can we all attain our goals .
We are ready to take a more active part in international governance and do our best to contribute to international public good . We are ready to share our poverty reduction successes and offer more assistance to fellow developing countries . We will share the responsibility contribute to a strong , sustainable and balanced world economy .
Princess Charlotte celebrates her first birthday on Monday , what do we know about her so far ?
1 . She 's a very easy , sweet baby , according to her father
But the Duke of Cambridge is also predicting some challenges ahead . While at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff ahead of the RBS 6 Nations Wales v France game in February , William revealed : 'Charlotte is very easy , she is sweet .
'But all the fathers say to me 'just you wait , when they get to nine or 11 they get crazy ' . I 'm looking forward to it . There will be some drama . '
2 . Her arrival was celebrated in sparkling style
The Duchess of Cambridge was given a pair of £3,500 tourmaline , amethyst and diamond earrings , which she wore on her royal tour of India , to mark the birth of her daughter in May 2015 .
The bespoke drop earrings were made by luxury jeweller Kiki McDonough , but the brand did not reveal who gave them to Kate .
3 . She is a better sleeper than George
The Prince of Wales chatted about his baby granddaughter when he hosted a Clarence House tea party for pilots and aircrew who fought in the Second World War .
One of the guests revealed : 'We were talking about grandchildren , he was saying Princess Charlotte does sleep through the night and it was much easier on mum than Prince George . '
4 . She has made William more emotional
The Duke told Ant and Dec during a Prince 's Trust documentary about his experience as a father-of-two : 'Now the smallest little things , you well up a little more , you get affected by the sort of things that happen around the world or whatever a lot more , I think , as a father .
'Just because you realise how precious life is and it puts it all in perspective . The idea of not being around to see your children grow up and stuff like that . '
5 . She first experienced playing in the snow when she was 10-months-old .
William and Kate took their children on their first ski holiday to the French Alps in March . Aides described it as a 'very special and fun ' time for the family .
6 . Her great-grandmother the Queen is smitten
Kate told ITV 's Our Queen at Ninety programme : 'The Queen was really thrilled that it was a little girl and I think as soon as we came back here to Kensington , she was one of our first visitors here .
'The Queen is very fond of Charlotte and takes an interest in what she gets up to . '
The Queen - known to George and Charlotte as 'Gan Gan ' - also leaves out little gifts for her great-grandchildren when they come to stay .
7 . One of her favourite toys is a Fuddlewuddle puppy
Photos taken by Kate when Charlotte was six months old showed the princess laughing with delight at a soft Fuddlewuddle puppy , from British company Jellycat .
8 . She is a fan of The Gruffalo
William told actress Imelda Staunton that his children love The Gruffalo audiobooks which she narrated .
The Duke revealed that George and Charlotte listen to her readings of the Julia Donaldson books on car journeys .
9 . She missed out on meeting the Obamas
Charlotte was already tucked up in bed when US president Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama visited William and Kate at Kensington Palace . George , however , got to stay up late and see them .
10 . Her fringe is long enough to need a hair clip
In a historic family photograph taken by Annie Leibovitz to mark the Queen 's 90th , Charlotte is seen - with her blue eyes and dark hair - sitting on her great-grandmother 's lap , wearing a pink bow slide on the side of her head .
While experts are developing 'greener ' alternative fuel sources , a group of undergrads are creating a more natural one .
The team is working towards producing a biofuel that uses human and animal excretion , with the hopes of replacing harmful gasoline , diesel and jet fuel that dominate the market .
By engineering Bacillus subtilis , researchers are able to break down proteins and transform the left over material into alcohol biofuels and ammonia .
The US produces over 1 billion tons of animal and human waste every year , which does nothing but sit in an aerobically compost giving off harmful emissions .
David Wernick , a PhD candidate who graduated from the University of California , and his colleagues 'were struck by all the waste that is literally going to waste ' and realized the material may have potential as a renewable fuel source , reports the University of California .
'We 're working with anything such as agricultural waste like manure , municipal waste like sewage , plant matter , cellulosic matter and even carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere , ' said Wernick in a video discussing the research .
Wernick explained that the world is dominated by gasoline , diesel and jet fuel as the main transportation fuels .
In 2014 , the US consumed 375 million gallons of gasoline every day for the entire year , according to the US Energy Information Administration .
Gasoline is n't just a toxic and highly flammable liquid it also produces vapors that pollute our air .
Burning this liquid releases carbon dioxide into the atmosphere – the biggest culprit of climate change .
And diesel and jet fuel do their part in polluting the air with polyaromatic hydrocarbons and nitrous oxides .
The secretariat of the CPPCC said it has received 945 proposals from attendees by noon on Mar 2 . Here is a glimpse of some proposals that have drawn attention from the public .
The current law , which limits punishment for prostitution and assembling for licentious activities between different sexes , should be amended to cover such activities between the same sex to prevent the spread of HIV/AIDS .
-- -Sun Jianfang , managing deputy director of Institute of Dermatology , Chinese Academy of Medical sciences .
The monopoly on taxies should be broken up and the numbers of taxies should be determined completely by the market .
-- -Li Shufu , Chairman of Zhejiang Geely Holding Group
China should issue a new version of the RMB to deter those corrupt officials who have stashed huge amounts of cash .
-- - Jiusan Society , a renowned democratic group in China
China should speed up the legislation concerning rare diseases and promote research on orphan drugs developed specifically to treat rare medical conditions .
-- -Liu Gexin , chairman of Kelun group , a pharmaceutical enterprise in Sichuan province
Amazon has revealed plans for a grocery shop without a checkout process , where customers will instead pay for the goods they have selected via an app .
The Just Walk Out shopping experience uses the same types of technologies found in self-driving cars .
The system detects when items are taken or returned to shelves and tracks them in a virtual shopping trolley .
Once the shopper leaves the store , their Amazon account will be charged and receipt sent to them .
The first shop is expected to open to the public in Seattle in the US in early 2017 .
`` Grocery retail is a crowded sector , and customers have incredibly high expectations of the Amazon brand , '' said Natalie Berg , an analyst at Planet Retail .
`` If they 're going to differentiate , they 'll need to translate the fantastic customer experience that they have created online in a physical store setting . This is no easy feat . Removing the traditional checkout process does exactly that . ''
Customers will swipe into the store using the Go app . It will use computer vision , sensors and deep learning algorithms to keep track of what customers are picking up off the shelves .
Amazon has spent four years developing the shop .
`` Despite significant investment in store technology , the checkout experience has been largely ignored , '' said Ms Berg .
`` Retailers have made a lot of progress on mobile payments as a standalone option ; however , very few have been successful in moving towards a comprehensive mobile wallet and thereby addressing the problem of long queues . This is where Amazon comes in . ''
The shop will offer ready-to-eat breakfast , lunch , dinner , and snack options made fresh every day by on-site chefs or by local kitchens and bakeries .
Grocery essentials such as bread and milk will also be on sale alongside Amazon Meal Kits , with all the ingredients needed to make a meal for two in about 30 minutes .
This is not the first time a grocery retailer has attempted innovation in the US .
Tesco disposed of its Fresh & amp ; Easy shops in 2013 after the small convenience stores focused on healthy foods proved unpopular with US shoppers more used to extensive choice .
Amazon already has physical book shops in the US .
But some users feel the company has not quite got the retail experience right , saying it feels more like an `` annex to a website '' .
When Chris Nik first saw a video of two Olympic divers ' precision entry into a pool , his first thought was that it was so perfectly executed they could have `` probably dived into cups '' .
So he took that thought and tried to bring it a step closer to reality .
He created an animated gif showing two Chinese divers jumping off the 10m-high diving board but ending up in two plastic cups . In less than a day it gathered more than 9 million views on image sharing website , Imgur .
The eight-second clip features China 's Chen Aisen and Lin Yue , who both won Olympic gold for the 10-metre synchronised diving event .
The response to the gif has been completely `` mind blowing '' , Mr Nik told the BBC .
`` I first thought of the idea when I saw them jumping so perfectly , '' Mr Nik told the BBC . `` So I challenged myself to see if I could do just that . ''
On Imgur the image was met with enthusiasm .
`` Their dive is amazing . The amount of effort you put into making this is amazing . Me ? I got out of bed before noon today '' said one commenter on Imgur .
`` I 've watched this gif for ten minutes , '' said another .
Mr Nik says it was `` insane when I saw the views keep going up higher than I expected '' .
`` I was actually talking to some friends earlier tonight and I was talking about the gif and they told me they had already seen it . They did n't believe me at first when I told them I was the one who made it ! ''
The International Olympic Committee has prohibited news organisations from creating Olympic content into gifs - we are not reproducing the short animation here .
An IOC guideline for news outlets stated that the `` use of Olympic Material transformed into graphic animated formats such as animated gifs , GFY , WebM , or short video formats such as Vines and others , is expressly prohibited '' .
The rule is meant to protect broadcasters by getting viewers to tune in for official Olympic broadcasts , instead of getting the content online .
Mr Nik says that for him `` seeing a GIF does n't satisfy my need for content , I 'm not any less likely to want to watch the full video '' .
However , looking ahead , Mr Nik hopes to continue making more gifs that spread good cheer .
`` It does n't take any secret special skill to make a gif , but the big question is finding something that inspires you and that you know will make people laugh . ''
George Saunders , Lincoln in the Bardo
Saunders , a masterful short story writer , takes a well-known tragedy in the life of one of the most honoured US presidents as the jumping-off point for his first novel . Abraham Lincoln 's son Willie died of typhoid at the age of 11 in 1862 . The president mourned as the Civil War raged , its outcome unclear , and with daily reports of rising casualties . Saunders uses the Tibetan Buddhist concept of 'the bardo ' - that netherworld between life and death - to centre his mosaic of voices within a vision of grief captured at the cemetery where Willie is buried . Saunders delicately reveals a connection between a father 's grief and Lincoln 's strategic decision to `` be brave and resolve the thing . ''
Ludmilla Petrushevskaya , The Girl from the Metropol Hotel
Petrushevskaya , a celebrated author in Russia , was born in 1938 across the street from the Kremlin in the Metropol Hotel , Moscow 's `` most famed residential building '' . While she was an infant , many members of her family of intellectuals were arrested and executed as `` enemies of the people '' . This ushered in a childhood of severe deprivation , starvation and isolation . She eats from the neighbour 's garbage and ca n't go to school in winter because she has no shoes . Yet Petrushevskaya narrates with joy swimming in the Volga , her grandmother 's retelling of classics by Gogol from memory and watching Rossini 's The Barber of Seville after climbing up the outside of the opera house .
Katie Kitamura , A Separation
The opening to Kitamura 's third novel is pitch-perfect : `` It began with a telephone call from Isabella . She wanted to know where Christopher was . '' Isabella 's son Christopher and his wife , the narrator , have kept their six-month marital separation a secret . Now he has disappeared . And his lies and betrayals are coming undone . The wife flies to Athens to track him down , determined to ask for a divorce . A Separation is an atmospheric and emotionally sophisticated novel that reads like a taut Patricia Highsmith thriller .
Steve Erickson , Shadowbahn
A lorry driver driving through South Dakota in 2021 sees the World Trade Center 's twin towers that fell two decades earlier looming up against the `` forbidding Badlands horizon '' . Soon , a gawking crowd has gathered , drawn by the spectacle dubbed the `` American Stonehenge '' , and this soon includes Parker and Zema , who take a side trip toward the Towers on their way to Michigan to visit their mother . In this audacious futuristic novel , Erickson takes on American myth and history , pushing our imaginative borders along ever more shadowy faultlines .
Glenn Frankel , High Noon
High Noon - the Gary Cooper Western whose title , since its release in 1952 , has connoted `` a moment of truth when a good man must confront evil '' - was shot in 32 days during the era of the Hollywood Blacklist . Frankel , a Pulitzer Prize winner , describes the consequences of the blacklist on the film industry , including its effect on the film 's writer , Carl Foreman , whose career was damaged because he refused to cooperate . Frankel makes the climate of suspicion and fear in Hollywood palpable .
Anders Rydell , The Book Thieves
Less well-known than the Nazi party 's systematic looting of artworks from the countries they invaded and their attacks on literature through book burnings and persecution of Jewish and leftist writers was their secret plundering of libraries all over Europe . The Third Reich 's goal was to capture the right to shape history by stealing , owning and twisting words stored in the libraries , archives , history and memories of Nazi enemies . Rydell , a Swedish editor and journalist , crosses Europe to investigate `` the most extensive book theft in the history of the world '' and reports on ongoing restitution efforts . Translated from the Swedish by Henning Koch , this is a chilling reminder of Hitler 's twisted power .
Vivek Shanbhag , Ghachar Ghochar
The first of Shanbhag 's eight novels to be translated into English follows one tight-knit family - the narrator , his parents , uncle , sister and wife - through an economic rise that causes surprising disruptions . After his father is forced into early retirement , `` the whole family stuck together , like a single body across the tightrope of our circumstances . '' The uncle comes to the rescue , starting a small firm that buys spices in bulk from Kerala and sells them to local grocers . With his profits , the family moves from a small house in the teeming lower-middle-class area of Bangalore to a modern house on the other side of the city . But despite rising fortunes , their lives become increasingly knotted up . Shanbhag 's concise novel gives `` one story , many sides . ''
Stephen O'Shea , The Alps
O'Shea 's enthralling summertime road trip through the Alps begins on the shores of Lake Geneva in Switzerland and ends in Italy , at the Adriatic port of Trieste . He reports on scores of daunting hairpin turns , awe-inspiring peaks and colourful fellow travelers , and muses on the Alpine locations of multiple James Bond films . He also adroitly sketches the historic spots he passes – the Swiss lakeside villa where Mary Shelley conceived Frankenstein in 1816 , Mozart 's birthplace , the Austrian salt mine where Nazis hid thousands of priceless art treasures . Breezy and informative , it a reminder of the ever-shifting attitudes toward mountains that have inspired poets and writers for centuries .
Christina Baker Kline , A Piece of the World
Kline 's new novel is inspired by Christina Olson , the woman in Andrew Wyeth 's best-known painting , Christina 's World . Christina , who lives in the house built by her ancestors in Cushing in the US state of Maine , has been left off-kilter from a childhood illness . Her bones and joints deteriorate over the years , and her dreams of escape end when a four-year relationship with a Harvard student ends . One day Wyeth , who spends his summers nearby , asks to use their house as a studio to paint . He and Christina have an instant bond , and she , her brother Al and the house become constant themes in his work over the decades . `` Sometimes a sanctuary , sometimes a prison , that house on the hill has always been my home , '' Baker writes in this beautifully rendered portrait of a woman 's interior life .
Ethel Rohan , The Weight of Him
Big Billy Brennan , the vulnerable man at the heart of Ethel Rohan 's first novel , is mired in grief - his teenage son has just committed suicide . He 's also gone up to 180kg and ca n't seem to stop eating . Days before returning to work as a quality inspector at a toy factory in rural Ireland , he begins walking a few laps around the house . He grows determined to wage a public campaign to lose half of his weight , and raise funds for suicide prevention . His parents , wife and three remaining children are aghast . Despite setbacks , he sticks to his plan . In heart-rending passages , Rohan captures the ways in which parents blame each other and themselves for the loss of a child , and the courage it takes to change .
The White House has announced plans to allow visitors to take photos and use social media during public tours of the building for the first time in 40 years .
In previous years , the public was banned from taking photographs with a camera phone or small camera inside 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue . But visitors will now be in with the chance of taking the perfect selfie ( as long as it 's not with a selfie stick ) at the White House now that the ban has been lifted .
First Lady Michelle Obama made the announcement about the change of policy in a video posted to her Instagram account . 'If you 've been on a White House tour , you may have seen this sign , ' she says holding up a piece of paper . 'Well , not anymore , ' she says smiling as she tears it apart . The sign had been displayed during tour hours and read 'no photos or social media allowed . '
The White House said in a statement : 'Guests are now welcome to take photos throughout the White House tour route and keep those memories for a lifetime . ' The long-standing ban ends on July 1 , and from that point on guests will be able to start using phone cameras and compact still cameras .
Embracing the increasing importance of social media , The White House is even encouraging people who visit the house to share their experience on Twitter using the hashtag # WhiteHouseTour . ' Official guidelines state that guests will be able to use phones and compact still cameras with a lens with three inches or less .
But The White House warns that visitors must ensure that their photography does not interfere with the enjoyment of other guests on the tour . And while it gave no specific reason for the sudden change there are still a few things that guests are not permitted to do . Video cameras , including action camcorders , cameras with detachable lenses , tablets , tripods , monopods and camera sticks are not allowed . Flash photography and live-streaming are also still prohibited .
Instagram is full of holiday snaps that make us feel , well , like failures .
One type of photograph that does this is the extreme camping shot - taken by intrepid travelers keen to let us know that they 've spent the night in a dangerous location . Some have even used Photoshop to do the job , it would seem .
But one disgruntled user has decided to call them out - by questioning whether they really did sleep somewhere dangerous , or whether , actually , they took a quick set-up shot and spent the night somewhere more relaxing .
It 's called # YouDidNotSleepThere and it has attracted more than 40,000 followers - and raised plenty of laughs along the way .
Run by a 28-year-old Canadian called Luisa , it has one message for those who post pictures of tents and hammocks in precarious places - you 're just being cliched . Describing itself as 'celebrating Instagram 's most illogical campsites ' , it boasts more than 200 uploads .
Luisa 's top three cliches are 'crazy long exposure shots ' , 'camping really close to water ' and 'hammocks in ridiculous places ' , according to fieldmag.com .
These two young men are on a seabed with a tent , table , laptop and chair in a snap that may well have taken the owner of the # YouDidNotSleepThere account to the depths of despair .
This user appears to have spent the night next to one of the world 's most famous landmarks . Is it amazing - or just tiresome ?
Apparently , this young couple hung their tent over the Grand Canyon at sunset . One commenter said 'good luck getting out of that tent ' .
A man can be seen perched on the edge of a cliff-face as he relaxes in a sleeping bag . It 's clearly a genuine shot and he 's obviously strong in the derring-do department - but did he really spend the night there ?
Account holder Luisa captioned this : 'Shoot for the moon cause if you miss you 'll land in Central Park '
One user claims to have successfully scaled this dizzying height and spent the night under the stars . An amazing picture - but how long did the subject spend there ? That 's another matter .
Nobel laureates sometimes display as much ingenuity when deciding how to spend their prize money as they did on the work that won them the award in the first place .
When Sir Paul Nurse won the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 2001 , he decided to upgrade his motorbike . A fellow winner in 1993 , Richard Roberts , installed a croquet lawn in front of his house . Austrian author Elfriede Jelinek , who won in 2004 , said the prize meant `` financial independence . ''
Lars Heikensten , executive director of the Nobel Foundation , said there were no obvious shopping trends among laureates .
`` I think it depends a lot on which country they come from , their personal finances ... what kind of incomes they have when they get the prize , and where they are in life , '' he said .
Real estate , however , is a popular option , at least among those willing to reveal what they spend the money on .
Over a million dollars sounds like a lot but it is often shared between several winners , diluting their Nobel spending power .
Wolfgang Ketterle at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , who shared the 2001 physics prize with two colleagues , put his share towards a house and his children 's education .
`` Since half goes to taxes in the US , there was nothing ( more ) left , '' he said .
Phillip Sharp , the American co-winner of the 1993 medicine prize , decided to splash out on a 100-year-old Federal style house .
`` I took that money and bought a little bit bigger house ... It 's a beautiful old place , '' he told AFP , adding that `` The money is a nice part of the process '' but `` the important thing about the prize is the recognition . ''
For winners of the peace prize the decision is often more clear-cut , as the honour tends to go to politicians , organisations and activists who are under more public scrutiny .
Many , like US President Barack Obama in 2009 and the European Union in 2012 , donate to charities .
Others support pet projects : the 2008 winner , former Finnish president Martti Ahtisaari , said he would finance a conflict resolution group he had set up .
But there has been one notable exception to the charitable giving .
Former US president Woodrow Wilson won the prize in 1920 but left it in a Swedish bank to earn interest , apparently because he was concerned about life after retirement in an age when former presidents got no government pension , according to one biography .
Literature laureates tend to be more private about how they use the money , but the choice is often equally straightforward .
`` Even if Nobel-winning authors are quite well known , many of them will not have made much money from writing , '' said Anna Gunder , a Nobel literature expert at Uppsala University .
While the prize might keep the wolf from the door for some years , giving them freedom to write , it can also briefly have the opposite effect .
`` It really changes their careers ... During the first year after they 've won they often write less , but they generally continue after a year or two , '' said Gunder .
Rotating your plate as it is placed on the table may improve the taste of your food , psychologists claim .
People have a subconscious preference for food that points away from them , according to Oxford University experts , to the extent that it can affect the flavour .
An experiment involving 12,000 people , carried out at London ’ s Science Museum , suggests that most people prefer their meal to be aligned facing away from them , and marginally to the right .
The perfect orientation , the scientists discovered , is for food to point at 3.2 degrees clockwise , a tiny fraction to the right of the vertical axis of the plate .
The effect is so pronounced that people actually experience an improved taste when the alignment is correct , the psychologists claim .
The results , published in the journal Food Quality and Preference , were obtained after thousands of people took part in an experiment at the Science Museum ’ s ‘ Cravings Exhibition ’ , which explores the way reward circuits in the brain that determine flavour are altered by outside influences .
Charles Michel , a chef and researcher on food aesthetics at Oxford University , said many people instinctively adjust their plate when it is placed in front of them .
‘ This everyday action that some of us do might hint at the fact that we all enjoy our food more when it is “ oriented ” in the best way possible .
‘ Indeed , by arranging the food to “ look better ” , we might be unconsciously enhancing its perceived value , and hence our enjoyment of it . ’
Experimental psychologist Professor Charles Spence , who contributed to the research paper , said the instinct is rooted in early human evolution .
‘ Also , might be that we associate left with “ past ” and right with “ future ” , because that ’ s the way in which we write . ’
Many food psychologists are convinced that a range of external circumstances change the way we experience and taste our food .
Professor Spence ’ s previous work has established , for example , that a heavier glass makes a gin and tonics taste better and that a fine dining cloth will improve the flavour of a meal .
He has also discovered that plastic blue spoons make food taste more salty , white spoons make food taste creamier and black spoons make it taste less sweet .
When it comes to Christmas dinner , there are almost as many varieties as there are cultures .
From German Christmas goose to `` fur coat '' fish , here are just some of the ways people celebrate Christmas around the world .
Germany
Weihnachtsgans , or German Christmas goose , is the traditional fowl that anchors family feasts around the country , though roast duck is becoming increasingly popular too .
Netherlands
`` Gourmetten is a typical Dutch Christmas dinner tradition , where a group of people sit at a table and cook their own little dishes in small pans ( atop a large hot plate ) , '' says Maartje Frederiks , CEO of the meal delivery group HelloFresh Benelux .
It is reminiscent of the Swiss and French raclette , though instead of grilling cheese on a communal grill , Dutch people grill a variety of meat , fish and vegetables .
`` Additionally , the Dutchies like to bake small omelets or pancakes , and dress the experience with a variety of different sauces and bread with garlic butter , '' says Frederiks .
Italy
The Feast of the Seven Fishes , which occurs on Christmas Eve , is a gut-busting ritual kept in many parts of Italy and the Italian-American community .
It 's important that there are seven different 'fishes ' prepared in seven different ways . Dishes are fried , cured , served in tomato sauce , etc .
Philippines
Its tropical climate makes it perfect for gathering the family outdoors to help with lechon , or whole roasted pig .
`` Preparing lechon is a bit of an event in itself - from stuffing the hog with onions , lemongrass , and garlic to preparing the fire , '' says expat Filipino and executive chef Carlo Lamagna of Portland 's Clyde Common .
Costa Rica
`` One of the most authentic Christmas traditions in Costa Rica is to prepare tamales ... every family has a secret tamale recipe , '' says Allan Duarte , banquet manager at Costa Rica Marriott San Jose .
Tamales are usually wrapped in banana leaves , and stuffed with a meat ( pork , chicken or beef ) , garlic , onion , potatoes , raisins and other ingredients .
Russia
Surely the most exotic-sounding dish on this list , Russia 's `` herring in a fur coat '' is a vibrant , layered salad that 's consumed in many Russian households for the holiday season .
`` It is a staple at all of my family holiday feasts , '' says Daniel Malak , a Russian-American working in San Francisco . `` If you 're a pescatarian , open your eyes wide and take in the glory of this pie which is layered with beets , mayo , potatoes , diced hard boiled eggs and , of course , herring . ''
Puerto Rico
`` As a native of Puerto Rico , one of my favorite meals to prepare is arroz con gandules ( rice with peas and pigeon ) , '' says Fernando Desa , executive chef of Goya Foods . `` Holidays would certainly not be the same without this classic dish . ''
The dish , which is seasoned with garlic , oregano , tomato sauce , olive oil and other ingredients , is enjoyed year-round but is required eating at Christmas .
New Orleans
New Orleans is famous for `` letting the good times roll '' well into the holiday season with its Reveillon dinners , a French family tradition that goes back to the early 19th century .
Originally eaten after midnight mass before Christmas Eve , there are a variety of dishes in any given feast , but the usual suspects are seafood gumbo , soup and game pies .
Poland
Dumplings , or pierogi - stuffed with either mashed potatoes , cottage cheese or sauerkraut -- are the traditional holiday treat of choice in Poland .
They are served with different toppings , such as melted butter , fried onion or skwarki : fried , crunchy golden pork fatback nuggets .
Dominica
The Caribbean island Dominica -- not to be confused with the Dominican Republic -- prefers to nosh on a hearty bowl of tripe soup for the holidays .
Christmas tripe soup reflects the island nation 's `` whole animal '' eating culture -- the practice of eating even those parts of an animal that might normally be discarded .
It 's not what you say , it 's how you say it .
It 's an old cliché , but it 's true . That 's why body language is such a crucial part of communicating . The way you act can warp the entire meaning of what you 're saying .
That being said , bad body language habits are the often hardest habits to break . We become so accustomed to slouching , averting our eyes , or folding our arms that we barely even notice what we 're doing .
Here are several body language mistakes that are going to be tough to ditch . Still , if you 're able to quit them , you 'll definitely thank yourself later .
Fidgeting
If you 've gotten into the habit of fidgeting , it can be difficult to snap out of it . However , it 's important to take steps to reigning in this nervous habit .
Fidgeting demonstrates nervousness and a lack of power , as body language expert and `` The Power of Body Language '' author Tonya Reiman previously told Business Insider .
Playing with your hair
Leave your hair alone . Constantly running your hands across your scalp and twirling your locks is pretty distracting . Plus , as ABC reported , it can damage your hair overtime . It can be hard to quit , so try playing around a stress ball instead of your hair .
Adopting a defensive pose
Many people naturally cross their arms or hunch over a bit just because they do n't know what to do with their hands .
However , this posture can make you look uncomfortable , defensive , or untrustworthy .
`` You should always keep your hands in view when you are talking , '' Patti Wood , a body language expert and author of `` SNAP : Making the Most of First Impressions Body Language and Charisma , '' previously told Business Insider . When a listener ca n't see your hands , they wonder what you are hiding . ''
Doing weird things with your hands
To gesture or not to gesture ? That is the question .
Some people keep too still while speaking , while others flail all over the place .
As the Washington Post previously reported , behavioral consultant Vanessa Van Edwards notes that using hand gestures while speaking is actually an effective way to engage your audience .
The trick is , avoiding the hand gestures that will trip you up . Do n't point , do n't pretend to conduct an imaginary orchestra ( seriously ) , and do n't get too choreographed .
Shuffling instead of walking
Humans are pretty judgmental creatures . We think we can tell a lot about someone based on snap judgments over something as simple as their manner of walking .
As BBC reported , how we walk can actually determine our risk of being mugged .
It can be hard to change up your walk once you 've fallen into bad habits , but it 's important to walk with confidence and coordination . Do n't shuffle through life .
Forgetting to smile
Reiman previously told Business Insider that smiling demonstrates confidence , openness , warmth , and energy .
`` It also sets off the mirror neurons in your listener , instructing them to smile back . Without the smile , an individual is often seen as grim or aloof , '' she explained .
Appearing distracted
There 's nothing more irritating than talking to someone who 's clearly not paying attention to you .
Some people are just naturally distracted or busy , so it can be tempting to check your phone or watch at every available moment . Still , you 've got to keep this impulse in check when you 're around others . Otherwise , you 'll just come across as a rude and uncaring person .
Slouching
Stand up straight . Terrible posture is easy to develop , especially if you 're slouched over a desk for the majority of the day .
Slouching does n't just make you look un-confident , writes Catherine New for Psychology Today , it 's also bad for your back . Improve your health and the image you present to the world by standing up straight .
Nonexistent or aggressive eye contact
Here 's another body language pitfall where moderation is key .
`` What Your Body Says ( And How to Master the Message ) '' author Sharon Sayler previously told Business Insider that the ideal amount of eye contact should be `` a series of long glances instead of intense stares . ''
Overly long stares can make whoever you 're talking to pretty uncomfortable . On the other hand , averting your eyes indicates disgust or a lack of confidence .
Being too still
It 's definitely good not to be jumping all over the place , constantly . However , you do n't want to be too eerily calm during conversations . This may make people feel uneasy , or that you 're not interested in what they 're saying .
Instead , try to mirror the person you 're speaking with . Do n't mimic them — they 'll probably get offended by that — but subtly copy some of their gestures and expressions .
Writing for Psychology Today , Dr. Jeff Thompson notes that mirroring will leave people perceiving you as positive and persuasive .
It can be tough to break out of your poker face , especially if you 're just naturally not that expressive — but it 's worth trying , since it can improve how you 're perceived .
Mismatching verbal and non-verbal communication
You might be saying all the right things — but if your body language does n't match up with your words , you might end up rubbing people the wrong way .
In fact , researchers at Sacred Heart University devoted an entire study to this phenomenon . Their subjects were married couples , but their finding was pretty universal — when verbal and non-verbal messages do not align , `` nonverbal signals carry the brunt of the emotional message . ''
The world is a pretty big place , so we ca n't blame you for being indecisive .
Lonely Planet , a go-to resource for travelers for over 40 years , just released its new book , `` Best in Travel 2017 . ''
In it , the guidebook gurus outline the world 's hottest trends , destinations , and experiences for next year , all based on their team of writers and experts .
Here are their picks for the top 10 cities to travel to next year .
10 . Portland , Oregon
This gem of a town is what all towns should be : friendly and sustainable , with an emphasis on living well .
9 . Moscow , Russia
Moscow 's new airport and extensive metro line expansions means that getting there and getting around has never been easier . Plus , as it 's celebrating its Revolution centennial and becoming host to the 2018 FIFA World Cup , it 's bound to pull out all the stops .
8 . Lisbon , Portugal
Portugal is the place to be right now , as it 's both cheaper and more underrated than the rest of Europe — despite being equally impressive in terms of sights , culture and cuisine than some of Europe 's more well-known destinations , like Barcelona or Rome . Lisbon is one of the best bargains around right now .
7 . Seoul , South Korea
From massive skyscrapers to tiny temples , South Korea 's business and cultural capital is the perfect mix of old and new . Next year an aging elevated highway will be transformed into the Skygarden — a beautiful , aerial park .
6 . Pistoia , Italy
Known as `` Little Florence , '' Pistoia has all of the culture but none of the crowds . In fact , the Tuscan town will become Italy 's Capital of Culture in 2017 .
5 . Ohrid , Macedonia
For a slightly more inexpensive trip to Europe , check out the beautiful , lakeside town of Ohrid . Those looking for culture can explore ancient castles and churches , while the outdoorsy can rent boats , hit the beach , or hike and bike in surrounding forests .
4 . Merida , Mexico
Forget Spring Break-y Cancun and the increasingly crowded Tulum , and visit Merida instead . The Mexican city has heaps of cultural offerings , from live music and art shows to Mayan ruins and artifacts . In fact , the city was designated the American Capital of Culture this year .
3 . Los Angeles , California
Great food , great beaches , and more museums and theaters than any other city in the US . While none of this is news , the new 2016 Metro expansion and initiatives like Car Free LA has made getting around town easier for non-driving tourists .
2 . Cape Town , South Africa
Cape Town is becoming a force to be reckoned with , becoming increasingly more global , with a burgeoning culinary scene . In 2017 it will also become home to the new Zeitz Museum of Contemporary Art , the world 's largest museum of contemporary African art .
1 . Bordeaux , France
France 's most famous wine region is getting a brand new high-speed rail next year , which will get foodies between vineyards and restaurants even faster . It 's the perfect spot for a gastronomic adventure .
Internet users are overwhelmingly supportive of the proposals by deputies at the ongoing `` two sessions '' to make some Chinese festivals and important dates public holidays .
According to China News Service , public holidays have become a hot topic during this year 's sessions of China 's top legislative body and top national advisory body . Many deputies proposed that Lantern Festival , Double Ninth Festival and the nation 's Constitution Day should be added into public holidays .
Making Lantern Festival and Double Ninth Festival public holidays could `` better develop and expand China 's culture and folklores , and enrich our spiritual civilization and human care , '' said Zhang Lihui , a national political adviser and president of the music school at Chongqing Normal University .
`` It 's also an important showcase of our economy 's development , improvement in people 's lives and involvement of all residents in the outcome of our economic development , '' Zhang added .
Another national political adviser Liu Xin , director of scientific research and development office at Sun Yat-sen University , advised to make the nation 's Constitution Day , which falls on Dec 4 every year , a public holiday .
Worldwide , more than 20 countries , including Denmark , Spain and Japan , take one day off work on their constitution days .
Such proposals drew widespread support from netizens .
A Web user , called Yin Jianguang , said that making Constitution Day a public holiday will give residents more time to know about the constitution , law , and help raise public awareness of law .
Another Web user , called Huashulin , supported taking one day off on the Double Ninth Festival , saying that it will help cultivate the atmosphere of respecting the elderly people and build a society of filial piety .
There are currently seven official public holidays in China , with 11 off days in total . These public holidays are New Year 's Day , Spring Festival , Tomb-Sweeping Day , Labor Day , Dragon Boast Festival , Mid-Autumn Day and National Day .
Airlines , trading floors and technology companies are braced for chaos today as world timekeepers prepare to add a leap second to global clocks .
Immediately before midnight , dials will read 11:59:60 as clocks hold their breath for a second to allow the Earth 's rotation to catch up with atomic time .
When the last leap second was added in 2012 , Mozilla , Reddit , Foursquare , Yelp , LinkedIn , and StumbleUpon all reported crashes and there were problems with the Linux operating system and programs written in Java . In Australia , more than 400 flights were grounded as the Qantas check-in system crashed .
Experts at Britain 's National Physical Laboratory ( NPL ) who will officially add the second to UK time , warned that markets which are already jittery from Greece could suffer transaction delays if their software was not prepared .
`` There are consequences of tinkering with time , '' said Peter Whibberley , Senior Research Scientist in the Time and Frequency group at NPL , who is known to colleagues as `` The Time Lord . ''
`` Because leap seconds are only introduced sporadically , it is difficult to implement them in computers and mistakes can cause systems to fail temporarily .
`` Getting leap seconds wrong can cause loss of synchronization in communication networks , financial systems and many other applications which rely on precise timing . Whenever a leap second occurs , some computer systems encounter problems due to glitches in the code written to handle them . The consequences are particularly severe in the Asia-Pacific region , where leap seconds occur during normal working hours . ''
European markets including London are largely closed when the event is scheduled to occur , but the change will hit trading floors in the US , Japan , Australia , South Korea and Singapore .
To make matters more complicated , stock exchanges are approaching the leap second differently , with Asian markets planning to trade as normal , while US exchanges are expected to stop activity early .
Dr Leon Lobo , Strategic Business Development Manager at NPL added : '' Anyone who conducts transactions with those markets when the change occurs could have a synchronization issue if they are not ready . ''
Many computing systems use the Network Time Protocol , or NTP , to keep themselves in sync with the world ’ s atomic clocks . But most are not programmed to deal with an unexpected extra second .
Google has even developed a special technique to deal with what it refers to as a `` leap smear '' and has been gradually adding milliseconds to its system clocks prior to the official arrival of the leap second . BT 's speaking clock will add a second 's pause before its third pip .
Atomic time is constant , but the Earth ’ s rotation is gradually slowing down by around two thousandths of a second per day .
Leap seconds are therefore essential to ensuring civil time does not drift away from time based on the Earth 's spin . If not corrected , such a drift would eventually result in clocks showing the middle of the day occurring at night .
A number of companies around the world are meeting a growing demand for structures that protect from any risk , whether it 's a global pandemic , an asteroid , or World War III -- while also delivering luxurious amenities .
Many of the world 's elite , including hedge fund managers , sports stars and tech executives ( Bill Gates is rumored to have bunkers at all his properties ) have chosen to design their own secret shelters to house their families and staff .
Gary Lynch , general manager of Texas-based Rising S Company , says 2016 sales for their custom high-end underground bunkers grew 700 % compared to 2015 , while overall sales have grown 300 % since the November US presidential election alone .
The company 's plate steel bunkers , which are designed to last for generations , can hold a minimum of one year 's worth of food per resident and withstand earthquakes .
But while some want to bunker down alone , others prefer to ride out the apocalypse in a community setting that offers an experience a bit closer to the real world .
Developers of community shelters like these often acquire decommissioned military bunkers and missile silos built by the United States or Soviet governments -- sites that would cost hundreds of millions of dollars to build today .
The fortified structures are designed to withstand a nuclear strike and come equipped with power systems , water purification systems , blast valves , and Nuclear-Biological-Chemical ( NBC ) air filtration .
Most include food supplies for a year or more , and many have hydroponic gardens to supplement the rations . The developers also work to create well-rounded communities with a range of skills necessary for long-term survival , from doctors to teachers .
Vivos received a flurry of interest in its shelters around the 2016 election from both liberals and conservatives , and completely sold out of spaces in its community shelters in the past few weeks , says Robert Vicino , a real estate entrepreneur and CEO of Vivos , a company he founded that builds and manages high-end shelters around the world .
One of those shelters , Vivos xPoint , is near the Black Hills of South Dakota , and consists of 575 military bunkers that served as an Army Munitions Depot until 1967 .
Presently being converted into a facility that will accommodate about 5,000 people , the interiors of each bunker are outfitted by the owners at a cost of between $ 25,000 to $ 200,000 each . The price depends on whether they want a minimalist space or a home with high-end finishes .
The compound itself will be equipped with all the comforts of a small town , including a community theater , classrooms , hydroponic gardens , a medical clinic , a spa and a gym .
For clients looking for something further afield and more luxurious , the company also offers Vivos Europa One , billed as a `` modern day Noah 's Ark '' in a former Cold War-era munitions storage facility in Germany .
The structure , which was carved out of solid bedrock , offers 34 private residences , each starting at 2,500 square feet , with the option to add a second story for a total of 5,000 square feet .
The units will be delivered empty and each owner will have the space renovated to suit their own tastes and needs , choosing from options that include screening rooms , private pools and gyms .
Did you know electricity can alter the way we taste food ? Proving this fact is a revolutionary electric fork designed by Japanese researchers that can make any dish taste salty , thus acting as a substitute for the popular seasoning .
According to Hiromi Nakamura , a Post Doc Research Fellow at Tokyo ’ s Meiji University , the technology can be very useful for people on special diets . Patients with low blood pressure , for instance , can easily go on a low-salt diet and still enjoy delicious food . And with the fork , there ’ s absolutely no risk of over-salting your food . Luckily , the voltage is so small that there is no risk of electrocution either .
The idea of adding electricity to food was first revealed as an experiment at the Computer Human Interaction Conference in Austin , Texas , in 2012 . Nakamura and her team connected a wire to a 9-volt battery and threaded it through a straw placed in a cup of sweet lemonade . Volunteers ( who were asked to sign a waiver ) reported that the charged lemonade tasted ‘ blander ’ , because the electricity simulated the taste of salt .
Nakamura , along with professor Homei Miyashita , now call the idea ‘ Augmented Gustation ’ and have refined the technology to be able to transfer an electric charge to food through forks and chopsticks . “ The metallic part of the fork is one electrode , and the handle is another , ” Nakamura explained . “ When you take a piece of food with the fork and put it in your mouth , you close the circuit . When you remove the fork from your mouth , you disconnect the circuit . So it actually works as a switch . ”
Munchies host Simon Klose , who recently visited Nakamura to try out the fork himself , called this form of ‘ food hacking ’ one of the most profound eating experiences he ’ s ever had . “ When I first heard of electric food it sounded scary , ” he said , in a 15-minute documentary clip about the special technology . He later proceeded to use a charged fork to eat pieces of fried chicken , and found that the saltiness considerably increased as the electricity was dialed up .
“ It ’ s so salty ! ” he says , after taking a bite . “ This is cool . It ’ s almost sparking . It has a spicy fizziness . Like sparkling , carbonated chicken . ”
Nakamura has been eating ‘ electric ’ food for the past three to four years , in an attempt to understand it better . “ For me , food hacking is about augmenting or diminishing real food , ” she said . “ It may seem like we ’ re cooking but we ’ re actually working on the human senses . We are inventing devices to add electricity to the tongue . We ’ re trying to create virtual taste . ”
Japanese gymnast Kohei Uchimura apparently ran up a ridiculously expensive Pokémon Go bill after heading to Rio on July 20 . However , what is really interesting is that you can ’ t play Pokémon Go in Rio .
Aside from athletes being robbed , subpar accommodations , feces in the water , and the Russian doping scandals , one of the big stories of the 2016 Rio Olympics is that you can ’ t catch any Pokémon in Brazil .
British Olympian Joe Clarke posted a photo showing the lack of Pokémon in the area to his Twitter account :
So when you hear Uchimura ran up a 500,000 yen , or $ 5,000 , phone bill while playing Pokémon Go , the first question you probably have is : how ?
Well , apparently Uchimura didn ’ t get the memo that there are no Pokémon to be caught in Rio , which means the gymnast must ’ ve been walking around building up crazy roaming charges , all while never catching anything .
Luckily for Uchimura , he was spared from having to pay the entire bill after pleading with the phone company . Instead , the company agreed to charge him a flat rate of around $ 30 per day and waive the extra cost , according to USA Today .
“ I really lucked out , ” Uchimura told Kyodo News , a Tokyo based news company .
For all the other Olympians going to Rio , let Uchimura serve as a lesson . Keep the Pokémon Go app closed while you ’ re in Brazil . There is nothing to catch .
Japanese anime film Your Name has already been a huge success in its own country . And now it has become the country 's most successful film yet at the Chinese box office .
Despite the lack of big-name Hollywood stars or expensive stunts , it has taken nearly $ 78m since its debut in early December .
So why is it doing so well ? The BBC 's Ashleigh Nghiem takes a look .
It 's appealing to Chinese looking for escapism
Written and directed by 43-year-old Makoto Shinkai , Your Name is a love story about two teenagers who swap bodies .
The dreamy drama about missed connections involving young star-crossed lovers has captured the imagination of Chinese audiences .
For evidence , look no further than the reviews on the Chinese film rating site , maoyan.com - where reviews have averaged 9.3 out of 10 .
`` The film was beautiful beyond words and every shot was like a painting , '' one cinema goer Taylor wrote .
But it is perhaps the element of fantasy that appeals to young Chinese looking for a little escapism .
`` Watching this film made me miss the springtime of my youth and that really touched me , '' said one fan .
Timing is everything
Film experts believe Your Name has struck a chord with young Chinese at just the right time .
`` It 's a love story targeted at the demographic with the most amount of disposable income , the so-called 'Post 90s ' generation which has been driving the box office boom , '' said Jonathan Papish , film industry analyst for China Film Insider .
`` It also fits well with the ACGN ( Anime , Comic , Game , Novel ) youth subculture that is growing in popularity in China , '' MrPapish added .
With 200 million young consumers , the youth entertainment market is expanding fast . According to the Chinese investment bank CITIC securities , the market is set to double to 500bn yuan within a few years .
Chinese consumers are looking for an international flavour in their fashion , travel choices and purchasing habits , he says , so why should the film market be any different ?
Is it a one-off ?
With box office ticket sales of nearly $ 78m , the 2D animation replaces Stand By Me Doreamon as the top grossing Japanese film of all time in China .
And that could just be the tip of the iceberg for anime creators .
Foreign sales of Japanese animation surged almost 80 % last year to nearly $ 300m , according to the Association of Japanese Animations , though it could not say how much of that bump came from China .
One thing that 's certain though : success is not guaranteed .
`` Japanese anime is well known and popular in China , however not all films achieve box office success , '' said RancePow , Chief Executive of the Asian film consultancy , Artisan Gateway .
Nine of the 11 Japanese movies released in China this year were animated films but only three of them took in more than $ 20m in ticket sales .
Mr Pow believes well-known Japanese franchises that have an established fan base should fare well in China , particularly with millennials who grew up with many of the characters .
But takings for Japanese films still lag far behind most Hollywood blockbusters in China .
Furious 7 raked in more than $ 350m , Transformers : Age of Extinction pulled in $ 286m and Zootopia took $ 221m in ticket sales .
So are foreign markets now anime 's goal ?
Your Name 's success has not been limited to China . It recently won the 2016 Los Angeles Film Critics Association award for the best animated film and is being considered for an Oscar nomination .
But Your Name producers told the BBC that the Japanese market remained its primary focus .
`` Usually in Japan , business can be completed domestically , so there was no thinking that you have to go overseas from the business point of view , '' said Genki Kawamura from the Japanese film distribution company Toho .
`` But dubbing helped us to overcome language barriers and with animation we can express the big world without a big set or the location , to reach a wider audience abroad . ''
Success overseas looks set to be an increasingly important source of revenue for Japan 's anime industry .
While anime resonates with Japan 's young people , its appeal could diminish over time as its target audience at home gets older .
`` In 2025 , more than a quarter of our population will be over 65 years old and our birth rate is lower than Germany and all OECD nations , '' said Sejiro Takeshita , Professor of Management and Information at the University of Shizuoka .
`` If you combine those together and you 're a Japanese company , you better start thinking about expanding overseas to create new demand . ''
With its giant Starbucks , Cheesecake Factory and Wolfgang Puck restaurant , you might for a minute mistake the new Shanghai Disney Resort for Anaheim or Orlando , Fla .
But little differences gradually come to light : Squat toilets ? Check . “ The Lion King ” in Mandarin ? Check . Eel over rice and Peking duck pizza for lunch ? Check and check .
So just how Chinese is Shanghai Disney ?
Chinese mainland has long been seen as a different market – less Westernized , and perhaps more sensitive to matters of cultural imperialism . Even in recent years , Chinese authorities have stressed the need to protect “ traditional Chinese culture ” amid the rising popularity of Western movies , TV shows , music and clothing .
As the world ’ s most populous nation , with a burgeoning middle class whose numbers may soon rival that of the entire US population , it ’ s no wonder that Disney has been handling the issue with the utmost delicacy since reaching a deal for the park in 2009 .
Addressing the media Wednesday morning at Shanghai Disney , Iger called his company “ invited guests ” in China .
“ We didn ’ t just build Disneyland in China ; we built China ’ s Disneyland , ” Iger said . “ We want the people who visit here to feel welcome and comfortable . To have a sense that this is their park , imagined , designed and created just for them , from the ground up . ”
There are further nods to Chinese culture . In front of the Enchanted Storybook Castle , for example , is a walkway that Disney calls the Garden of the 12 Friends , with a dozen mosaics featuring characters like Hamm the pig from “ Toy Story ” and Tigger from “ Winnie the Pooh ” representing the 12 Chinese zodiac animals .
“ There ’ s more of a Chinese feel to it than to Hong Kong Disney , that ’ s for sure , ” said Stefan Zwanzger , a German theme park expert who runs the website thethemeparkguy.com . “ But again , it 's a Disney park with Chinese elements here and there . ”
“ The castle is not Chinese ; Pirates of the Caribbean is not Chinese . The park is not 50 % Chinese and 50 % American style , it ’ s 80 % Disney and 20 % Chinese , or maybe even 90 % to 10 % , and that 's just fine , ” Zwanzger added . “ Chinese visitors will like it , and so will international travelers . ”
The name of each attraction is translated into Chinese , and narration is in Mandarin . And the food is strongly Chinese ; resort managers say 70 % of the fare on offer is Chinese , with another 20 % categorized as Asian . That means it ’ s easier to find Kung Pao chicken for lunch than , say , a hot dog .
`` The situation in Syria is terrible - so terrible that I think it stops kids from dreaming . But it 's their dreams that one day will make Syria good again , '' says Obada Kassoumah .
`` I wish I could just give them a little bit of hope and make them believe that yes , they can have dreams . ''
Obada is a Syrian student in Tokyo who , by a mixture of chance and determination , has become the translator of Japanese manga comics into Arabic .
And by another twist of fate , many of these Arab editions of football saga Captain Tsubasa have been donated to aid agencies and are being handed out to Syrian refugee children across Europe and the Middle East .
For Obada , the project started as an unexpected translation job but has become something very personal and important .
A narrow escape
As a student of Japanese at university in the Syrian capital , Damascus , Obada received a scholarship to go to Japan for an exchange programme . That was in 2012 , and the unrest in the country had already started .
The situation got worse and worse and often he would be stopped by the police in the street suspecting that as a young man he might be a rebel fighter .
When the situation got too dangerous , his parents decided to send him to live with his aunt in Jordan until he could leave for Tokyo .
It was almost already too late - it was only through personal connections that he managed to cross the border .
When his scholarship ended a year later , he was able to stay in Japan by enrolling as a regular student , and picked up a part-time job translating Captain Tsubasa .
`` I myself watched Captain Tsubasa as a kid on TV and I loved it , '' says 26-year old Obada .
`` It 's a story about a kid having a dream to become a professional football player and working hard to make that dream come true . ''
`` And that 's something beautiful , that 's something you should make these kids see . ''
Initially , adapting the books for the Arab market was a mere business decision by a Japanese publisher .
But they were then approached by Prof Masanori Naito , a Middle East specialist at Doshisha University in Kyoto .
Prof Naito had spent several years in Damascus as a doctoral student in the 1980s and was looking for ways to help people affected by the conflict .
He suggested the publisher could donate some of the manga books to refugee kids .
`` The tragedy of Syria , '' he says , `` is a very serious concern to me . Back then I worked in villages that are now held by the rebel forces . ''
The original copyright holders in Japan , Shueisha publishers , were immediately ready to fund the donations , he said .
Through co-operation with a number of international NGOs and Unicef , the books are now being distributed to young Syrian children in camps across Europe , Turkey and the Middle East who have escaped the terror and trauma of the civil war ravaging their home country .
`` It is very far from the reality they know , '' Prof Naito explains . `` But for kids it is very important to be able to escape from reality for a while . And these books can also give them some hope for their own future . ''
Manga he says , could even be `` a tool of soft power against despair and radicalisation '' .
A surprise from Japan
One of the places where Captain Tsubasa now provides a small escape from reality is a refugee home in Berlin where just last week , the copies were handed out by German-Turkish NGO Wefa to around 60 refugees .
`` It was really something quite unique and we got a completely different reaction from normal , '' Ismet Misirlioglu of Wefa told the BBC from Berlin .
`` What the children usually get are of course clothes and food and so they were really surprised when we suddenly had Japanese manga books - in their own language , '' he says , laughing .
`` And you really could tell that from their eyes ! ''
Wefa in Berlin is planning to give out more of the books in the coming weeks .
A duty to help
Back in Tokyo , Obada Kassoumah is still at work putting ever more adventures of Captain Tsubada into Arabic . He is currently translating volume seven out of 37 .
For him , going back to Syria is not an option .
Instead , he will stay in Japan for now and finish his degree - he knows Syria will need his skills in the future and he hopes he can have a bigger impact if he works building links between the two countries .
`` I have friends who are fighting with the government and other friends who are fighting with the rebels , '' he says with a heavy voice .
`` We are all one family - and now they wish death to each other , trying to kill each other . ''
But he hopes his translations will put a smile on the face of a Syrian child somewhere , trying to forget the terror of the past .
`` As a Syrian it 's like my duty to help - and through this thing I can help .
`` This way the children can - at least for a bit - forget all the bad memories they have from the war . ''
Swimmers are tidy and make the best lovers while cyclists vote Liberal Democrat : What your favourite sport says about you ?
Unless your name is Rebecca Adlington , Victoria Pendleton or Mo Farah , sport is probably nothing more than an enjoyable hobby .
Now a new study has revealed that your choice of sport says more about you than you could possibly have imagined .
According researchers , cyclists are more likely to be emotionally stable , runners the most extrovert and swimmers the happiest , while walkers are the least materialistic .
The psychological study , which was carried out by experts Mindlab , also revealed that sport can also offer clues to a person 's attitude to charity , reading habits and even their voting intentions .
Cyclists , for instance , are most likely to vote Liberal Democrat and tend to be laid back and calm , if keen on acquiring material possessions .
Meanwhile runners tend to be Labour-voting extroverts who love being the centre of attention and have a penchant for upbeat dance music .
Egypt 's new capital city moved a step closer to reality with the announcement that Chinese developers will largely fund the megaproject .
The China Fortune Land Development Company ( CFLD ) agreed to provide $ 20 billion for the currently unnamed city , after a meeting between heads of the firm and Egyptian President Abdel Fattah El Sisi .
This follows a previous commitment of $ 15 billion from another Chinese state-owned company , bringing the project close to its $ 45 billion budget requirements for phase I .
Plans for the new capital were first announced in March 2015 . Government officials described the development as a solution to crowding , pollution and rising house prices in Cairo .
`` Cairo Capital is a momentous endeavor to build national spirit , foster consensus , provide for long-term sustainable growth , '' said the project website . `` ( The ) new city will create more places to live , work and visit . ''
Under construction
The 700 square kilometer city to be constructed in the desert to the East of Cairo would become the new seat of government , and it is presented as a far grander vision than the current capital .
Proposals for the city include housing for five million people , over 1,000 mosques , smart villages , industrial zones , a 5,000-seat conference center , and the world 's largest park .
Interest in the project has been brisk . An Indian company is reportedly planning a vast medical center and university , while a Saudi firm intends to build a 12.6 hectare mosque and Islamic museum .
Construction is already under way . According to Egypt 's Al-Ahram newspaper , engineers have begun work on infrastructure including bridges and 210 kilometers of roads .
The first phase of the project will see government ministries and residential blocks rise from the sand . This phase could be complete within five years , with the first residents moving in .
Ghost town ?
Despite the optimism from officials , there are concerns that the project will encounter familiar problems . Egypt has already constructed several satellite towns around Cairo , which have registered low occupancy despite high investment .
`` The needs of Cairo should be met by the existing eight new towns around it , '' says David Sims , an urban planner and author based in the Cairo . `` But people call them ghost towns . ''
The satellites repeated the same mistakes , says Sims , which are also likely to affect the new capital .
`` The new towns produced housing that is unaffordable , unobtainable and inaccessible for the majority of Cairo 's inhabitants , '' says Sims . `` The new towns were built with a high modernist approach that did not allow the informal enterprises and activities that most Egyptians rely on . ''
Learning lessons
Egypt has a fundamentally misguided approach to development planning , according to architect and planner Kareem Ibrahim of the NGO Tadamun .
`` We have a chronic problem with the urban government of existing cities , and no matter how many cities you build you are not solving this problem , '' he says .
Ibrahim 's research found that around 50 % of Cairo neighborhoods lacked access to sewage services , while public services were failing , and municipal councils were operating with as little as $ 4 per capita per year .
`` The levels of deprivation were shocking , '' says Ibrahim . `` The investment should be going towards providing equal rights to public services and utilities . Let 's think about how to develop better governing structure for the cities we have , and then build new cities . ''
The main meal of every dastarkhan and one of the most delicious for Kazakh people was Kazakh style cooked meat . Boiled meat was served in large uncut pieces . The host was cutting the meat himself and treat every guest : pelvic bones and shank for honorable old people , brisket for son-in-law or daughter-in-law , neck-bone for girls and so on .
The delicious aromatic meat was eaten with thin boiled pieces of pastry . Excellent addition to this dish was rich flavored meat bouillon - sorpa . Kumiss and tea were the last dishes of the meal .
Today Kazakh meal is something different from the old one but still it is imbued with ancient laws of hospitability . On the contrary the hospitability is larger than ever for now because not only Kazakhs but people of various nations ( Kazakhstan is a multinational country ) have a meal around the dastarkhan : Russians , Ukrainians , Uzbeks , Germans , Koreans and more . All these nations made their contribution on Kazakhs cookery .
The assortment of food groceries was changed slightly . During its long history Kazakhstan people gathered a huge experience in cooking dishes from meat and milk . And modern times filled it with a large range of vegetables , fruit , fish , sea stuff , baked , flour dishes and confectionery .
But still the most popular Kazakhstan national foodstuff is meat . From olden times Kazakh cookery was special due to its original technology . The traditional national Kazakhstan cookery is based on boiling . Exactly boiling helps to cook meat with a lot of delicate tastes , gives it softness and aroma .
Kazakh people placed high emphasis on long-term storage of foodstuff . A huge part of meat was prepared for future use being salted , dried . Delicatessen was cooked mainly from horse meat - kazi , shuzhuk , zhal , zhaya , karta and others .
Milk and milk products were widely spread . The preference was for the sour milk products because it was easier to save during nomadic life . Bread was usually made like cookies . The most popular baked dish is baursaki .
The ancient plates and dishes were made from leather , wood , ceramics . Every family had cast-iron cauldron ( kazan ) for cooking . The tea was boiled in cast-iron jugs , later in samovars .
Beshbarmak : The national dish of Kazakhstan means ‘ five fingers ’ referring to the fact that it is eaten by hand . It consists of boiled meat ( traditionally horse but nowadays often lamb ) and large noodles that look like sheets of lasagne in an onion gravy/broth .
Kazy : a traditional sausage made of fattened horsemeat , the fat is very rich and nourishing . The thick coils of black meat look rather unappetizing in the meat chiller cabinets in the supermarket . Kazy is a popular part of any celebratory meal .
Manti and Pelmeni : Manti are large steamed dumplings filled with ground meat ( usually lamb ) served with sour cream . Pelmeni are similar but smaller and sometimes filled with vegetables . Both are very popular with children . They are available in most Kazakh restaurants and are a good bet for a quick , nourishing snack .
Lagman : a tasty traditional Uyghur dish of thick noodles served with beef broth , beef and tomatoes , this is popular in local cafes and fast food restaurants .
Shashlik : kebabs cooked over a charcoal fire shashlik is traditionally made from lamb or beef but can also be made from chicken or fish ( sturgeon is particularly delicious ) and served with flatbread . The meat for a good shashlik is marinated overnight and quite distinctively spiced ( the spices work well with roast chicken ) . Shashlik is a common , indeed necessary , part of any picnic barbeque .
HBO has a big plan in place for throwing off would-be leakers intent on revealing the anticipated ending of `` Game of Thrones . '' As the series heads into production for its eighth and final season , HBO programming president Casey Bloys has now said they plan on filming more than one ending .
`` I know 'Game of Thrones , ' the ending , they 're going to shoot multiple versions so that nobody really know what happens . You have to do that on a long show . Because when you 're shooting something , people know . So they 're going to shoot multiple versions so that there 's no real definitive answer until the end . ''
Nearly all of the major plot points of season seven were posted online for fans to see . Naturally some were concerned that a similar volume of leaks are inevitable for the final installment of `` Game of Thrones . ''
Bloys sounds confident that the multiple fake-outs will throw people off the trail , but it 's still very likely that leaks will seep through the cracks . Just for season seven , two full episodes made their way online ahead of the scheduled air dates — one was posted early accidentally by HBO Spain , and another stolen from HBO 's India distributor . And that 's not even counting the multiple production leaks and on-set videos and photos that were coming out .
Other series ' have employed similar tactics when it comes to major moments . AMC 's `` The Walking Dead '' filmed several fake death scenes when a major character 's fate was left in the balance between seasons .
Prank video destroying new Apple smartphone receives 10m views , with some seemingly tricked into making 3.5mm hole in the bottom of their devices .
A video claiming that users can add a headphone socket to the iPhone 7 , which only has a Lightning port , by drilling into the bottom of their phone has been watched almost 10m times .
The prank video shows a man drilling a 3.5mm hole into the bottom left edge of the iPhone 7 held in a vice . It points to the row of small holes on the left side that replaced the headphone socket present on the iPhone 6S and claims that drilling into the second hole on the left reveals a hidden socket .
Once the hole has been drilled the video shows an iPhone 7 playing music , although the sound comes out of the speakers , not the white headphones now inserted in the DIY hole .
‘ This video is for those who don ’ t want to get $ 159 wireless AirPods or have to insert your headphones into an adapter every time you listen to music ’ says the caption of the video .
The video was produced by Sacramento , California-based Ukrainian YouTuber Taras Maksimuk who “ specialises in smashing technology for your pleasure ” according to his profile . Some of Maksimuk ’ s other videos include “ what happens if you microwave an iPhone 7 ” and “ can the iPhone 7 survive in liquid nitrogen for five minutes ” .
In total Maksimuk has seven separate videos showing him destroying iPhone 7s , but that seemingly hasn ’ t stopped people drilling holes into the bottom of their new iPhones and causing irreparable damage .
The YouTube video ’ s comment section – normally a place filled with vitriol and despair for humanity – was full of people claiming to have performed the operation and destroying their iPhone 7 in the process , the sincerity of which is questionable .
Some Dude said : “ WTF ? ? ? Fuck you ! My screen turned black the moment I started drilling and now I can ’ t even open it . ”
“ TECHRAX YOU PIECE OF SHIT I DID THIS AND THE SOUND DOESN NOT WORK AT ALL , ” said Artur .
Lukelaluke123 said : “ ARE YOU KIDDING ME ? I WAITD TILL MY DAD WAS SLEEP THEN I WENT TO THE GARAGE AND GOT HIS DIRLL AND DID THIS AND NOW MY IPHONE WONT NOT EVEN WORK ! ! ! ! ! ”
The video received over 134,000 likes , but just under 88,000 dislikes . It ’ s unclear how many of the dislikes were from people who had been tricked into drilling a hole into their £600-plus smartphone .
Not only will drilling a hole into the bottom of the iPhone 7 not reveal a hidden headphone socket , but it will also ruin the waterproofing of the smartphone , which requires the membranes covering the holes in the bottom of the phone to be undamaged .
Maksimuk ’ s video is the latest in a long run of pranks targeting gullible iPhone buyers . Pranksters managed to convince some users that the iOS 7 update magically made their iPhones waterproof in 2013 , while some iPhone 6 users were tricked into microwaving their smartphones while seeking longer battery life . Both pranks only led to destroyed smartphones .
NEW technology has been unveiled in South Korea that lets you immortalise your deceased loved ones via your smartphone .
The ‘ With Me ’ app allows users to “ overcome their wounded heart ” to take selfies and ‘ chat ’ with dead friends or family members using avatars .
The app , designed by ELROIS , combines 3D technology and artificial intelligence to recreate images and personalities of those who have passed on .
Its creators hope the unusual technology will help those grieving to cope better .
But the app is designed to begin working while the subject is still alive .
According to the firm , a 3D scan of the person would need to be taken , using a special booth , which uses between 72 and 112 cameras to create the avatar .
Once complete , a reshaping and auto-rigging technical process begins for the avatar to ‘ come to life ’ using animation .
Users are then able to snap selfies with the digital creation , and even hold conversations with it , all thanks to artificial intelligence .
According to an ELROIS spokesperson , the technology can also “ track users ’ face and body positions ” .
This would allow the avatar to interact with the user in a lifelike manner and respond to changes in their appearance or mannerism .
The spokesperson added : “ People do everything to remember some precious person to them , or will do anything to move on .
“ 3D photo-realistic avatar is based on the actual person and it has some interaction with the users , so we think the avatars can be the new way to overcome their wounded-heart with a good function of new technology . ”
The app can also be used to bridge gaps with the living , by enabling users to take pictures with relatives or friends who may be abroad , and can also let you take a snap with a favourite celebrity .
The company said : “ We are working on the development for making Avatar Cloud Service in the web and mobile to upload their avatars and buy celebrities avatar , clothes and other stuff related with avatars ( We call it as 'VAW ' or 'vivid avatar world ) .
“ Now it is still in the process and we have to contact with celebrities ' agent sooner to get their avatars . ”
The VAW ( Avatar Cloud Service ) service is expected to launch at the end of this year .
Melania Trump used to be quite a prolific tweeter .
However , since her husband got in the Oval Office her account has become quite quiet , she 's seemingly transfered most of her activity to @ FLOTUS .
That all changed Wednesday night when she appeared to like a tweet that was throwing a parasol of shade at her husband .
The tweet , from writer Andy Ostroy , shows a GIF of Melania losing her smile at the Trump inauguration and reads :
Seems the only # Wall @ realDonaldTrump 's built is the one between him and @ FLOTUS # Melania # trump
Other than one of her own tweets which reads `` hello twitter , '' it 's the only tweet she 's ever liked .
She , or quite possibly a staffer , has since unliked the tweet - but many users captured screenshots that are being widely shared .
Was she trolling her husband ? Is it a cry for help ? A finger slip ? Was she hacked ?
We 'll probably never know , but for now enjoy Twitter 's reaction .
Within about four hours , the Ramen Nagi restaurant had sold out of the 100 bowls of “ insect tsukemen ” noodles it had prepared for Sunday ’ s single-day event .
The noodles were topped with about a dozen small crickets and mealworms , which customers then dipped into soups flavored with crickets , grasshoppers or silkworm powder .
“ It ’ s deep-fried , so it ’ s really crispy , and it doesn ’ t have a bad taste , ” said 22-year-old student Anri Nakatani . “ It ’ s almost like a deep-fried shrimp . ”
The event was organized by the restaurant owner , and Yuta Shinohara , a 22-year-old who has set up insect-eating events in Tokyo , including a Valentine ’ s Day celebration that served chocolates , cakes and cocktails featuring insects .
Shinohara , who started eating bugs as a child , wants to promote the alternative food culture in Japan and around the world , through ramen , a popular Japanese food .
“ Through ramen , I ’ d like to spread how fun and delicious it is to eat insects , ” he said .
The full course , costing ¥3,000 , consisted of insect ramen , a bowl of rice with crickets , spring rolls with fried worms , and ice cream flavored with insect powder . The ramen alone cost ¥1,500 .
Insects are eaten in many countries , such as China , Ghana , Mexico and Thailand . Australia ’ s indigenous groups have eaten insects for protein for generations . Bugs are even part of traditional Japanese cuisine in rural areas , but few city dwellers have had the opportunity to try them .
California tourist Steve Lee enjoyed the dish , but said it would take time to catch on in the United States .
When George Washington University announced last week that it was laying off nearly 50 employees to reduce costs , the university ’ s president , Steven Knapp , blamed a decline in enrollment in graduate and professional programs .
Graduate degrees and professional certificates have been the fastest-growing segment of higher education in recent years , and the thinking has always been that when the economy improves , fewer people go back to school for such credentials because they can more easily get jobs instead .
But GW and thousands of other college and universities are mistaken if they think that any downward trend in graduate enrollment is a temporary blip caused by an improving economy . Rather , what is happening now is a permanent shift in how today ’ s working adults acquire education throughout their lifetimes .
Until now , if you needed additional training to get ahead in your job or switch careers , you had little choice but to enroll in a graduate or certificate program at a local college or online . These programs largely replicated undergraduate programs at colleges in that they required students to start at a specific time and dedicate months or even years to a series of courses . Most of all , the programs were expensive , and came with little , if any , financial aid from the colleges , which saw them as cash cows .
We hear a lot these days about the “ student-debt crisis , ” but some of the biggest increases in student debt have come at the graduate level , not among undergraduates . A Brookings Institution report released last June found that the average debt levels of borrowers with a graduate degree have more than quadrupled since 1999 , from about $ 10,000 to more than $ 40,000 ( by comparison , those with a bachelor ’ s degree increased from $ 6,000 to $ 16,000 ) .
The graduate and professional education market is ripe for disruption , yet much of the discussion on the changes coming to higher education have focused on undergraduate programs , like the kind Sweet Briar College operates . Persuading 18-year-olds and their parents to think of alternatives to a bachelor ’ s degree is a tough sell in a culture that celebrates the coming-of-age experience of going off to college . It ’ s much easier to offer a different pathway at the graduate level , when students already have a bachelor ’ s degree and they ’ re often paying the tuition bill themselves .
New players in the market that aren ’ t traditional colleges — the Khan Academy , General Assembly , Skillshare , Lynda.com , Coursera , and Dev Bootcamp — are starting to attract students who normally would have pursued a graduate degree or certificate . Sure , these so-called “ boot camps ” don ’ t have the household brand names of legacy players , but they are largely succeeding where traditional colleges haven ’ t even tried to compete : with “ just-in-time education . ”
Think of just-in-time education as when you watch a video on YouTube to figure out how to change a flat tire or fix a broken appliance .
These emerging providers know that today ’ s economy demands education throughout our careers rather than just at the beginning , so they offer short spurts of content ( from a few hours to a few weeks ) when students need it instead of giving them a full helping of a degree .
So far , their model is proving popular . The Khan Academy serves 10 million people a month with 5,000 videos . General Assembly has nearly two dozen locations around the world and more than 12,000 alumni who have taken its full- and part-time courses , most of whom are in their 20s and 30s and already have a bachelor ’ s degree .
And then there is Lynda​.com , which reaches more than 4 million people a year with its how-to tutorials online in everything from management skills to programming . Last week , just as GW was announcing its cutbacks , LinkedIn announced that it was buying Lynda​.com .
The purchase price : $ 1.5 billion . That ’ s almost double George Washington University ’ s annual budget and perhaps the only sign you need to see the kinds of changes coming in graduate-level education .
There ’ s a fight in Congress over a new rule that would save Americans an estimated $ 17 billion a year .
The fiduciary rule would require brokers to act in the best interest of clients who are saving for retirement . Brokers would no longer be allowed to push their clients into high-fee funds just because the fund paid them .
The Obama administration thinks that Americans could save more for retirement if their brokers were n't allowed to rip them off . The Financial Services Roundtable , a lobbying organization representing banks that oppose the rule , disagrees . It argues that we can fix the problem of Americans not saving enough money if Americans start saving more money -- 10 percent of their income , to be specific .
That 's an objective , not a policy . But never fear , the FSR has a plan to promote savings : Giving away free pizza to 100 people in Washington , D.C . The group handed out the free pies at an event last week promoting an initiative called `` save-a-slice . '' You 're supposed to `` save a slice '' of your income for retirement . Get it ?
Or maybe you 'd like enter a contest and win $ 10,000 from the FSR by submitting a video explaining how you plan to save 10 percent of your income .
`` Do n't want to spend your retirement eating cat food on toast , win $ 10,000 , '' for creating a video about it , a promo for the contest intones .
FSR does have some good ideas -- making retirement plans at companies that offer them automatically enroll employees , for example -- but its big idea is unrealistic . Middle-class incomes have fallen over thelast 15 years , so it 's unlikely that regular people have more money to save . The American savings rate , ﻿currently just above 5 percent , hasn ’ t been at or above 10 percent for any sustained period in the last 35 years .
And telling Americans to save more for retirement while trying to stop a rule that would keep Americans saving for retirement from getting swindled by high-fee funds they don ’ t need is exactly the sort of conflicted advice that costs investors billions .
In this day and age , if you want a holiday romance the airport 's selection of steamy fiction is n't your only option .
Dating app Tinder , which preaches a swipe right approach to finding love at the touch of a screen , has been calculating the best cities to cosy up with a local .
In a list of 15 , the start-up found that London is the top spot for a vacation fling beating the city of love Paris , which came in at second , and New York which scored third place .
Using a feature called Passport , which subscribers pay for , the phone application allows tourists to meet and match with users in other cities .
This function makes setting up dates with residents before you reach your next vacation a lot easier .
This mode , which launched last year , allows eager travellers to 'pin drop ' their location at anywhere in the world .
Once you 've dropped your pin your feed will be automatically filled with locals from that area .
By measuring the top destinations for the Passport feature to be used around the world , Tinder calculated the list .
The other popular cities for Passport users on Tinder include Berlin , Moscow , Stockholm , Rio de Janeiro , Sydney , Barcelona , Buenos Aires , Melbourne L.A. , Auckland and Dublin .
Though they say all roads lead to Rome , the Italian city came in 15th , which was last place .
While the passport service could be used to initiate dates in advance , it is also being used as a travel guide with Tinder swipers taking advantage of the chance to pick up tips from the residents and to find out about local neighbourhoods .
Certain destinations have seen spikes in activity . For instance , as the Olympics near , Rio de Janeiro has seen an increase in traffic by 10 percent .
Areas with smaller permanent populations also see their users rise during holiday season , like Toronto , which has increased 44 percent and Bali , which has grown by 60 percent .
The Passport service is an additional paid-for add-on and is used by more than 1million Tinder Plus subscribers .
`` Game of Thrones '' showrunners D.B . Weiss and David Benioff have said that they envision their HBO series ending after seven seasons . However , HBO has an appetite for even more Westeros .
Entertainment Weekly got the scoop from HBO programming president Michael Lombardo , who said the network would love to see the hit show extend beyond seven seasons . But Weiss and Benioff do n't necessarily agree , saying their main focus is on giving the series a proper , satisfying ending , regardless of how many seasons that requires . “ We want to go out on our absolute highest note , ” Weiss said . Benioff added , “ We know basically how many hours are left in this story . We don ’ t want to add 10 hours to that . It ’ s about finding that sweet spot so it works for us and for HBO and , most of all , it works for the audience . ”
And what about a `` Game of Thrones '' movie ? Speculation first began last year when George R.R . Martin mentioned a feature film could possibly end the series . HBO is n't big on the idea though , since they want to stay loyal to their subscribers instead of keeping the ending exclusive to movie theaters .
So far , `` Game of Thrones '' has only officially been renewed for a Season 6 and negotiations have been made with the top cast for a potential Season 7 -- which may hint at a possible spoiler . We do know the upcoming fifth season will deviate from the books , hence our speculation about where Sansa 's storyline is headed and news that an unexpected character will die this year . Regardless , the future of the Seven Kingdoms is in your hands , Weiss and Benioff .
British police released dramatic video footage Tuesday appearing to show a jogger pushing a woman into the path of an oncoming London bus .
The footage of the incident , which took place on the morning of Friday May 5 , shows the 33-year-old victim walking across Putney Bridge in southwest London when a male jogger appears to knock her into the road , forcing a bus to swerve to avoid her .
Police said the victim received minor injuries and that passengers on the bus came to her aid .
A senior source from the bus company Go Ahead London said : `` The driver was doing 12mph which is why it is not as serious as it could have been . ''
Officers from the Metropolitan Police also claimed the jogger ran the other way across the bridge around 15 minutes later and the victim attempted to speak to him , but 'he did not acknowledge her ' .
`` By this time the members of the public who had helped the woman were gone and she tried to talk to him as he ran past her but he just ignored her , '' said the investigating officer Sergeant Mat Knowles .
`` The victim was put in extreme danger when she was knocked into the road . It was only due to the superb quick reactions of the bus driver that she was not hit by the vehicle , '' Knowles added .
`` We are keen to speak to the jogger in the CCTV about what happened that morning . We would urge him or anyone who recognizes him to get in touch with us as soon as possible . ''
The jogger is described as a white man , aged early to mid 30s , with brown eyes and short brown hair . He was wearing a light grey t-shirt and dark blue shorts .
Officers have urged anyone who witnessed the incident or recognizes the man from the CCTV footage , to come forward .
“ You must marry ! ”
It ’ s a phrase many single Chinese are steeling themselves to hear from well-meaning but busybody relatives during the Lunar New Year holiday , which begins on Feb. 7 .
So great is the social pressure to marry that the phrase “ bihun ! ” or “ must marry , ” is a meme here , a joke , even . Not marrying and producing offspring is considered unfilial and Chinese society traditionally views the unmarried as less than full adults . That places unbearable pressure on people who have been unlucky in love and especially on young women , for whom the pressure to marry may begin as young as 20 , the legal marrying age for women .
Reflecting all that , “ bihun ” has given rise to a thriving matchmaking industry for singletons who may prefer to rent a partner for the holiday to deceive their relatives rather than face the badgering . It even provided the theme for a popular 24-part television series , “ Renting a Girlfriend to Go Home for New Year . ”
This year , a group of like-minded friends decided to push back and paid for an ad extolling singlehood to go up on Thursday at the busy Dongzhimen subway station in Beijing , where it can be seen by millions over the month it will be there .
Only one , though . At 38,000 renminbi , for a 3-by-4.5-foot ad , the group of about 10 , who include students , artists and civil society workers who met via social media , can not afford more , said Coby , 27 , a nongovernmental worker who , fearing the impact on her private life if her Chinese name were published , asked to be identified only by her English name .
“ We ’ re just a few friends who got together before Spring Festival , ” as Lunar New Year is also called , “ and just thought , the pressure is too much . It ’ s at its worst at this time . It ’ s so big ! ” Coby said in a telephone interview . “ So we thought we ’ d put up an ad in the subway where a lot of people would see it . ”
The company and the officials rejected an initial design that showed a defiant young woman with her hands crossed above her head in a “ no ! ” gesture , the sun shining fiercely behind her , the characters for “ bihun ” crossed out on her T-shirt .
No reason was given , said Xiong Jing , another member of the group .
“ So we chose a gentler design , ” Coby said .
Here ’ s the final product :
It reads :
“ Dear Daddy , Mommy , don ’ t worry .
The world is so big .
There are so many different ways for people to live .
Singletons can also be very happy . ”
And this is followed by a hotline for singles .
The global burden of cancer is shifting dramatically . Once considered a disease of the wealthy , it now has a significant impact in every region , and the greatest proportional increases in cases in the coming years are predicted to be in the poorest corners of the world . Worldwide , an estimated 14.1 million new cancer cases were diagnosed in 2012 and 8.2 million cancer deaths .
In an analysis that maps the world 's hot spots for cancer , epidemiologist Lindsey Torre found a tremendous heterogeneity in which forms of the disease are most commonly diagnosed in different countries .
Among the most significant trends they identified is a growing inequality between high-income countries and lower-income countries in cancer diagnoses — with cancer rates declining in high-income countries but rising in lower-income countries .
The difference is especially striking in lung , colorectal and breast cancer . Better screening , early detection and access to treatment plus a decrease in risk factors like smoking probably explain part of the positive trend among the high-income countries .
As for the rising cancer rates in lower-income countries , `` it 's related to the adoption of a Western lifestyle , '' Torre explained in an interview . `` People are less active , '' she said . `` There is less manual labor and more use of transport . They have access to perhaps more appealing but less healthy foods . ''
Developing countries also bear a disproportionate burden of infection-related cancers related to the stomach bug helicobacter pylori , hepatitis and human papillomavirus ( HPV ) ‎ .
Addressing this inequality is critical , the researchers wrote in the journal Cancer Epidemiology , Biomarkers & amp ; Prevention , because `` a large proportion of cancers can be prevented through measures including tobacco control , vaccination , early detection , and promotion of healthy lifestyles . ''
`` In addition , the burden of suffering can be reduced through appropriate treatment and palliative care . To apply these cancer control measures equitably around the world , a concerted effort will be required not only from individual country governments but also from international agencies , donors , civil society , '' they said .
Torre and her colleagues at the American Cancer Society analyzed incidence and mortality data for 2003-2007 from the International Agency for Research on Cancer databases and mortality data from the World Health Organization through 2012 . They selected 50 countries selected to represent various regions of the world and focused on eight major cancers .
Among males , prostate cancer is the most commonly diagnosed cancer in most countries , with the exception of those in Eastern Europe where lung cancer is the No . 1 cancer . Among females , breast cancer is the most common among those in North America , Europe and Oceania . There 's more diversity in Asia , where lung cancer ranks first in China and North Korea , liver in Laos and Mongolia and thyroid in South Korea .
Under the gilt and candelabra of Lancaster House where Margaret Thatcher extolled the virtues of joining the single market , Theresa May has just uttered some of the most important words she will ever deliver .
1 . Certainty
We will provide certainty wherever we can……I recognize how important it is to provide business , the public sector , and everybody with as much certainty as possible as we move through the process . I can confirm today that the Government will put the final deal that is agreed between the UK and the E.U . to a vote in both Houses of Parliament , before it comes into force .
2 . Control of our own laws
Leaving the European Union will mean that our laws will be made in Westminster , Edinburgh , Cardiff and Belfast . And those laws will be interpreted by judges not in Luxembourg but in courts across this country . Because we will not have truly left the European Union if we are not in control of our own laws .
3 . Strengthen the Union
A stronger Britain demands that we do something else — strengthen the precious union between the 4 nations of the United Kingdom . We won ’ t agree on everything , but I look forward to working with the administrations in Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland to deliver a Brexit that works for the whole of the United Kingdom .
4 . Maintain the Common Travel Area with Ireland
We can not forget that , as we leave , the United Kingdom will share a land border with the E.U. , and maintaining that Common Travel Area with the Republic of Ireland will be an important priority for the UK in the talks ahead .
5 . Control of immigration
We will continue to attract the brightest and the best to work or study in Britain — indeed openness to international talent must remain one of this country ’ s most distinctive assets — but that process must be managed properly so that our immigration system serves the national interest . So we will get control of the number of people coming to Britain from the E.U .
6 . Rights for E.U . nationals in Britain , and British nationals in the E.U .
We want to guarantee the rights of E.U . citizens who are already living in Britain , and the rights of British nationals in other member states , as early as we can . I want everyone to know that it remains an important priority for Britain — and for many other member states — to resolve this challenge as soon as possible .
7 . Protect workers ’ rights
Indeed , under my leadership , not only will the government protect the rights of workers set out in European legislation , we will build on them . Because under this government , we will make sure legal protection for workers keeps pace with the changing labor market — and that the voices of workers are heard by the boards of publicly-listed companies for the first time .
8 . Free trade with European markets
We will pursue a bold and ambitious Free Trade Agreement with the European Union . We do not seek membership of the Single Market . And because we will no longer be members of the Single Market , we will not be required to contribute huge sums to the E.U . budget .
9 . New trade agreements with other countries
A Global Britain must be free to strike trade agreements with countries from outside the European Union too . We want to get out into the wider world , to trade and do business all around the globe .
10 . The best place for science and innovation
A Global Britain must also be a country that looks to the future . That means being one of the best places in the world for science and innovation . One of our great strengths as a nation is the breadth and depth of our academic and scientific communities , backed up by some of the world ’ s best universities .
11 . Cooperation in the fight against crime and terrorism
A Global Britain will continue to cooperate with its European partners in important areas such as crime , terrorism and foreign affairs .
12 . A smooth , orderly Brexit
We believe a phased process of implementation , in which both Britain and the E.U . institutions and member states prepare for the new arrangements that will exist between us will be in our mutual self-interest .
The pound saw its best day 's gain in more than eight years against the dollar on Tuesday , helped by rising inflation and the Prime Minister Theresa May 's major speech on Brexit .
After Mrs May 's speech , Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron said : `` Ripping us out of the single market was not something proposed to the British people . This is a theft of democracy . ''
UKIP leader Paul Nuttall said he feared a `` slow-motion Brexit '' , adding : `` We want this done quickly . ''
A hard Brexit could be a catastrophic failure for the United Kingdom , the direction for the United Kingdom leaving the European Union set out by the UK prime minister is not in Scotland ’ s national interests , Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said Tuesday .
She hinted at a second independence referendum , saying Scotland - which voted against Brexit - should have `` the ability to choose between that and a different future '' .
Reacting to the Brexit speech , Sinn Féin John O'Dowd said : `` Exiting the single European market , exiting the customs union , creates a hard border on the island of Ireland . Warm words , soft words from Theresa May mean nothing . ''
Donald Tusk , the president of the European council , summed up the bloc ’ s official reaction in a tweet : “ Sad process , surrealistic times , but at least more realistic announcement on Brexit . EU27 united and ready to negotiate after article 50 . ”
European leaders and industry chiefs welcomed the clarity brought by Theresa May ’ s Brexit speech , but said the course she had chosen would hurt Britain more than the remaining EU member states .
Volker Treier , of the German chamber of industry and commerce , made it clear that Britain ’ s departure from the single market and customs union would do substantial damage to business ties between the UK and Germany .
A particular liking for bitter-tasting foods and drinks such as coffee and tonic water could mean you have psychopathic tendencies .
Psychologists have found that those with a preference for bitter tastes were more likely to exhibit signs of Machiavellianism , sadism , and narcissism .
That is , they were more prone to being duplicitous and self-serving , cold-hearted and lacking in empathy , vain and selfish , and more likely to derive pleasure from other people 's pain .
The findings of the study provide the 'first empirical evidence that bitter taste preferences are linked to malevolent personality traits , ' said the researchers from Innsbruck University in Austria , who studied 1,000 people in two separate experiments .
'The results suggest that how much people like bitter-tasting foods and drinks is stably tied to how dark their personality is . '
Bitter foods include unsweetened cocoa , black coffee , radishes and the quinine in tonic water .
For the first experiment , 500 men and women were shown a long list of foods with equal numbers of sweet , salty , sour and bitter foods . These included chocolate cake , bacon , vinegar and radishes .
They were asked to rate how much they liked each of them on a six-point scale ranging from dislike strongly to like strongly .
The participants , who had an average age of 35 , then completed four separate personality questionnaires .
The first measured their levels of aggression by asking them to rate how much statements such as 'Given enough provocation , I may hit someone ' sounded like them .
For the second , participants were asked to rate how strongly they agreed or disagreed with statements designed to assess the personality traits of Machiavellianism , psychopathy and narcissism .
Example questions in each of these sections included 'I tend to manipulate others to get my way ' , 'I tend to be callous or insensitive ' and 'I tend to want others to pay attention to me ' , respectively .
Next , the participants answered questions relating to the 'Big 5 ' personality dimensions of extraversion , agreeableness , conscientiousness and emotional stability .
And lastly they completed the Comprehensive Assessment of Sadistic Tendencies , which assesses a person 's tendency towards 'everyday sadism ' .
This involved rating on a scale how much they agreed or disagreed with statements such as 'When making fun of someone , it is especially amusing if they realise what I 'm doing ' , and 'I enjoy tormenting people ' .
'General bitter taste preferences emerged as a robust predictor for Machiavellianism , psychopathy , narcissism and everyday sadism , ' the researchers wrote in the journal Appetite .
Agreeableness – the extent to which a person is kind , sympathetic and cooperative– was negatively correlated with bitter taste preferences , they added .
Josh Sundquist was diagnosed with cancer when he was nine years old , and was told he had a 50 % chance of surviving . He lost his left leg , despite chemotherapy , but by thirteen he was cancer-free , and by sixteen , he was ski-racing . Now , Sundquist is a motivational speaker that 's become famous on social media for his clever , amputation-incorporating Halloween costumes .
`` I 've always dealt with the social discomfort of my disability by having a sense of humor , '' Sundquist explains . `` But now I 'm more comfortable with who I am and what I look like , and I guess with these Halloween costumes you could even say that I celebrate what makes me different . Which may be either weird or refreshing , depending on your perspective . '' He explains the inspiration for his costumes below :
2010 : `` From Shrek . Not the gumdrop buttons ! ''
2012 : `` My wife Ashley suggested this idea , a reference to the movie A Christmas Story . ''
2013 : `` I was just at the zoo one time and I noticed that flamingos look like me doing a crutch handstand . So yeah . ''
2014 : `` A YouTube subscriber suggested it to me at VidCon . I thought it was appropriate since last year I was also named to the US Amputee World Cup Team . ''
2015 : `` It 's a classic amputee joke . This year I decided to anthropomorphize it . ''
`` If my career as a motivational speaker does n't work out , I could probably get a job at IHOP . ''
2016 : `` Want to see my newest Halloween costume ? Be our guest . ''
Though the announcement political terms 'Brexit ' and 'Trumpism ' had been named by Collins English Dictionary as the words of the year may have been entirely expected , it was more surprising to see the term 'hygge ' crop up on the list .
For those not familiar , 'hygge ' refers to the Danish lifestyle craze that 's seen something of an international hysteria of late ; a concept roughly described as a feeling of comfort and contentment , as well as indulging in all the good things and people in your life .
It 's one often connected to the idea that the Danes are the happiest people in the world , and that it 's 'hygge ' that provides the secret to their success .
The craze has focused largely on the idea of making the ordinary special , or meaningful , through ritualising everyday activities such as making a cup of coffee or having dinner ; that means putting technology to one side , and embracing simple practices such as lighting candles , purchasing flowers , or brewing real tea in china cups .
Of course , Denmark 's use of 'hygge ' is particularly useful in combating the country 's harsh winters ; with up to 17 hours of darkness a day potentially having deeply adverse effects on the mental health of its citizens .
Susanne Nilsson , a Danish lecturer at London 's Morley College , explained to the BBC ; `` We have long , cold winters in Denmark . That influences things . Hygge does n't have to be a winter-only thing , but the weather is n't that good for much of the year . ''
`` Hygge could be families and friends getting together for a meal , with the lighting dimmed , or it could be time spent on your own reading a good book , '' she adds .
`` It works best when there 's not too large an empty space around the person or people . ''
The word hygge did n't actually originate from the Danish language , but from Norwegian ; where the word originally meant something similar to , `` well-being '' .
However , it spread to Denmark in the 18th century and has since become an integral part of the country 's culture and self-identity .
Hygge 's international export has seen an explosion of themed cookbooks and lifestyle guides , alongside Scandinavian-themed restaurants , cafes and bars in the UK which boast intimate settings , simple decor , and plenty of comfort food .
Thanks to the unstoppable power of Marvel ’ s Cinematic Universe , Star Wars , the DC Extended Universe , the X-Men Universe , MonstersVerse , Harry Potter/Fantastic Beasts , and Transformers-Verse , every Hollywood studio is clamouring for a hit franchise .
Highlighting their lack of pure imagination is the new Willy Wonka film , reports indicating Warner Bros. are discussing potential for multiple sequels .
Of course , studio bosses are seeking a charismatic actor to lead the series Robert Downey Jr. style , multiple publications stating that Ryan Gosling is being considered for the role .
Having recently won an Oscar for La La Land and with Blade Runner 2049 on the horizon , Gosling has become a hugely sought-after actor . With proven singing and dancing abilities , on paper he ’ s an ideal choice for the role .
Wonka has previously appeared on the big screen twice , most recently in Tim Burton ’ s 2005 adaptation of the story with Johnny Depp in the role . Famously , Gene Wilder also played the character in the 1971 musical Willy Wonka & amp ; the Chocolate Factory .
The upcoming adaptation — based on Roald Dahl ’ s famous character — will be a prequel to Charlie and the Chocolate Factory , a ‘ standalone movie focused on Wonka and his early adventures ’ . Charlie Bucket will likely not feature , but would likely appear in future sequels .
David Heyman , who famously secured Warner Bros. the rights to the Harry Potter series in 1999 , will produce the series . A director has yet-to-be announced , the studio having not commented on the Gosling reports .
You might not realise it , but sending even a short email has an impact on the environment .
Scientists estimate that an email adds about four grams ( 0.14 ounces ) of carbon dioxide equivalent into the atmosphere .
That means that hitting 'send ' on 65 mails is equal to driving an average-sized car a 0.6 miles ( 1km ) .
This is according to a McAfee study the 'Carbon Footprint of Spam ' , which also found each time you copy someone else , another six grams of CO2 is added .
A carbon footprint is the total amount of greenhouse gases produced to directly and indirectly support human activities , usually expressed in equivalent tons of carbon dioxide .
The average person sends and receives 125 emails every day .
When sending emails , greenhouse gases are produced in running the computer , server and routers , and when when the equipment was manufactured .
Receiving a spam message , even if you do not open it , has an environmental impact of 0.3 gCO2 .
The global carbon footprint from spam annually is equivalent to the greenhouse gases pumped out by 3.1 million passenger cars using two billion gallons of gasoline in a year .
Sending emails is just one activity on a long list of seemingly harmless everyday actions contribute to emissions of CO2 .
For example , typing in a non-essential Google inquiry on an energy-efficient laptop leaves a footprint of 0.2 gCO2e . On an old desktop computer , it is 4.5 gCO2e .
Sending a text message is n't a less harmful method of communication either , as it comes at a cost of about 0.014 gCO2e .
A trip to the grocery store also leaves behind a large print as well .
Plastic grocery bags each have a carbon footprint of 10 gCO2e , but the paper ones are even worse at 40 gCO2e each .
Store-bought bottled water has nearly 1,150 times the emissions attached to it than a glass poured from the tap .
A one-pint size bottle is responsible for 160 gCO2e compared to 0.14 gCO2e for tap water .
A large cappuccino comes with a footprint of 235 gCO2e , partly because of the emissions from raising the cow which produced the milk .
For a cup of home-made black tea or coffee for which just enough water was boiled , the figure is 21 gCO2e .
With the holiday season here , gift giving can contribute greatly to the release of CO2 .
Splurging on $ 100 of clothes each month will set you back 0.5 metric tons of carbon dioxide per year .
Throw in a $ 1,000 furniture purchase once a year and you 're up to almost a ton .
And of course , the bigger the TV , the bigger the cost in greenhouse-gas emissions .
Watching two hours of tube on a 24-inch plasma screen pumps out 440 gCO2e , which is about the same as driving a car for 1.6 km .
The footprint is 68 gCO2e and 176 gCO2e respectively for two hours watched on a 15- or a 32-inch LCD screen .
A mile of cycling fueled by a meal of bananas would be responsible for 65 gCO2e , compared to 260 gCO2e for a mile powered by cheeseburgers .
Clear jeans , jeans that expose your bum , the world ’ s bluest jeans - strange innovations in the world of denim just keep coming .
And the latest trend ? Jeans which turn into shorts .
We ’ ve all been there - it ’ s a chilly morning so you pop on a pair of jeans . But then , that afternoon , the heat comes out of nowhere . You ’ re suddenly sweltering and all you wish is that your blasted jeans could transform into shorts .
Well dream no more .
Detachable jeans that turn into shorts are now a thing - but they ’ ll set you back £346 .
Created by Opening Ceremony and the Y/Project , the jeans can be unbuttoned to become super-short shorts - so short they ’ ll reveal your under-butt - in an instant .
They ’ re practically hot-pants .
The jeans come in two shades - acid-wash and black - and are described as “ a straight-leg silhouette with slim-fitting , detachable shorts that feature high-rise cutouts along the front . ”
Unsurprisingly , not everyone is a fan of the jeans though :
What the hell is this monstrosity ? ! !
When you see an outfit and think 'that looks like it could give you thrush ... '
What ’ s more , in all the images of the jeans , the model is standing - how would they look and feel if you sat down ?
These are on fleek . Especially when you take the legs off and you have denim adult nappies .
I 'm here for these jeans .
Whether the trend will catch on remains to be seen .
A feel-good Bollywood musical comedy , Mubarakan flaunts its delightfully ridiculous premise with pride : twin brothers Karan and Charan Singh ( both played by Arjun Kapoor ) are in love with each other 's betrothed . Call it a love square instead of a love triangle ? The film addresses serious issues with a light touch , including the survival of Indian identity outside of India , the way people in India view ex-pats – Karan was raised in London while Charan grew up in Punjab – and the problems arranged marriages can present . A true product of Bollywood , this Hindi-language comedy is an epic 156 minutes long and features music by South Asian superstars Amaal Mallik , Gourov Roshin and Rishi Rich . Released in the US , UK , India and Australia on 28 July .
Olympics officials in Rio have apologized after discovering they were raising an incorrect Chinese national flag during medal ceremonies .
Both Chinese flags are red and feature a large yellow star flanked by four smaller stars . But there are subtle differences in how the smaller stars are aligned .
On the correct Chinese flag the four smaller stars should be rotated so that they point toward the center of the larger star . Instead , the flags used in Rio were positioned parallel to each other .
Rio officials are n't alone in their China flag flub . On Saturday , Australia 's Channel 7 network used the Chilean national flag instead of the Chinese flag .
The Rio 2016 Olympic Games Local Organising Committee ( LOC ) has admitted its unforgivable mistake and tendered a sincere apology after a wrong national anthem was played for Nigeria when the Dream Team VI played against Japan on Thursday .
The Eagles looked confused when the strange tune came up over the Amazon Arena ’ s public address system in Manaus , as a few players tried to find out what was going on .
The opening ceremony for the Sochi Games in Russia suffered an embarrassing technical malfunction inside the Fisht arena . The iconic Olympic Rings display failed to illuminate properly -- with only four of them lighting up .
As the spectacle was originally conceived , five glowing snowflakes emerged from a wintry scene ; as they floated on top of the arena , each snowflake , one-by-one , transformed into the rings formation . Alas , for the ceremony on Friday , Feb. 7 , only four of the five snowflakes successfully transformed .
The opening ceremony of the Winter Olympics in Vancouver did not turn out as organisers in Vancouver would have liked . At the climax of the three-hour show , with five torch-bearing Canadian sports heroes in the spotlight , a technical error ruined the symmetry .
One of four pillars designed to rise from the stadium floor and form the Olympic cauldron malfunctioned , leaving the speedskater Catriona LeMay Doan unable to join in the lighting . The wheelchair athlete Rick Hansen , the legendary ice-hockey player Wayne Gretzky , the skier Nancy Greene and the NBA star Steve Nash proceeded as planned , but LeMay Doan could only salute the crowd with her torch .
The traditional release of live doves at the Olympic opening ceremony was abandoned after Seoul 1988 , when around 10 chose not to swoop majestically across the sky but instead to settle on the rim of the Olympic cauldron just as it was being lit and were instantly burned to death .
They eventually returned to start the match over an hour later , as London Games organizers were forced to issue a hasty apology .
Los Angeles 1984 marked the return of China to the Olympics after the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) restored the Chinese Olympic Committee as a full member . In total , China finished fourth in the rankings with 15 gold , 8 silver and 9 bronze medals .
The first gold medal to be awarded at the Los Angeles Olympics was also the first-ever medal to be won by an athlete from China when Xu Haifeng won the 50m Pistol event . IOC President Juan Antonio Samaranch gave him the medal personally .
Chinese Meng Guanliang and Yang Wenjun , hot favorites in men 's C2 500m race , won the final in one minute 40.278 seconds at Athens Olympic regatta , the first gold for China 's canoeing sport in the Olympic history .
`` It 's not a coincidence after years ' hard training . Our efforts are not in vain . And we finally realized our dream , '' Meng said .
`` We were slow at the start but we ignored the disadvantage and just concentrated on the finish line . I could not believe that we won the first place and I had thought that we came third or fourth . ''
Along with Dibaba and Tulu , Xing was among the leading pack throughout the race , but she broke away from the group entering the last straight and crossed the line first .
Afterwards however , Dibaba was convinced she had won gold , thinking that Xing was a lapped runner and refused to accept for several minutes that she had come second .
`` I did n't see where the Chinese girl came from , '' she explained , adding that she thought she could have overtaken Xing had she known .
The Ethiopians said they had been looking out for the other Chinese runner , world bronze medallist Sun Yingjie , and had not paid attention to Xing .
Just seven weeks before the opening ceremony of the Olympics , the governor of Rio de Janeiro has declared a `` state of calamity . ''
Interim Governor Francisco Dornelles says the `` serious economic crisis '' threatens to stop the state from honouring commitments for the Games .
Most public funding for the Olympics has come from Rio 's city government , but the state is responsible for areas such as transport and policing .
Interim President Michel Temer has promised significant financial help .
The governor has blamed the crisis on a tax shortfall , especially from the oil industry , while Brazil overall has faced a deep recession .
The measure could accelerate the release of federal emergency funds .
Rio state employees and pensioners are owed wages in arrears . Hospitals and police stations have been severely affected .
In a decree , Mr Dornelles said the state faced `` public calamity '' that could lead to a `` total collapse '' in public services , such as security , health and education .
The state has projected a budget deficit of $ 5.5bn ( £3.9bn ) for this year .
Rio 's mayor Eduardo Paes said on Twitter the state 's decision `` in no way delays the delivery of Olympic projects and the promises assumed by the city of Rio '' .
There are also concerns over an outbreak of the Zika virus , which has been linked to birth defects , and the impact it could have on the city 's tourism .
Rio expects about 500,000 foreign visitors during the Olympics .
If you get a hunch when your husband tells you he 's off to play golf and you 're suspicious he may be playing away , you could well be onto something .
A new piece of research reveals that telling your wife that you 're going for a few rounds of golf with your friends is the most popular excuse adulterers use when sneaking out to meet another woman .
The study found that 34 percent of unfaithful men said that they told their wife they were going to play 18 holes as a cover for their affair .
Other popular excuses include 'business meetings / working late ' , 'going to the pub with mates ' , 'going to the gym ' and 'shopping for groceries ' .
It 's a result that may surprise many , but expert Christian Grant explains why it should n't .
'Saying that you 're going for a round of golf ticks all the boxes , ' he said . 'Firstly , it covers you for several hours , especially if you 're playing 18 holes and not 9 .
'It 's also something you can do fairly consistently without raising too much suspicion .
'For example , your wife would eventually begin to question you if you kept citing business meetings as your excuse - how many business meetings can someone realistically have , and after work no less ? '
He continued : 'Thirdly , with golf a popular hobby among men , it 's much more likely that your wife will respect your space , especially if it 's your sole hobby – they 're far less likely to question their husband playing a sport than , say , going to the pub .
'And , finally , it 's also relatively weather-proof , as driving ranges still operate even when the weather is a little sour . '
A member from Illicitencouters.com , who commissioned the research , added : 'It does n't require much effort , really . But if you do want to go the extra mile , you can dish out on some relatively low-cost golf clubs , and maybe some gloves too , and that adds enough believability to your story that you 've nothing to worry about .
'I do n't really know anything about golf , but neither does my wife , so if she ever asks me how it went , I can usually improvise my way through it by using some basic golf terminology ; `` it was good , but the bogey on hole 15 cost me the victory , '' – that usually does the trick . '
TOP EXCUSES
Playing golf
Business meetings / working late
Going to the pub
Going to the gym
Shopping for groceries
Most conferences tend to be boring , although not intentionally so . But there is one event that is deliberately dedicated to all things dull and tedious – the 'Boring Conference ' hosted every year at London . Believe it or not , it 's a sell-out event where attendees are treated to talks on all sorts of boring things like paper bags , toilet roll quality control , lamp posts , and bricks .
How did such a thing as a Boring Conference come to exist , you ask ? Well , it all started in 2010 , when the man in charge of organizing an event called the Interesting Conference canceled the whole thing , saying that he was too busy . James Ward , an English book author and marketer , replied to the announcement , saying that he liked boring things and that they should be celebrated too . His social media post got a lot of people interested in a possible event about boring things and he started getting questions about where to buy tickets for it . That year , Ward organized the world 's first Boring Conference .
This year 's Boring Conference , held at London 's Conway Hall on 7 May , was the sixth consecutive event in the last six years and all 425 tickets were sold out in just a few days . Ward always opens up the event himself , because he likes to `` set the bar low '' . If people start with poor expectations , then the show can only improve , he says . Last year , he spoke about postcard photos of the old Post Office Tower .
According to the event 's website , `` The Boring Conference is a one-day celebration of the mundane , the ordinary , the obvious and the overlooked ; subjects often considered trivial and pointless , but when examined more closely reveal themselves to be deeply fascinating . ''
Past topics of discussion at the Boring Conference have included – sneezing , IBM tills , toast , vending machine sounds , barcodes , the Shipping Forecast and other such topics of no interest to anyone . This year 's event had 20 speakers cover similar snoozeworthy subjects – such as the domestic inkjet printers of 1999 , German film titles , cooking elaborate meals with hotel room equipment , and the similarities between the world ’ s national anthems – in 10-minute slots .
If you 're wondering about the purpose of such a pointless conference , Ward says that it 's meant to be `` a one-day celebration of the mundane , the ordinary , the obvious and the overlooked . '' He adds that the topics covered may be considered `` trivial and pointless , but when you look at them more closely , they reveal themselves to be actually deeply fascinating . '' So it 's actually only the topics that are boring – the speakers are expected to find a way to make their talks interesting .
`` The basic idea is that the theme needs to be boring , but the content should n't be , '' explained Ward , who works in marketing and has also written a book called Adventures in Stationery : A Journey Through Your Pencil Case . `` There has to be something in the topic that a speaker with a real enthusiasm for it can bring out and make interesting . In fact most things , if you look at them in enough detail , can become fascinating . There 's almost always something there . ''
So in the past , a talk about electric hand dryers has been made interesting with a story about `` a man so fascinated by them that he had installed a Dyson Airblade in his house . '' And a speaker scheduled to talk about the relative weights and densities of different kinds of metals enthralled the audience by rollerblading around the hall the entire time . It 's no wonder that the Boring Conference is sold out every year , then !
I ’ ve often wondered how exactly sleep , or lack of it , can have such a devastating effect on our bodies and , guess what , how much we sleep switches good genes on and bad genes off .
In early 2013 , the Sleep Research Centre at the University of Surrey found a direct link between hours spent sleeping and genes .
Every cell in our bodies carries genetic instructions in our DNA that act as a kind of operating manual . However , each cell only ‘ reads ’ the portion of this manual it needs at any given moment .
Can sleep affect how a gene reads instructions ? It ’ s a question asked by Professor Derk-Jan Dijk at the University of Surrey .
He set up an experiment and asked his volunteers to spend a week sleeping around seven and a half hours to eight hours a night and the next sleeping six and a half to seven hours .
Several hundred genes changed in the amount they were being used , including some that are linked to heart disease , cancer , and Type 2 diabetes .
Genes to do with cell repair and replenishment were used much less .
Sleep restriction ( six and a half to seven hours a night ) changed 380 genes .
Of these , 220 genes were down regulated by sleep restriction ( their power was reduced ) , while 160 were up regulated ( their power was increased ) .
Those affected included body-clock genes which are linked to diabetes .
One of the most downgraded genes is that which has a role in controlling insulin and is linked to diabetes and insomnia . The most upgraded gene is linked to heart disease .
So changing sleep by tiny amounts can upgrade or downgrade genes that can influence our health and the diseases we become prey to when we sleep too little .
The important message is that getting close to eight hours of sleep a night can make a dramatic difference to our health in just a few days through the way it looks after our genes .
So resist staying up late to listen to another podcast , read one more chapter , have one more drink or do a little bit more work , mistakenly thinking it won ’ t make much difference . It will .
A Finnish city is handing out `` survival packs '' to new students , taking inspiration from the country 's famous baby starter boxes .
The city of Lahti has packaged up a selection of essentials for new arrivals to its universities and colleges , helped by contributions from local businesses , national broadcaster Yle reports . More than 1,000 students have received one of the kits so far . And just like the parcels given to expectant mothers across the country , Lahti 's offering comes in a modest cardboard box .
Among the items new students will find inside is a bus pass for trips around the city , some locally produced sheets and socks , and a pack of porridge , Yle says . Students can also tuck into the popular Nordic snack salmiakki - a sour , salty liquorice . The survival pack is meant to introduce students to the delights of Lahti while also serving as a marketing opportunity for businesses in the city .
`` There has been some swapping going on , '' says Mari Rosberg from Lahti University of Applied Sciences , adding that someone was willing to swap their porridge for some ice hockey tickets . Ms Rosberg adds that other cities have also been in touch to enquire about the kits .
While Yle reports that students have been giving the box `` rave reviews '' , local newspaper Etela-Suomen Sanomat has a few ideas for some useful additions . After 900 reports of bicycle thefts in Lahti last year , the paper thinks a bike lock would be pretty handy . And given many students ' fondness for a drink , they suggest a bottle of fizzy orange pop is included as a guaranteed hangover cure .
You 've researched the company , updated your CV and passed the job interview with flying colours .
But experts say you should n't rush into accepting a job offer until you 've asked your potential employer ten vital questions .
From enquiring about recent team promotions to questioning what they dislike about the company , recruiters say posing these questions can help ensure you get the money , respect and happiness that you deserve .
1 . Is the salary negotiable ?
'This is a question on every candidate ’ s lips , ' said Lee Biggins , founder and managing director of CV-Library .
'If you don ’ t try , you don ’ t get . Be prepared to back your case though as every employer is out to cut costs where possible – even if you ’ re the best person for the job . '
A spokesperson for Glassdoor agrees , adding : 'Remember an offer is an offer and very few employers expect you to take the first one out of the gate . '
'So , come to the table expecting to negotiate . Don ’ t just ask for more , but do so intelligently , with real numbers to support your argument . Use your research to put together a case for more base salary or a signing bonus because if you don ’ t ask , you most definitely won ’ t get it .
'And , as I know from being an employee and a hiring manager , it is always easier negotiate as you are going into a new job . '
2 . Aside from salary , what other workplace perks do you offer your staff ?
While some companies can ’ t offer the highest wages , they are able make up for it in other areas . Ask this question to find out how else they reward staff , whether it 's flexible working , free lunches , and so on .
Negotiation expert Jonathan O'Brien believes that you should ask about training courses and business qualifications . 'It shows your employer you want to better yourself and increase your skill set , and indicates that you have a long-term interest in the company . '
'It ’ s crucial that you ask about training before you accept the job , ' said Steve Jeffers , HR director at Meridian Business Support . 'Let ’ s face it , you won ’ t want to go in a role and stay there indefinitely – you ’ re likely to want a promotion at some point . By asking at the interview stages you can understand how you will progress through the company from the offset . '
3 . What are the career development opportunities ?
It ’ s a staple question , but very important . If you ’ re an individual that is driven by your ability to move up the ladder , this will help you understand the routes available and the potential timeframes .
4 . Can you provide me with an example of a team member who recently got promoted ?
This is another good way to find out what success and growth looks like in the company and helps you to know whether people are getting promoted and for what reasons .
5 . If I asked your employees to describe the company , what would they say ?
Asking this question really puts the employer on the spot , but helps you to understand the company culture and how you could potentially fit .
6 . What do you dislike the most about working at the company ?
Forcing your potential employer to be honest and open up to you can give you great insights into how happy you ’ ll be as one of their colleagues .
7 . How was your weekend ?
'Yes , really , ' said negotiation expert , Jonathan O'Brien . 'Warm and genuine small talk means that you will get to know each other , build rapport and it will make it seem less likely that you are negotiating hard for the best possible package . '
8 . What does success look like to you in this role ?
Finding out what their ideal candidate looks like can help you to decide if you really are the right fit for the company and whether you are able to meet their expectations .
9. Who will I be reporting in to ?
Managers can make or break your happiness at work . It ’ s important to know who your boss-to-be is and whether you can get on with them . It ’ s likely they ’ ll have been in your interview , but it ’ s worth checking the team structure just in case .
Even better , John Lees , author of How To Get A Job You Love , suggests asking to meet the team .
'While you ’ re considering the details of a written job offer , ask for an opportunity to spend some time with the people you will actually be working with . This confirms your strong interest in the job , but also helps you to be sure that you will fit in , and tells you a great deal about organisational culture .
'If the organisation turns down your request , you might wonder what ’ s in store . A relaxed workplace visit can tell you a great deal about working style – and you may discover why the last post holder left ! '
Peter Cobley , founder and managing director at recruitment consultancy Found Us , agreed , saying : 'Culture is slowly becoming a top factor in a job move . When you ’ ve got the likes of Google building allotments for employees it ’ s no major surprise… But figuring the culture out during the interview stages is tricky .
'Ask the person offering you the job if you can meet the wider team for lunch – and let them choose the location . Not only will you get a handle on what the people you will be working with are like , but letting them choose the location will give you an insight in what they do when they socialise outside of work . '
10 . Can I have this in writing ?
Verbal agreements are much less binding than written ones so before you formally accept a position , get all of the final details of your salary and benefits on paper and review them carefully before signing the dotted line .
Ling Ling , a 29-year-old living in Shanghai , has gone to great lengths to curate a picture-perfect life on social media . Her photos on micro-blogging site Weibo show her glamorous and leisurely life .
Dressed in fashionable clothing and with immaculate make-up , Ling Ling is seen dining at fancy cafes and restaurants ; attending parties and social events with her girlfriends ; travelling to places like Boracay , Tokyo and Dubai .
But she does not cultivate her online image just to make herself feel good or her friends jealous . She is one of the new internet celebrities , known as Wang Hong .
It 's a lucrative business , with Zhang Dayi , one of China 's best known Wang Hong , reportedly earning 300m yuan ( £35m ; $ 46m ) . This compares favourably to top Chinese actress Fan Bingbing , who according to Forbes , made about $ 21m last year .
Online fashionistas
There are two types of internet celebrities in China - those who create original content like Papi Jiang , who was once censured for excessive use of foul language in her videos , and the `` fashionistas '' .
Ling Ling and Zhang Dayi fall into the second category , selling clothes and cosmetics on Taobao , China 's leading online shopping site .
They work as their own shops ' models by posting pictures of themselves wearing the clothes they sell , and some of their followers become their most loyal customers .
Ling Ling , who has been active online for 10 years and has more than 330,000 followers on Weibo , says she did n't plan on becoming an internet celebrity .
`` In the beginning , there were only online forums . I posted pictures and wrote online every day and a lot of people started paying attention to me . ''
When she was 18 , Ling Ling started a bricks-and-mortar clothing shop in Shanghai , but she soon realised that her online fame would bring more business .
`` You will be able to reach to customers across the nation with an online store . I 've got quite a lot of customers in Beijing and Guangzhou , '' she says .
Her Taobao shop generates around 300,000 yuan in sales every month and that figure can double during festivals .
But these numbers did not satiate her ambition , so she signed a contract with Tophot , an incubator aimed at nurturing top internet celebrities .
'Outperforming A-listers '
According to CBNData , a commercial data company affiliated with Alibaba , the `` internet celebrity economy '' is set to be worth 58bn yuan in 2016 , more than China 's box office in 2015 .
The enormous earning potential has led to the rise of internet celebrity incubators in China , which race to discover and nurture the next Zhang Dayi .
Incubators like Tophot provide training for budding internet celebrities , with skills in photography , make-up and performance . They also represent internet celebrities and help them find jobs like product endorsements . In return , they take a cut from their earnings .
Janet Chen , founder of Tophot , said internet celebrities had already `` outperformed '' showbiz A-listers and she attributes this to the fact that they are more down-to-earth and approachable .
`` Zhang Dayi is not an exceptional beauty , but she looks like someone you can be friends with . People think they can look like her if they put on some make-up , '' Ms Chen says .
She says Tophot has signed cooperation agreements with 30,000 emerging internet celebrities .
Although obviously not all are set for stardom .
And internet celebrity incubators are becoming increasingly popular with investors , says Zhang Yi , founder of iiMedia Research , a Guangzhou-based media consultancy firm .
He says there are already about 50 internet celebrity incubators in China . But , he points out , some investors worry about the long-term prospects of the industry .
`` A lot of factors behind [ the popularity of ] internet celebrities can not be duplicated , '' Mr Zhang says . `` The failure rate [ of investment of internet celebrity incubators ] is 95 % or above . ''
Others in China worry about the standards of beauty online celebrities are creating for Chinese women .
An attractive appearance seems to have become an indispensable quality for internet celebrities , and `` internet celebrity face '' , which refers to the combination of doe eyes , a pointy chin , a high nose and fair skin , is a commonly used shorthand in China .
According to CBNData , about 90 % of customers of the online shops run by internet celebrities are females .
In the report published by iiMedia Research , about 10 % of internet celebrities admitted that they had undergone plastic surgery .
`` Internet celebrities create standard , rigid aesthetics and body images for women , '' says Li Sipan , founder of Women Awakening Network , a feminist group based in Guangzhou .
Ms Li also says that many young women would believe that being an internet celebrity was a fast-track to success , and imitate their behaviour .
'She 's an idol '
But the fans are devoted and unlike with movie stars and top musicians , they get a lot of access to their favourite internet celebrity .
Ling Ling employees six assistants , but she says she is the one who interacts with her fans online . Apart from Weibo and WeChat , Ling Ling also conducts live-streaming sessions at times .
`` Fans are most important , '' Ling Ling says . `` I have been working in the business for 10 years and I am thankful for the support of my fans . ''
`` Ling Ling is very friendly [ to fans ] . There are always chances for us to meet her , '' says Hu Xiaofei , a long-time fan who spends about 1,000 yuan on Ling Ling 's shop every season .
`` She is like an idol [ to me ] . I will learn how to mix and match and put on make-up from her posts . ''
Janet Chen firmly believes that the digital native generation - those born in and after the 90s like Hu Xiaofei - will continue to fuel the popularity of internet celebrities in the long run .
`` When these generations become the mainstream group , their [ digital ] habits will dominate society 's consumption pattern , '' she adds .
However , Ling Ling admits that she sometimes feels insecure .
`` There are so many [ social media ] platforms and new internet celebrities . There are more and more pretty girls… Even for top internet celebrities , if they do not work hard , people may not know them at all in a few years . ''
People often use social media to portray the best possible image of themselves but for these people , an attempt to garner some attention online fell short .
As these awkward social media posts prove , some people bluffed on the web - but were caught in the act .
From trying to claim professional photos as their own , to taking Photoshop a little too far , these hilarious social media posts exposing liars will leave you cringing .
The origins of our Christmas traditions are the most fascinating of any holiday . All our favorite activities can be traced back to specific points in history , and knowing how these things came about just makes celebrating Christmas that much more wonderful .
In 2010 , Santa Claus is celebrating his 1,730th birthday ! The original Nicholas was born in 280 A.D. in the small country of Lycia , which is now part of modern-day Turkey .
Nicholas became first a priest and then a bishop in the early Christian church . The very first paintings of him show Nicholas wearing the ceremonial robes of a Christian bishop – red trimmed with white . When we see “ Santa ’ s suit ” today , we ’ re seeing those same colors .
Nicholas became famous for gift-giving , usually to the poor . In the early fourth century a legend began to spread about Nicholas coming at night to the home of three poor girls who did not have dowries and therefore could not marry their fiancés . While the girls slept , Nicholas left gold coins in their stockings , which were drying by the fire . That ’ s how our tradition of Santa filling stockings got its start .
Santa is known my many names all over the world . He became “ Santa Claus ” in America because many of the first English colonists to arrive to not celebrate Christmas ; as Puritans they felt the holiday was disrespectful to Jesus . But their children saw the children of Dutch settlers receiving gifts from someone called “ St . Nicholas. ” They thought the gift-giver ’ s name was “ Sinter Klass ” and anglicized it further to “ Santa Claus . ”
Many people think Santa ’ s reindeer were introduced to the holiday in Clement Moore ’ s wonderful poem “ A Visit from St. Nicholas , ” which most of us now call “ ’ Twas the Night Before Christmas. ” Moore wrote about Santa and the eight reindeer in 1822 . But in 1809 another great American author named Washington Irving wrote a book titled Diedrich Knickerbocker , and in it he wrote about St. Nicholas delivering presents to children “ by flying over the treetops in a wagon. ” Clement Moore simply expanded on that previous description .
The first department store Santa appeared in 1841 at J.W . Parkinson ’ s Dry Goods store in Philadelphia . This Santa tried to slide down a chimney to impress the children who were watching , but he got stuck halfway down .
During the Civil War , a magazine artist named Thomas Nast began drawing cartoons of Santa as a diversion for readers from the horrors of war . He sketched Santa as living at the North Pole , and having a lot of elves as his assistants . Everyone believed that must be true .
Mrs. Claus began appearing in Christmas lore in the late 1880s . In 1889 a poet/composer named Katharine Lee Bates wrote a poem called “ Goody Santa Claus on a Sleigh Ride. ” ( Wives in those days were often referred to as “ good wives , ” or “ goody ” for short . ) In the poem , Mrs. Claus tells Santa that she will deliver gifts that year , since it ’ s not fair that he gets to have all the fun . In 1910 another poem of Ms. Bates was set to music and published as a song everyone knows – America the Beautiful .
In 1890 department store Santas began appearing all over America , especially on the East Coast around Boston . They were so popular that parents in other cities joined together and hired passenger trains to take their families to see these Santas .
About this same time , Ralph E. Morris of the New England Telephone Company looked at switchboard lights and proposed that strings of them be hung on Christmas trees- they would be safer than candles .
Our modern-day image of Santa as a stout man is based on Coca-Cola ads from the 1930s . Artist Hans Sundblom used as his model a retired salesman named Les Prentice .
Twelve years after `` Friends '' ended , the beloved cast of the NBC sitcom ( minus Matthew Perry ) finally got back together . They even added some new friends to the mix .
Jennifer Aniston , Courteney Cox , Lisa Kudrow , Matt LeBlanc and David Schwimmer got together for an upcoming NBC special honoring director James Burrows . News of the reunion first surfaced online earlier this month , but dreams were shot when Perry revealed he would n't be there .
But alas , in the absence of Perry , the `` Friends '' welcomed a few new faces into their group : stars of `` The Big Bang Theory '' Kaley Cuoco , Johnny Galecki , Simon Helberg and Jim Parsons .
Cuoco shared a photo of the super-group on Instagram with the caption , `` FRIENDS # MEETSBBT , '' along with two hysterically crying faces .
Perry , who 's in London working on a play , may appear on the reunion show via taped recording . During an appearance on `` The Graham Norton Show , '' the actor told Norton , `` The other five are going to be on this special , and I am going to introduce them from London . ''
So , he 'll still be there for them , just not physically .
Other stars who attended the taping of the special include Ted Danson , Shelley Long , Bebe Neuwirth and George Wendt of `` Cheers , '' Tony Danza and Danny DeVito from `` Taxi '' and Sean Hayes , Eric McCormack , Debra Messing and Megan Mullally from `` Will & amp ; Grace . ''
China 's anti-corruption campaign will include a new focus this year cracking down on the misuse and embezzlement of poverty relief funds , according to the top prosecutor .
The five-year drive is aimed at ensuring the poverty alleviation policy and special funding will benefit poor people in poverty-stricken areas , Cao Jianming , prosecutor-general at the Supreme People 's Procuratorate , told China Daily in an exclusive interview . This campaign has been launched by the SPP and the Poverty Relief Office under the State Council .
Prosecuting departments will focus on investigating graft issues that involve exporting labor services , ecological protection , education and medical insurance , as well as minimum rural living allowances , Cao said .
They will also become `` more aggressive '' in going after officials at grassroots levels , such as those in charge of handling traffic in rural areas , hydropower , electric power infrastructure construction , and renovation of rural homes , Cao said .
The campaign comes after a keynote speech by President Xi Jinping at an anti-graft meeting in January , during which he promised to maintain the momentum at grassroots level to benefit everyone .
In recent years , a large amount in poverty alleviation funding has been embezzled or misused , seriously harming the public interest and people 's legitimate rights . It has also led to a series of petition cases , which has affected social harmony and stability .
`` We will try our utmost to punish those who abuse their power to embezzle , hold back , falsely claim or squander poverty alleviation funds , '' Cao said .
Since November 2012 , China 's leadership has conducted a sweeping nationwide campaign to pursue both `` tigers '' , or high-ranking officials , and `` flies '' , or lower-ranked officials at the grassroots level .
According to the SPP , duty-related crimes involving poverty alleviation funds have occurred at all levels but most of the corrupt officials involved have been at county level or below .
`` We will step up efforts to combat such crimes to let more people at the grassroots level share the fruits of the anti-graft campaign , '' Cao said .
He also said the number of corrupt officials involved in the misuse and embezzlement of poverty relief funds has risen sharply due to `` loopholes in the supervision mechanism , and the high number of anti-poverty projects and the huge funds involved '' .
According to the SPP , 933 corrupt officials in charge of poverty alleviation were investigated by prosecutors last year , a year-on-year increase of 19.2 percent .
In October , China set a goal of building a well-off society and lifting all poverty-stricken people in rural areas out of poverty by 2020 .
`` By targeting corrupt officials in the poverty relief sector , we will ensure that the targeted poverty relief strategy will really benefit poor people , '' Cao said .
He added that prosecutors will work closely with poverty relief departments and set up a system to share information , such as the number of poor people , funding distribution , and how poverty relief programs are run .
China still has 200 million people living in poverty , based on the World Bank standard , which means they each live on less than $ 1.90 a day . In 2014 , the central government allocated 43.3 billion yuan ( $ 6.67 billion ) for poverty relief , double the amount in 2010 .
Make-up is meant to make people look better , but one new groom got such a shock about the bare-faced appearance of his bride that he is allegedly suing her for fraud .
The anonymous man , who married his new wife in all her finery , apparently saw her in his room after the wedding and refused to believe that she was his wife without her make-up on .
Reports from Algeria , where the marriage took place , have stated that the bride was never without her make-up before the big day .
He was so stunned when he saw her face he reportedly said he thought she was “ thief who came to steal his apartment ” .
A court source told Emirates 247 : “ The groom told the judge that he could not recognise his wife after she washed the make-up off her face .
“ He said he was deceived by her as she used to fill up her face with make-up before their marriage .
“ He said she looked very beautiful and attractive before their marriage , but when he woke up in the morning and found that she had washed the make-up off her face , he was frightened as he thought she was a thief .
The groom is demanding £13,000 damages for `` psychological suffering '' .
For the second day in a row , the cover of the New York Post includes nude images of Melania Trump , the wife of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump .
The headline on its cover was `` The Ogle Office . ''
The photos show a young Melania in bed with another nude female model .
In April the Post endorsed Trump , saying , “ he reflects the best of ‘ New York values . ' ”
`` There 's nothing to be embarrassed about , '' Miller said . `` She 's a beautiful woman . ''
Miller noted , `` These were photos that are 20 years old , before Mrs. Trump met Mr . Trump . ''
According to an article about the photographs , Trump told the Post , `` Melania was one of the most successful models and she did many photo shoots , including for covers and major magazines . This was a picture taken for a European magazine prior to my knowing Melania . In Europe , pictures like this are very fashionable and common . ''
“ This is beauty and not porn . I am always shocked by the porn industry because they are destroying the emotion and the essence of purity and simplicity . ”
“ Melania was super-great and a fantastic personality and she was very kind with me , ” de Basseville told The Post , adding the former model never once felt uncomfortable posing for the nude pictures .
“ I think it is important to show the beauty and the freedom of the woman , and I am very proud of these pictures because they celebrate Melania ’ s beauty , ” he said .
Emily Tamkin , a writer for Slate , called the cover `` trashy '' and said none of the aforementioned quotes `` make this cover acceptable . ''
She opined :
`` A woman should be able to agree to take naked photos for a European magazine in her twenties with the expectation that they will not show up on the cover of a newspaper/tabloid some 20 years later under the headline `` Ogle Office '' when her husband decides to run for president . ''
Many Twitter users seemed to agree .
`` I am appalled and outraged by The New York Post 's Melania Trump cover , '' tweeted one user , added `` Misogyny is misogyny . ''
`` Just saw that New York Post cover . Ugh , trash , '' tweeted another .
A third , `` Printing Melania Trump 's naked pics is vile . ''
Many , though , were simply outraged , citing the republication of the photos as misogyny , a cheap blow that has nothing to do with politics .
Ewww York Post hits new low with nudes of Melania Trump -- -CHICAGO TRIBUNE
What ’ s next for NY Post ? The Trump-Melania sex tapes ? -- -mynewsla.com
“ @ nypost , Melania Trump isn ’ t running for president , her husband is . This is a below the belt attack and shouldn ’ t be condoned , ” tweeted actress Octavia Spencer , a Hillary Clinton supporter and Academy Award winner for her role in “ The Help . ”
“ So @ MELANIATRUMP was naked . She was a model . Now leave her alone , ” the “ CSI : Cyber ” star said via Twitter .
“ Melania Trump should feel no shame in choosing to do nude photos . Now choosing to ( be ) married ( to ) Donald ? That ’ s a whole other story , ” blogger Anne Wheaton posted .
Gawker speculated that Trump himself leaked the photographs in order to take the spotlight away from his back-and-forth with Ghazala Khan .
The photos are nothing but a crude attempt to plant a red herring into our political news cycle .
GQ recently republished a photo shoot featuring Melania from 2000 that included nude shots of the potential first lady , though these were carefully arranged to cover her most personal of areas . The photos were then used by the anti-Trump super PAC Make America Awesome in an attack meme , GQ reported .
Journalists covering the annual sessions of China 's national legislature and top political advisory body are attracted by some virtual reality ( VR ) and augmented reality ( AR ) products .
The products are on show at the ground floor of the hotel where the press center for the two sessions is located . The exhibition was set up by China Today Net Television .
AR/VR industries are emerging in China . The eastern city of Nanchang launched a VR industrial base last year with an angel fund of 1 billion yuan , and the VR firms will be supported by 10 billion yuan of investment .
City mayor Guo An , a national lawmaker , acknowledges that VR could change people 's lives like the Internet and smartphone . `` We have established a complete industrial chain with more than 50 enterprises and organizations . ''
To cultivate talent , the city cooperates with colleges and universities in training personnel . `` We aim to train 10,000 people with basic VR knowledge and skill in the next three years . ''
China will work harder this year on innovation , upgrade the structure of the real economy and improve competitiveness , said the government work report delivered by Premier Li Keqiang at the legislature 's annual session on Sunday .
To this end , China will push for technological innovation by improving support for fundamental and original research , building infrastructure for science and technology , setting up technological innovation hubs and sharing R & amp ; D resources , among other measures .
VR can be widely used in artificial intelligence , education and training , medicine , gaming , tourism and virtual communities .
Brazil 's first female president is out of a job , but not barred from the ballot if she wants to run again .
The South American country 's Senate voted 61-20 Wednesday to remove President Dilma Rousseff from office , finding her guilty of breaking budgetary laws in an impeachment trial .
Michel Temer , Rousseff 's former vice president who has been serving as interim president since her suspension in May , will assume the office of president and serve out the remainder of her term . Temer , a leader of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party , was sworn in Wednesday afternoon .
Temer , 75 , inherits a tattered economy , along with the keys to the presidential palace in Brasilia , the nation 's capital .
He met with his Cabinet and promised to tackle unemployment .
`` I am not saying it is an easy task , since we have almost 12 million people unemployed in this country , '' he said , according to a CNN translation . `` It 's a scary number , and there is nothing less dignified than unemployment . ''
A general election is scheduled for 2018 .
Wednesday 's vote marks the culmination of a contentious impeachment process that has dragged on for months . It 's a political crisis that ordinary Brazilians could do well without as the country , which just hosted the Summer Olympics in Rio , is trying to pull itself out of recession .
The Senate 's decision is a major blow for Rousseff , a member of the Workers ' Party , but it might not mark the end of her political career .
While the vote to oust her from office was decisive , a motion to bar her from holding any public office for the next eight years failed .
Rousseff , 68 , a former Marxist guerrilla , said earlier this week that she had committed no crime and said she was proud she 'd been `` faithful to my commitment to the nation . ''
The heir-apparent to former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , Rousseff was re-elected by a narrow margin in 2014 , but a recession and a cross-party corruption scandal put an end to any political goodwill she might have earned , eventually leading to her ouster .
David Beckham is to go around the world for a new TV documentary playing seven football games in seven continents – including the first ever game in Antarctica .
The new BBC film 'Beckham : For the love of the game ' will start in humble communities playing with youngsters .
It will end where it all began for the former England captain at Old Trafford , where he plays his final game with a host of internationally renowned footballing legends who he played for and against in his illustrious career .
According to the BBC , he will journey into the heart of countries travelling through difficult and sometimes dangerous terrains to get to the pitches .
Locations include the villages of Papua New Guinea , the foothills of Nepal , the streets of Buenos Aires , the desert plains of Djibouti and the elevated pitches of Miami .
He will meet the locals and play a seven a-side or eleven a-side game with two teams drawn from the local community .
Matches will be played in locations from the vast , unexplored jungle of Papua New Guinea to the frozen lands of Antarctica ; the first time a match has been played there .
Beckham said : `` I remember sitting on a plane and discussing this idea with friends and never thinking it would become a reality . I 'm genuinely excited now we can realise this ambitious idea .
`` Whether as a player or out in the field for UNICEF and other charitable partners , I have seen the transformational effect that sport and in particular football has on people 's lives .
`` This epic journey will allow me to show the positive side of the game I love and shine a light on the passion and selflessness of people that play this sport as a force for good . ''
The 90 minute film is likely to be shown on BBC1 next year , following on from his doc Into The Unknown in 2014 where he travelled across Brazil on a motorbike .
Charlotte Moore , Controller of BBC One , said : `` David Beckham returns to BBC One for a special film following his long held personal ambition to play seven games of football in every continent around the world from Nepal , Papua New Guinea , Chile to Antarctica .
`` David has set himself the challenge to highlight how the beautiful game can be a transformational force for good in the way it change lives and brings communities together amongst some of the most isolated and vulnerable people in the world . ''
A little before nine o'clock on Tuesday night , Antonio Gutiérrez found himself facing a welcome dilemma . Might he , a waitress asked , have room for a second helping of pudding ?
Gutiérrez , who had already seen off a plate of pasta , a fish stew and a slice of cake , gave it some thought . The option would have been unremarkable for most diners , but for him , it was entirely novel - as was the cafe in which he was eating .
By day , the Robin Hood restaurant , which sits on a side street near the centre of Madrid , is a typical Spanish bar .
But at night , it transforms itself into a pioneering place where homeless people such as Gutiérrez , 40 , from Extremadura , can dine , free of charge , at tables set with flowers , metal cutlery and proper glasses .
The restaurant is the latest initiative from the charity Mensajeros de la Paz - meaning messengers of peace - which was founded 54 years ago by Father Ángel García Rodríguez .
Its business model - using breakfast and lunch takings from paying customers to fund free evening meals for the homeless - is simple enough . Its aim , however , is a little more ambitious .
`` The inspiration came from Pope Francis , who 's spoken again and again about the importance of giving people dignity , whether it 's through bread or through work , '' said Father Ángel .
`` So we thought , why not open a restaurant with tablecloths and proper cutlery and waiters ? People with nothing can come and eat here in the restaurant and get the same treatment as everyone else . It 's just common sense . ''
Like many Spanish charities , Mensajeros de la Paz is still dealing with the human consequences of the country 's financial crisis , which has left the overall unemployment rate close to 20 % and youth unemployment among Europe 's highest at 42 % .
Each day , Father Ángel 's nearby church-cum-social centre provides 200 homeless people with breakfast and lunch . In the evening , the new restaurant will feed 100 homeless people in two sittings .
If the initiative proves successful , the NGO plans to extend the scheme and hopes it will attract famous chefs who will give up the odd evening to come to cook in the kitchen .
The priest acknowledges that there may be something a little provocative in naming the restaurant after a figure who redistributed wealth at the tip of an arrow and the point of a sword . But the idea is less to rob the rich than to encourage them to share their good fortune .
`` The name is just to spice it up a bit and to get people to notice . ''
Around the packed tables of the restaurant on Tuesday for its opening night , the talk was less of legendary outlaws and more about the excellent fish course .
`` The food here is great and very elegant , '' said Ramón Luis . `` I 'd give it loads of stars and I 'll be back tomorrow . ''
Gutiérrez , who has been homeless for a decade , had not eaten in such a restaurant for four or five years - except when Father Ángel had taken him out .
`` If you do n't have anything , this means a lot , '' he said .
After a few seconds ' deliberation , he ordered another piece of cake .
For the first time , scientists have identified two clusters of genes directly linked to human intelligence .
Called M1 and M3 , these so-called 'gene networks ' appear to determine how smart a person is by controlling their memory , attention , processing speed and reasoning .
Crucially , the scientists have also discovered that these two networks - which each contain hundreds of genes - are likely to be under the control of master regulator switches .
The researchers from Imperial College London are now keen to identify these switches and explore whether it might be feasible to manipulate them .
The research is at a very early stage , but the scientists would ultimately like to investigate whether it is possible to use this knowledge of gene networks to boost cognitive function .
Dr Michael Johnson , lead author of the study from the Department of Medicine at Imperial College London , said : 'We know that genetics plays a major role in intelligence but until now have n't known which genes are relevant .
'This research highlights some of genes involved in human intelligence , and how they interact with each other .
'What 's exciting about this is that the genes we have found are likely to share a common regulation , which means that potentially we can manipulate a whole set of genes whose activity is linked to human intelligence .
'Our research suggests that it might be possible to work with these genes to modify intelligence , but that is only a theoretical possibility at the moment - we have just taken a first step along that road . '
In the study , published in the journal Nature Neuroscience , the international team of researchers looked at samples of human brain from patients who had undergone neurosurgery for epilepsy .
The investigators analysed thousands of genes expressed in the human brain , and then combined these results with genetic information from healthy people who had undergone IQ tests .
They also studied the genetic information from people with neurological disorders such as autism spectrum disorder and intellectual disability .
Using computer models , they were able to identify the gene networks responsible for healthy human cognitive abilities .
Remarkably , they found that some of the same genes that influence human intelligence in healthy people were also the same genes that cause impaired cognitive ability and epilepsy when mutated .
Dr Johnson added : 'Traits such intelligence are governed by large groups of genes working together - like a football team made up of players in different positions .
'We used computer analysis to identify the genes in the human brain that work together to influence our cognitive ability to make new memories or sensible decisions when faced with lots of complex information .
This research could help provide insights into better treatments for neurodevelopmental diseases such as epilepsy , and ameliorate or treat the cognitive impairments associated with these devastating diseases .
Spending hours a day sitting at a desk is known to have consequences for your health but , scientists now say just five-minute walking stints could counteract some of the risks .
In a new study , researchers found that taking brief , repeated breaks from work to stand up and move around has sustained benefits for your mood and energy levels .
The effects of these microbouts of activity were found to last all day , and could even help to alleviate food cravings while you 're at work .
`` Office workers have been identified as one of the most vulnerable occupational groups for accumulating prolonged and uninterrupted sitting time '' , the authors explained in the study , published to the International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity .
And , this sedentary lifestyle increases the risks of diabetes , depression , and obesity , among other health concerns .
To find out how different methods of activity effected workers , the team , including researchers from the University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Center and the Johnson & amp ; Johnson Human Performance Institute , investigated three movement conditions across 30 adults .
Participants were first given a number of tests to assess their health , along with self-perceived energy , mood , and appetite .
In one trial , the participants sat for 6 hours straight , getting up only to use the bathroom , according to the New York Times .
In another , they started the day with 30 minutes of moderate walking on a treadmill .
The third experiment called for six 5-minute microbouts of moderate intensity walking every hour .
The researchers monitored their stress hormone levels , and had participants rate their moods , energy , fatigue , and appetites throughout the day .
These experiments revealed a number of benefits linked to the 5-minute activity sessions .
The researchers also found that the effects of the microbouts surpassed those associated with an early workout , as the benefits of that type of activity wore off after some time .
Participants showed an increase in energy and vigor levels , along with `` improved mood , decreased feelings of fatigue , and affected appetite '' , the authors noted .
`` Overall , microbouts of activity led to sustained effects along the day , while the effects of a single bout of activity performed early in the morning did not last throughout the day '' , they explain .
Neither regimen was found to effect cognitive function , for better or worse .
But , the results suggest that , `` even a little bit of activity , spread throughout the day , is a practical , easy way to improve well-being '' , study author Jack Groppel , co-founder of the Johnson & amp ; Johnson Human Performance Institute , told the New York Times .
Though the study had its limitations , Dr. Groppel says `` it 's clear that moving matters '' .
Sharing E Umbrella , a new umbrella sharing company based in Shenzhen , China , recently announced that it had lost most of the 300,000 umbrellas it made available since it launched in April .
China 's sharing economy has been booming , with companies offering anything from bicycles and basketballs to smartphone battery banks on a rental basis . Customers make a small deposit and get to use the item for a set period of time for a daily fee , with penalty fees put in place for every day that they fail to return the product after the deadline . It 's a simple business model , and market data shows that consumers see sharing as a cheap and convenient way to reduce waste and avoid clutter . However , it does n't always work out as well as entrepreneurs hope .
Inspired by the success of the bicycle sharing model and thinking that “ everything on the street can now be shared ” , Zhao Shuping , a businessman from Shenzhen , founded the Sharing E Umbrella , an umbrella sharing service , in April . By the end of June , his business had already launched in 11 major Chinese cities , including Shanghai , Nanjing and Guangzhou . But while picking up the umbrellas was relatively simple , as they were made available at bus and subway stations , the return policy turned out to be a different matter entirely .
“ Umbrellas are different from bicycles , ” Mr. Zhao told Chinese news site ThePaper.cn . “ Bikes can be parked anywhere , but with an umbrella you need railings or a fence to hang it on . ”
So instead of bothering to return the umbrellas back to a station , a lot of people just took them home , and Sharing E Umbrella has reportedly lost track of most of the 300,000 umbrellas it had in circulation . Considering that borrowing umbrellas requires a 19 yuan deposit , with a fee of 0.50 yuan per half an hour usage , and Zhao estimates that he loses 60 yuan per lost umbrella , the company is now in the red , but the Chinese entrepreneur is not ready to call it quits just yet .
Zhao claims that despite the unforeseen setback , Sharing E Umbrella still plans to roll out 30 million nationwide by the end of the year .
With a population of just over 11,000 , Dobbs Ferry , New York is your typical sleepy town , except for one thing .
When the first school bell rings , kids are wide awake .
Last September , Dobbs Ferry School District joined a small but growing cluster of schools around the US that have started pushing back their middle and high school start times in an effort to combat student grogginess .
Bolstered by a mountain of sleep science research that says pre-teens and teenagers are some of the most sleep-deprived people and would actually do better in school with more rest , these forward-thinking schools are finally cutting worn-out students a break .
They 're letting kids sleep in .
What happens when you start later ?
Dobbs Ferry Superintendent Dr. Lisa Brady tells Business Insider that prior to the 2015-2016 school year , middle schoolers started at 8:15 a.m. and high schoolers at 7:30 a.m . Under the new policy , each school now starts and ends 45 minutes later . Both schools have experienced tremendous benefits , Brady says .
Following a survey issued at the end of the last school year , Brady says `` it was clear from both the parents and the kids , overwhelmingly , that the mornings were just less stressful . ''
Many of the kids reported having more time to eat breakfast and get ready for school , while parents said they did n't have to drag kids out of bed or yell at them to hurry up . Once students got to school , they felt more alert . At night , they tended to reported going to bed at the same time , even though the new schedule freed up an extra 45 minutes .
The trend has been building steam for the past few years . At the advocacy group Start School Later , employees have been compiling an ongoing list of US schools and districts that have made the move to push back the first bell . So far , schools in 44 states have jumped onboard .
One of those is Solebury School , in New Hope , Pennsylvania , where Director of Studies Rick Tony has pushed for a robust set of changes to the typical school schedule .
Beginning this academic year , kids at Solebury , a private boarding and day school , do n't start until 8:30 a.m. On Wednesdays , it 's 9:00 a.m. That 's a full hour later than in years past , when the first bell sounded promptly at 8 .
At the same time , the school also moved from six 50-minute classes to four 80-minute classes . With fewer teachers to assign homework , Tony says , kids can still enjoy their nights even if they get home slightly later .
`` Every time we ask for feedback , the results come back 10 to 1 , positive to negative , '' he tells Business Insider .
Tony is also a math teacher , and he says his students already produce better work on a more consistent basis , even though the schedule is just a month old . Around the campus , kids seem more relaxed now that they 're not juggling as much work as early in the day .
The downsides of delaying start times
Negative responses to later start times are rare , but they do happen .
Brady says some parents at Dobbs Ferry have found it harder to complete the necessary morning rituals and still get to work on time . Meanwhile , Tony says the issue at Solebury is finding enough buses for kids . In both cases , the officials say parents have the option to drop their kids off at school before the first bell so they can eat breakfast , charge their devices , or just hang out .
Brady has also found challenges with athletics and after-school clubs . In years prior , teams had no trouble getting to away games . Now they have less time to get there , and they have to deal with worse traffic .
`` The kids feel really rushed , '' she says .
Once they finally get home , many say they have less time for all the homework they 've been assigned . Brady says the school is brainstorming changes to the school day similar to those made at Solebury .
'Twerking ' , the provocative dance move made popular by Miley Cyrus , has been added to the Oxford English Dictionary .
Despite its more frequent use in recent years , the word can be traced back to as early as 1820s to describe a 'twisting jerking movement ' .
The word is one of 500 new entries , including 'twitterati ' ( describing users of the social media service ) , and 'fo ' shizzle ' ( meaning 'for sure ' ) , added to the dictionary .
Twerking , which the dictionary describes as dancing 'in a sexually provocative manner , using thrusting movements of the bottom and hips while in a low , squatting stance ' , has its roots in the early 1990s New Orleans 'bounce ' music scene .
Research by the Oxford English Dictionary has found the term was first used in 1820 as a noun spelt 'twirk ' , meaning a 'twisting jerking movement ' or 'twitch ' . It then emerged as a verb by 1848 and the modern spelling was adopted by 1901 .
Miss Cyrus , 22 , caused a furore when she performed the move on stage at an awards ceremony in 2013 wearing very little clothing .
Are you mindlessly twisting your hair or biting your nails as you read this article ? New research from the University of Montreal suggests that compulsive behaviors like these might say more about your personality than you think .
People who are generally impatient , or who get bored or frustrated easily , are more likely to engage in repetitive body-focused behaviors such as skin-picking , nail-biting or eyelash-pulling , the researchers found .
The study , published in the March issue of the Journal of Behavior Therapy and Experimental Psychiatry , points to perfectionism - a trait that can be more damaging than many people realize - as an underlying cause .
“ We believe that individuals with these repetitive behaviors may be perfectionistic , meaning that they are unable to relax and to perform task at a ‘ normal ’ pace , '' Dr. Kieron O'Connor , professor of psychiatry at the university and the study 's lead author , said in a press release Tuesday . `` They are therefore prone to frustration , impatience , and dissatisfaction when they do not reach their goals . They also experience greater levels of boredom . ”
In the study , the researchers worked with 48 participants , half of whom regularly engaged in these types of behaviors . The other participants , who did n't engage in these behaviors , acted as a control group . The participants were asked questions about the extent to which they experienced emotions like boredom , anger , guilt , irritability and anxiety . Then , each participant was exposed to situations designed to provoke particular feelings ( including relaxation , stress , frustration and boredom ) . In the boredom scenario , for instance , the subject was simply left alone in a room for six minutes .
Participants with a history of fidgety , body-focused behaviors reported greater urges to engage in those behaviors when they were feeling stressed and frustrated . But they did n't report feeling those urges while they were relaxing .
If you do bite your nails from time to time , there 's no need to worry - you 're probably not doing much harm . In fact , the researchers say that such behaviors serve a temporary purpose when we 're not able to channel our energy more productively .
`` The positive effects of the habits are stimulation and a ( maladaptive ) way of regulating emotion , '' O'Connor said in an email to The Huffington Post . `` What triggers the habit is largely frustration and impatience so the action substitutes for more constructive action . ''
The real reason people close their eyes when they kiss is because the brain ca n't deal with more than two things at once .
That is the finding of academics who have explored one of the great mysteries of the human psyche .
When people pucker up the brain finds it difficult to process the sensation if cognitive power is also being used to analyse what we see , said psychologists from Royal Holloway , University of London .
'Tactile awareness depends on the level of perceptual load in a concurrent visual task , ' said Polly Dalton and Sandra Murphy , from the university , in the Journal of Experimental Psychology : Human Perception and Performance .
The cognitive psychologists reached their conclusion without studying people actually kissing .
Instead people were asked do visual tests while their response to something touching their hands was measured .
The academics found that the visual field overrides tactile responses - meaning people would struggle to continue kissing if what they were looking at became more difficult to process .
Dr Dalton told The Sunday Times : 'If we are focusing strongly on a visual task , this will reduce our awareness of stimuli in other senses .
'It is important for designers to be aware of these effects , because auditory and tactile alerts are often used in situations of high visual demand , such as driving a car or flying an aircraft . '
The findings could also explain why people often shut their eyes whilst reading braille or when dancing .
Dr Dalton added : 'These results could explain why we close our eyes when we want to focus attention on another sense . Shutting out the visual input leaves more mental resources to focus on other aspects of our experience . '
A 25-year-old American businesswoman has declared war on the “ farcical ” western names being adopted by young Chinese , vowing to liberate her clients from monikers that include Lady Gaga , Washing Liquid and Furry .
Chinese people often take a “ yingwen ming ” or “ English name ” in order to help foreign friends or potential employers who struggle to pronounce or remember their Mandarin ones .
But such names were often appallingly chosen , said Lindsay Jernigan , who was born in Memphis but spent six years living in St John ’ s Wood , London .
Hoping to change that , Ms Jernigan recently launched BestEnglishName.Com , a website designed to help Chinese name-seekers avoid embarrassment .
“ We can help you find a name that is cool and unique but that won ’ t make Westerners feel uneasy , ” the website promises .
Ms Jernigan , who lives in Shanghai , said poorly chosen names could lead to their owners being “ marginalised ” or “ laughed at behind their backs ” .
“ Your name is your first impression , it is what people are going to remember you by , it is your personal brand . So if you have one that makes people uncomfortable or is just completely confusing then it is going to be a barrier in all future conversations , introductions or relationships . ”
For 15 yuan , visitors to the website can take a quiz that supplies them with five “ automatically generated names ” that have been vetted by the company .
A one-hour advice session with Ms Jernigan costs 200 yuan .
Names that get the thumbs up include Claire , as in Claire Danes , Kenneth as in Kenneth Branagh and Jackson , as in the Jackson Five . Mars , as in Mars Bar , Cherry , as in Cherry Cola , and Chevrolet , as in Chevrolet Corvette , all get the thumbs down .
The website has received 30,000 page views per month and most clients so far were young women preparing applications to study overseas . They came from cities including Hangzhou , Kunming , Shanghai , Wenzhou and Chengdu .
Ms Jernigan said the most popular names among her clients were Lexi , Isla and Kendal for women and Austin , Carson and Malcolm for men . Among the most unfortunate names she had encountered were Paradise , Sapphire , Moon , Lady Gaga and Washing Liquid .
Ms Jernigan said she had also come across young women named Larry and Gary .
“ It can be really detrimental because it makes it seem like you don ’ t understand western culture and are not as smart [ as you might be ] . ” Recently the American businesswoman was bamboozled to come across someone called Furry , as in Furry cat .
“ I can ’ t quite figure that one out . There is a general adjective/name confusion , but this one is just strange , ” she said .
The 10 best and worst names , according to BestEnglishName.Com founder Lindsay Jernigan
BEST
WORST
Long distance relationships are always tough , and the lack of physical interaction is one of the main reasons for that . There ’ s no substituting human touch , yet , but rapidly-advancing technology already provides some intriguing alternatives . One such example is the Kissenger , a smartphone peripheral that allows users to kiss over long distances .
The concept of long-distance kissing has been an intriguing research concept for over half a decade now . Back in 2012 , we wrote about the Kissenger , a solution created by Dr. Hooman Samani , Director of AIART Lab ( Artificial Intelligence and Robotics Technology Laboratory ) in Singapore . It consisted of two internet-connected bunny-shaped robots with big silicone lips that could send the touch of human lips between each-other to ( sort of ) simulate a kiss between two human beings .
The Kissinger made international news headlines when it was originally revealed , but it never translated into an actual consumer product . However , the idea of transmitting human kisses over long distances remained popular , and , last month , Emma Yann Zhang , a Computer Science PhD student at City University London , presented her own take on the idea , also called the Kissenger .
Derived from the words ‘ kiss ’ and ‘ messenger ’ , the Kissenger works in a similar way as Dr. Samani ’ s Kissenger , but features a much more practical design . Instead of a cute robot connected to a computer , the Kissenger takes the shape of a smartphone cover , with a large , oval silicone “ lip ” at the bottom . All the user has to do is plant a wet one on this silicone pad and built-in high precision force sensors register a user ’ s lip movements , while miniature linear actuators replicate those movements on a second device used by the person being kissed .
The Kissenger aims to replicate romantic kisses , but as Emma Yann Zhang says , the device can also be used by parents to give their children a kiss on the cheek when they are away at work . The PhD student presented her invention at the recent Love and Sex with Robots conference , where she said that humans will inevitably become more intimate with A.I . or robots , and being able to share a kiss will play a big part in that kind of relationship .
Zhang admits that her invention still requires a fair bit of work to create a lifelike kissing experience , but she is already working to improve it . She and her team are working on a way to build scent into the Kissenger , so that users can also get the authentic smell of the person they want to kiss . They also want to record data about blood pressure and heart rate to see if users are affected in the same way that they are by a real kiss .
The Kissenger is still a long way from becoming a real consumer product , but the concept of long-distance kissing is definitely evolving .
Citigroup is testing new technology that will allow customers to withdraw money using retinal scanning .
The bank wants to replace PIN codes with biometric scanners that could identify customers using only their eyes .
Customers would use a smartphone app to key in the amount they want to draw out ahead of time .
As they approached the ATM , the app would link up to the machine and use retinal scanning to confirm the customer ’ s identity .
The ATM would then release the cash , providing the scanner recognises the individual .
Citigroup said the retinal scans would take 15 seconds to complete compared to 45 seconds for traditional transactions .
It would , they claim , be more secure and would mean that cards could never be skimmed at an ATM again .
The Wall St Journal reported that Citigroup has not set a date for when the retinal scanners would be introduced .
The bank may have to overcome privacy concerns as some customers may be uncomfortable giving their biometric data to such an institution .
Citigroup says it has been working with cash machine manufacturer Diebold and has confirmed that preliminary scanning tests have been carried out on 30 consumers in a laboratory at its head office in New York .
The test cash machines do not even need a screen or a touchpad as all the information is loaded by the app ahead of time .
Citigroup is not the only financial institution testing out cardless cash machines - JP Morgan Chase and Bank of America are working on similar technology .
The moves comes in response to US credit scoring firm FICO announcing that in May this year the number of attacks on debit cards used at ATMs had reached its highest level in 20 years .
10 . Yaa Gyasi , Homegoing
Gyasi creates an unforgettable cast of characters as she follows seven generations of a family through the dislocations and continuing repercussions of slavery .
9 . Sarah Bakewell , At the Existentialist Café
Bakewell ’ s idiosyncratic begins At the Existentialist Café . She tracks the growth of Existentialism , and shows how its emphasis on authenticity and freedom are relevant today .
8 . Ruth Franklin , Shirley Jackson : A Rather Haunted Life
Shirley Jackson was best known for literary suspense . Jackson ’ s unique contribution , writes Franklin , was “ her primary focus ” on the lives of her generation of women who were raised in the mid 20th Century .
7 . Liz Moore , The Unseen World
Moore captures the powerful ties between father and daughter as she unspools a string of compelling scientific and personal mysteries .
6 . Ben H Winters , Underground Airlines
Winters ’ timely new work of speculative fiction is set in an alternative US : Lincoln never became president , the Civil War never happened , and there are still slaves in the certain states . Winters , an Edgar award winner , has crafted a fast-moving thriller with a contemporary ethical framework .
5 . Teju Cole , Known and Strange Things
Cole shows a breathtaking range in his splendid new collection of 55 essays . His cultural criticism is filled with surprising connections and intelligent provocations .
4 . Adam Haslett , Imagine Me Gone
Imagine Me Gone is a powerful story of loss and love . We ’ ve come to know intimately the joys and struggles of each member of a troubled family by its heart-wrenching conclusion .
3 . Ann Patchett , Commonwealth
Patchett , winner of the 2001 Orange Prize , opens her brilliantly structured new novel . Betrayals and forgiveness are at the centre of this complex and memorable family drama .
2 . CE Morgan , The Sport of Kings
Morgan ’ s ambitious and epic tale of a racehorse bred to win the Triple Crown of elite US thoroughbred contests spans several centuries .
1 . Dana Spiotta , Innocents and Others
Spiotta raises questions about truth , reality and how the digital world is affecting us all in her new novel . An innovative and provocative stunner .
We examine what various countries around the world are number one for .
Eating meat , owning guns and making billions
The US tops countless tables . It eats the most meat ( 120kg per person , per year , putting it clear of Kuwait , Australia , The Bahamas and Luxembourg ) , own the most guns ( 112.6 for every 100 residents ; Serbia comes next with 75.6 ) , and has the most airports ( 13,513 ) , flight departures ( 9,553,214 in 2014 ) , roads ( 6,586,610km ) , railways ( 224,792km ) , billionaires ( 540 ) , and volcanoes ( 173 ) .
Cheap petrol and Miss World winners
Thanks to a policy of heavy subsidisation , petrol costs just $ 0.01 a litre in Venezuela , according to the fuel analyst website globalpetrolprices.com . That 's just one percent of the global average , $ 0.97 , and well ahead of second placed Saudi Arabia ( $ 0.24 ) .
The country has produced six Miss World winners , putting it ahead of the UK ( 5 ) , India ( 5 ) and the US ( 3 ) .
Happiness
Costa Rica is the most cheerful country on Earth according to the annual Happy Planet Index . Released last summer , it ranks 140 destinations according to `` what matters most - sustainable wellbeing for all '' .
I hate saying goodbye to my dogs ; the two of them look longingly with their big dopey eyes as I close the door and leave for work . It ’ s enough to break a grown man ’ s heart .
That ’ s where GoBone comes in . A Kickstarter toy designed by PulsePet to give your dog attention and playtime when you ’ re not home , the GoBone is an autonomous bone that rolls around your house during the day just so your dog can chase it and chew it whenever he ’ s feeling playful .
While the GoBone looks more a cross between a remote-control car and a broom than a bone , it seems to get the job done . Two large , rubber wheels help GoBone glide over any flooring surface , and a crude tail keeps the toy moving when Fido inevitably flips it over .
The folks at PulsePet say dogs fall in love with the toy since it ’ s not only something they can chase around all day , but also because you can also cram it full of treats or cover sections in peanut butter . The toy ’ s software can also be tailored to your dog ’ s age , size and activity level to ensure it keeps your dog engaged without running him ragged .
When your dog does eventually catch the GoBone , it automatically shuts down so he can chew it to its heart ’ s content . And when your dog is tuckered out and puts the toy down , it will start back up again and roll away .
A smartphone app lets you take control of the GoBone when you ’ re home so you can use it to play with your dog , record video without leaving the GoBone app , schedule times when the GoBone should be active and view your pet ’ s overall activity . So if your pooch has a particularly large paunch , the GoBone might be able to help him or her shed some pounds .
PulsePet also wisely chose to make the external pieces of its robo-chew toy replaceable , so when your pup annihilates the GoBone ’ s wheels , you can swap them out for a new pair .
Here ’ s the thing , though . While one of my dogs is playful and would likely love the GoBone , my other dog is so skittish she ’ s afraid of her own shadow . I ’ m not exactly sold on the fact that my anxious dog would enjoy having a robo-monster zooming around the house when I ’ m not home . All of that is to say that the GoBone probably isn ’ t for every dog out there .
There ’ s one other caveat : Since a Kickstarter campaign is funding the GoBone , there ’ s no guarantee you ’ ll ever be able to buy one . The company is , however , planning to begin mass production of the toy in September .
So far , PulsePet has raised $ 24,000 of its $ 60,000 goal with 29 days to go before the fundraising period ends . If you pledge $ 300 to back the GoBone , the company says it will send you one and a second to a needy shelter pup . |
Do n't go swimming while wearing sunscreen - unless you want cancer .
A compound used in the protective lotions turns toxic when it reacts with chlorine and ultraviolet rays , researchers found .
Avobenzone is considered the most popular sun-blocker in the world due to its ability to absorb sunlight at different wave lengths - preventing skin damage .
But Russian scientists suggest the UV-filtering compound forms cancer-causing toxins when exposed to a mixture of sun and chlorinated water .
Aldehydes , phenols and chlorinated acetyl benzenes were created in experiments simulating swimmers wearing sunscreen .
The latter two are considered extremely toxic and are strongly linked to deadly tumours and infertility , Lomonosov Moscow State University experts say .
While a study earlier this year hinted that aldehydes can raise the risk of cancer as they interfere with the body 's natural repair mechanism .
Lead author Dr Albert Lebedev said : 'On the basis of the experiments one could make a conclusion that a generally safe compound transforms in the water and forms more dangerous products .
'In spite of the fact that there are no precise toxicological profiles for the most established products , it 's known that acetyl benzenes and phenols , especially chlorinated ones , are quite toxic .
'Studying the products of transformation of any popular cosmetics is very important as very often they turn out to be much more toxic and dangerous than their predecessors .
'In principle , basing on such researches , one could obtain results , which could restrict or even put under a ban the usage of one or another product and preserve the health of millions of people . '
The researchers used a scanning technique called chromatomass spectrometry to make their findings , published in Chemosphere .
This technique , on laboratory cells , allows precise analysis of the most complex mixtures of chemical compounds .
For the study , they simulated the real situation when a sunscreen , applied on the skin of a swimmer , comes into contact with pool water .
The breakdown of avobenzone may take place right on the wet human skin , on which a sunscreen is spread .
Sunscreen containing avobenzone are known to be applied by millions of people all over the world .
Chemical UV filters like avobenzone absorb ultraviolet light due to the peculiarities of their structures . The substance in itself is safe .
As well as being common in sunscreen , they are also used in some personal care products , such as makeup , moisturisers and lip balms .
The researchers are now studying how avobenzone breaks down under conditions of chlorination and bromination of fresh and sea water .
During chlorination or bromination of sea water the number of the breakdown products of avobenzone will be even wider .
And if water contains copper salts - which are added into many swimming pools for getting nice light-blue colour - then bromoform is formed in large quantities .
This substance could provoke dysfunctions of liver and kidneys - along with nervous system disorder , the experts implied .
One of South Korea 's hottest YouTube stars is a 70-year-old grandmother whose cool , undaunted style and hilarity are a breath of fresh air in a social media universe that exalts youth and perfect looks .
Park Makrye 's videos are all about showing off her wrinkles and her elderly life in the raw . Young South Koreans find her so funny and adorable that big companies like Samsung Electronics are banking on her popularity .
Despite her new life as a celebrity , she still gets up before dawn to run her diner .
Serving kimchi while clad in a dotted pink top and short skirt with a kitchen hygiene hat on her head , Park is n't exactly the most stylish beauty icon .
Yet , South Koreans love watching her give make-up tutorials , reunite with an old friend or try pasta for the first time in her life in her `` Grandma 's Diary '' YouTube videos .
`` She 's real . She 's not fake , '' said Lee Injae , a 31-year-old living in Seoul . `` It 's refreshing to see the world through the eyes of a grandmother . ''
Before YouTube , Park says , her life was `` dead like rotten bean sprouts . ''
`` We used to think , 'Since I 'm over 70 , my life is over , ' '' Park said in an interview with The Associated Press , sitting in the living room that she turns into her YouTube studio by taping a broad piece of paper on the wall .
`` But as I started doing this , I realized life starts at 71 years old , '' she said , adding an extra year as is the custom in Korea and many other Asian countries .
Encouraged by a granddaughter to start making videos as a way to stave off dementia , Park is living it up . She 's posed for a women 's monthly magazine spread , and will be appearing next week as a model in a YouTube commercial for Samsung 's TV .
Her fans travel from across the country to eat at her diner where one can get filled with a rice and vegetable meal for just $ 5 in a remote part of Yongin , a city 34 kilometers south of Seoul with no easy public transport access .
Kim Yura , Park 's 27-year-old granddaughter , stopped working as an acting instructor to travel with her grandmother after a doctor told the family she had a high risk of getting Alzheimer 's disease like her three elder sisters . Kim took her grandmother to Australia , as a treat after more than 40 years of raising children and running a restaurant .
A video of the grandmother-granddaughter duo visiting Cairns , Australia in January shows Park describing her first time diving in the ocean and her sprinting to a swimming pool like a kid . It was a big hit among young South Koreans : less than six months later , Park has about 400,000 followers on YouTube and Instagram .
Since then , everything has `` flipped like a pancake , '' Park quips .
`` I learned then that my grandmother was just like us . She likes to travel , eat tasty food and take pretty photos , '' said Kim , who films and edits the videos .
`` I 'm her fan too . She is such a cool person . ''
Her fans love Park 's unfiltered comments in her local dialect , such as a remark about Korean soap operas — `` those things get pregnant days and nights . ''
`` The reason she is so popular is that she talks candidly without pretension about things that women feel uncomfortable about , '' said Lee Taek Gwang , a professor of culture studies at Kyunghee University . `` She talks about topics that we do n't dare to talk about , especially on women 's issues . ''
About cosmetic companies ' promises to make women younger and prettier , Park scoffs , `` You just have to be born again . ''
Offering make-up tips to help people look a decade younger , she warns teenage viewers , `` You guys should n't do this or you 'll look like infants . ''
Don ’ t you just hate it when you have to take an important phone call and you ’ re surrounded by potential eavesdroppers ? You either have to whisper or go outside to keep the conversation private , which is not exactly ideal . Now , a new gadget aims to fix this problem by muffling your voice and making you look like Bane in the process .
Hushme is a bizarre high-tech mask that blocks the sound of the wearer ’ s voice so that people nearby can ’ t hear what is being said . It connects to your phone via Bluetooth and comes with a pair of earbuds . When you get a private call , all you have to do is put the muzzle-like mask on and it will do the rest . The pair of thick cushy pads over your mouth do a good job of muffling your voice , but to ensure nothing gets through , Hushme also features external speakers that play a variety of sounds when you speak .
The Hushme mask , which comes in a variety of colors , can be worn around the neck , like a regular pair of earphones , and attaches in front of your mouth thanks to a couple of very powerful magnets . It ’ s not yet clear how comfortable speaking with this Bane-like mask over your mouth really is , or how effective its speech muffling capability is , so all we know so far is that it makes you look weird .
The sound options for covering your voice currently include wind , ocean , rain , birds , monkey , squirrel , R2D2 , laughing Minion and Darth Vader breath , but new ones could be added in the future .
While Hushme is promoted as a phone call privacy protection device , you could always use it to protect your ears from loud mouth co-workers at the office . Just slap this baby over their mouths and you can get on with your work .
Advertised as the “ world ’ s first voice mask for mobile phones ” , Hushme was unveiled at CES , at the beginning of this year . It ’ s not commercially available yet , but its makers plan to start a crowdfunding campaign in May , and to start selling it by the end of the year . Engadget reports that it will cost around $ 200 .
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a visiting Chinese graduate student last seen June 9 on the University of Illinois campus , the US attorney 's office for Central Illinois said Friday .
Investigators with the FBI think the student , Yingying Zhang , 26 , is probably dead , a news release from the attorney 's office said .
Brendt Christensen , 27 , of Champaign , Illinois , will face a charge of kidnapping , the news release said .
Christensen was under surveillance Thursday when agents overheard him saying he kidnapped Zhang , a criminal complaint says . Christensen said he took Zhang back to his apartment , the complaint adds .
`` Based on this , and other facts uncovered during the investigation of this matter , law enforcement agents believe that Ms. Zhang is no longer alive . ''
The FBI says Christensen was driving the black Saturn Astra that was captured on security camera video picking up Zhang the afternoon of June 9 .
On June 15 , Christensen admitted picking up Zhang , the complaint says , but he told the FBI that day he let her out just a few blocks away .
Christensen claimed he made a wrong turn at some point and the woman panicked , then he let her out of his car a few blocks from where he picked her up .
The criminal complaint also says a search of the suspect 's car revealed the front passenger door , next to where Zhang would have been sitting , was cleaned to a `` more diligent extent . ''
Christensen was a graduate student in the physics department and a teaching assistant until May , a University of Illinois professor told CNN .
`` Everybody is shocked by this , '' said Lance Cooper , an associate head for graduate studies in the department . `` There were no flags , no discipline issues with him , no problem with his teaching , no problems with his coursework . ''
Christensen 's LinkedIn profile states he graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 2013 with bachelor 's degrees in physics and math . Christensen described himself as a Ph.D. candidate at U. of I. since January of 2014 , researching experimental condensed matter physics .
Cooper said he did n't think Christensen would have had any academic interactions with Zhang , who came to the United States within the past two months .
Cooper said Christensen mentioned in spring 2016 that he was married and that he and his wife were going to use the next year to decide what their plans were while he completed his master 's program .
`` This is a senseless and devastating loss of a promising young woman and a member of our community . There is nothing we can do to ease the sadness or grief for her family and friends , but we can and we will come together to support them in any way we can in these difficult days ahead . ''
Christensen 's first court appearance is at 10 a.m. Monday in federal court in Urbana . It is unclear whether Christensen , who is still in custody , has an attorney .
Science is blooming stronger than ever .
NASA astronaut Scott Kelly tweeted a photo over the weekend of the first flower to ever bloom in space . Kelly cared for the orange zinnia for over a month .
The Veggie plant growth facility aboard the International Space Station chose the zinnia flower species because its longer growth cycle can help astronauts and scientists understand how plants grow in microgravity .
`` While the plants have n't grown perfectly , '' Gioia Massa , NASA science team lead for Veggie , said in a statement . `` I think we have gained a lot from this , and we are learning both more about plants and fluids and also how better to operate between ground and station . ''
This was not the first time attempt at growing zinnias , though .
Other astronauts aboard the ISS began growing the colorful flowers last year , but due to high humidity and low air flow , the plants leaked water out of the tips of their leaves . Mold was also affecting the growth .
Kelly then took over the operation and began tending to the plants as he would in his own garden . The ISS also successfully grew red romaine lettuce in July 2015 . Kelly even took a bite of the harvested plants and posted the photo on his Twitter account .
NASA 's next experimental growth using the Veggie plant growth system will be later this year . Astronauts will attempt to grow Chinese cabbage .
The space agency will then attempt at growing dwarf tomatoes in 2018 .
Ever fancied soaking your feet while simultaneously hurtling through the air on a roller coaster ?
Yasuhiro Nagano , the mayor of Beppu city in the south of Japan , which is famed for its hot springs , proposed the spa and amusement park hybrid in a video posted to YouTube last week .
In the promotional clip , he said : 'When this video reaches one million views , we hereby pledge to construct an onsen ( hot springs ) amusement park in Beppu city . '
The video , filmed at Beppu Rakutenchi amusement park , imagines what the 'spa-musement ' park might look like .
In the clip , thrill-seekers can be seen wandering through the park in nothing but towels tied around their waists , and taking a family bath in the car of a Ferris wheel .
One scene even shows roller coaster carriages filled with soothing spa water .
The video quickly attracted more than one million viewers and the mayor has confirmed the park will be built .
In a statement the mayor said : 'We were surprised by the rapid , speedy response , which allowed us to reach our target of one million views in just four days after the clip was uploaded to YouTube , ' according to RocketNews24 .
He added : 'I believe that , as one of the world ’ s best hot spring tourist spots , the appeal of having an onsen theme park in the town creates an opportunity for the citizens of Beppu , particularly young residents , to feel that “ Beppu is fun ” and have a sense of pride for their hometown . '
'We were n't expecting this many views , but we sure are happy , ' said Michitaka Kubota , a spokesman from Beppu 's tourist department told Japan Times .
Beppu has more hot springs than anywhere else in the world , with 83,058 liters of water flowing per minute .
And the town is trying to boost the number of non-Japanese tourists visiting Beppu .
In 2015 , the city attracted 437,764 foreign visitors , up from 278,776 in 2010 .
Commenters on social media were very excited about the proposed 'spa-musement ' park .
Twitter user Dan said : 'Spamusement will go down in history as our generation 's greatest achievement ' .
Landon Sperry added : 'GUYS ! They 're going to build this `` Spamusement '' park in Japan if they get to one million views ! Let 's do this ! '
Hilcorp , a private oil and natural gas exploration and production company based in Texas , is in the news for its unprecedented generosity towards employees . To celebrate an excellent year , CEO Jeff Hildebrand gave the entire company staff huge bonuses – $ 100,000 to each of the 1,381 workers ! It seems Santa is real after all .
“ It ’ s just a true gift , ” said receptionist Amanda Thompson , who has worked at Hilcorp for the past 10 years . “ And I think myself , as long as everyone else is not going to give any less than one hundred percent each day. ” With this kind of rewards , it ’ s really no wonder that the company was included in the FORTUNE list of 100 Best Companies to Work For , for the third year in a row .
“ Mr . Jeff Hildebrand , and our president Greg Lalicker , they are such amazing motivators , ” Thompson added . “ Somedays I just kind of look down the hall and say I can ’ t believe these are my bosses and they ’ re the best. ” She explained that Hildebrand and Lalicker had promised their employees a sizable bonus if Hilcorp ’ s size could be doubled in five years , and they kept that promise once that goal was reached .
“ We were all able to celebrate and enjoy that life changing day together , ” she said . “ We cried with happiness for each other , and hugged . Surreal . It was a surreal day it was a dream come true . It was likely a day that many people won ’ t experience in their lifetime and we did it all together . ”
But this isn ’ t the first time the employees enjoyed such a momentous occasion . Thompson said they were rewarded for reaching the same goal in 2010 – every employee got to choose between a $ 50,000-car or a $ 35,000 cash check . But this year ’ s reward is life-changingly huge , so much so that they ’ re now referring to it as ‘ Oprah Day ’ . Some of the workers are planning to use the bonus to retire early , while others are going to remodel their homes , pay for their children ’ s college tuition , and take vacations .
We ’ ve seen benevolent employers in the past – earlier this year , we wrote about Li Jinyuan , Chinese billionaire and chairman of Tiens Group , who took 6,400 of his workers on vacation to France , spending a whopping 33million euro on the trip .
The selfie stick did n't always look like this . The original patent was filed all the way back in 1984 , before cell phones were ubiquitous . Before the word `` selfie '' was even coined , let alone in the dictionary . The first selfie stick was neither as elegant nor as successful as the latest models .
The first selfie stick was invented by Hiroshi Ueda and Yujiro Mima , was called a `` telescopic extender for supporting compact camera , '' and looked a little something like this :
Not so elegant . Since there were n't any cell phones with cameras , let alone smartphones with front-facing digital ones , Ueda 's original product included a mirror so the user could see what they looked like as they took the photo .
Ueda , who worked for camera company Minolta when he invented the extender , held the patent until it ran out in 2003 according to the BBC .
`` My idea came too early , but that 's just one of those things . '' Ueda told the BBC . `` I patented about 300 ideas , so that was just one of them . We call it a 3am invention - it arrived too early . ''
In 2005 another inventor , Wayne Fromm , brought the selfie stick back with his patent for an `` apparatus for supporting a camera and method for using the apparatus . '' He called his product Quik Pod .
Fromm feels similarly to Ueda , in that he believes his product came at the wrong time , before smartphones were everywhere . “ The selfie stick today would not exist if it was not for me , ” Fromm told ReadWrite . Fromm is currently suing many different selfie stick creators for copyright infringement .
British universities are slipping down the world rankings , with experts blaming the decline on pressure to admit more disadvantaged students .
Cambridge University , which for many years was ranked the best in the world and for a decade held a place in the top three , has now dropped down to fifth place , according to the QS World University Rankings .
Overall , 51 of the UK ’ s 76 institutions have slipped down in the rankings since last year . The Russell Group members , which represents 24 of the UK 's most selective universities , including Oxford and Cambridge , saw 16 dropping down in the rankings .
Professor Alan Smithers , who is head of the centre for education and employment at the University of Buckingham , said that the decline was because “ universities are no longer free to take their own decisions and recruit the most talented students which would ensure top positions in league tables ” .
He said that instead , universities are forced to comply with “ all sorts of requirements in terms of the ethnic mix , the levels of income of the students and whether they come from low income areas ” .
Under the current fees system , any English university wishing to charge tuition fees of over around £6,000 must have an access agreement approved by Offa . This sets out what the university intends to do to recruit and retain youngsters who would not normally study for a degree .
Earlier this year , the higher education tsar warned that top universities must make more effort to accept poor students .
Les Ebdon , director of Offa said that the argument used by admissions tutors that disadvantaged students ’ grades are not high enough “ just doesn ’ t hold water ” , and criticised the Russell Group for suggesting that there is a limit on the numbers of poorer teenagers they can recruit .
Prof Smithers said that Britain ’ s top universities are under pressure to recruit more disadvantaged students , and that this “ has diverted their attention from really providing the subjects and the fields that they feel are the most appropriate and drawing in the best students ” .
“ If the premier league made all sorts of requirements about recruiting left footed and right footed players , the teams wouldn ’ t be quite as successful , ” he said .
“ This interference is getting in the way of the purpose of universities which is identifying the most talented students and taking them to the frontier of their subject , ” he said .
QS , which has compiled the global university rankings since 2004 , ranks institutions according to six metrics : academic reputation , employer reputation , faculty to student ratio , citations per faculty , the international faculty ratio and the international student ratio .
Dr Joanna Williams , a senior lecturer in higher education at the University of Kent , said : “ Universities are casting the net a lot wider and reaching out to more socially diverse groups , which is good .
“ But it means you can ’ t assume that students come in with a body of knowledge and you have to spend a certain amount of time bringing them up to standard ” . Dr Williams added that universities are giving lower A-level offers – not just to disadvantaged students but to all students – in order to fill places .
“ The assumptions you would have had in the past like telling students to go away and read the book or write the essay , are no longer there , ” she said . “ Universities are becoming more like schools in teaching style , and that removes a lot of the intellectual challenge . ”
Baroness Alison Wolf , a cross-bench peer and professor of public policy at King ’ s College London , said that while British universities are relatively well-funded , their American competitors have “ been spending more and more ” in recent years .
“ If we are slipping through the ranks it is partly that other countries are pouring money into higher education , ” she said . “ Governments all over the world are obsessed with the idea of having world class universities . ”
The top ten universities according to QS World University Rankings 2018
Lucky subway and taxi passengers in Beijing , Guangzhou and Shanghai might stumble upon a hidden book during their commutes .
The Fair , an online entertainment and publishing company , has dropped 10,000 books in spots on subway networks , passenger planes and Didi carpooling vehicles in all three cities to spark an interest in reading among the masses as part of its `` Mobook '' movement . Another 10,000 quotas have been arranged on the basis of a QR code system for book donors to join the campaign to drop their own books around the Chinese cities .
Pop singers , actors , writers , and TV hosts have also joined the campaign , sparking discussion about the `` Mobook '' campaign on microblog service Weibo .
The movement is inspired by `` Books on the Underground , '' a community project in London that aims to promote reading during commuting hours , according to Zhang Wei , CEO of The Fair .
`` Books on the Underground '' was not well-known in China until British actress Emma Watson partnered with the UK-based project to hide 100 novels on the London tube , which drew worldwide attention .
`` We had received multiple messages urging us to do something similar in China , '' said Zhang Wei .
After a week of preparation , he sent an email to Cordelia Oxley , director of `` Books on the Underground , '' describing his plan and explaining the rules of `` Mobook '' .
Zhang said Oxley replied to him in just two hours , saying that she thought the idea was great and offering help if needed .
`` Mobook '' is much more ambitious than its British predecessor . It aims to become a lasting book-sharing system rather than just a one-off campaign .
The uniqueness of `` Mobook '' lies in its online system . Everyone who wants to donate books must submit their titles online . QR code stickers are then sent to their address , which they attach to each book , allowing donors to keep track of who is reading their picks .
`` We want to make reading a fun and cool thing , '' Zhang said .
Tens of thousands of bookworms have already participated . `` Mobook '' became a hot topic on Wechat , and the 10,000 QR codes available for book donors were snatched up in just 5 hours .
Wen Ya , a brand manager , told Xinhua that he would like to hide a copy of `` The Catcher In The Rye '' on the subway . `` It 's a great idea and I am eager to share the book with strangers , '' he said .
However , the movement has been met with mixed feelings . Some think it 's a good move to nurture reading habits among Chinese people , but others suspect the campaign is just a publicity stunt for The Fair .
`` It must be exciting to find something as wonderful as a new book on your journey , '' said a WeChat user posting under the name Zhao .
Another Wechat commenter , Jiang Yunmei , suspected the campaign is just a celebrity spectacle , wasting resources that should have been devoted to helping children in poor areas .
Others were concerned that the floating library would just end up in recycling bins , as the books can be hard to spot in jammed subway cars .
Pictures of discarded books have already gone viral online , and there were comments saying passengers have ignored the books by sitting on top of them .
Zhang , however , remains confident about the movement . `` I ca n't say it 's a 100 percent failure nor a 100 percent success , but I am going to build it into a long-term project . ''
As for whether the movement will foster a love for reading among commuters , Zhang said that he is not an idealist , but it will make a difference if it becomes a long-running movement .
`` Our dream at the very beginning was that if we could encourage at least one more person to read in each subway carriage , then it would be a success . ''
Finally , the long-awaited flying car is almost here .
AeroMobil , a Slovakian company , plans to start selling its creation , the AeroMobil 3.0 , in 2017 .
The company claims on its site that the vehicle `` transforms in seconds from an automobile to an airplane '' by using `` existing infrastructure created for automobiles and planes . ''
The vehicle is gas-powered and has wings that fold , which allows it to be parked like a car , though it is nearly 20 feet long .
The company 's web site features a video where the AeroMobil 3.0 drives out of a hangar and goes down a highway , sharing the road with regular cars until it arrives at an airstrip . The car then unfolds its wings and takes off from a stretch of grass , rather than a paved tarmac , and flies through the air like any other small airplane .
AeroMobil spokesman Stefan Vadocz said his company has n't nailed down an exact price because it 's not ready yet .
`` The prototype is a work in progress , '' he said in an email . But he said to expect the price to be several hundreds of thousands of euros , somewhere in between a sports car and a light sports aircraft .
The vehicle seats two people -- the pilot and a passenger - and its single propeller is located to the rear of the plane .
The company said the car 's top speed on the road is at least 99 mph and while flying is at least 124 mph . It can fly for 435 miles before running out of gas .
It has a steel framework and carbon coating and is powered by a Rotax 912 , a four-cylinder aircraft engine from BRP of Austria .
Flying cars are n't exactly new . The concept has been around since long before `` The Jetsons '' popularized the idea in the 1960s . It 's been a regular topic in Popular Science ever since World War I ace Eddie Rickenbacker wrote about it in 1924 .
But getting a practical , reliable flying car off the ground has been a serious challenge .
Glenn Curtiss , a rival of the Wright Brothers , discovered this in 1918 when he developed the Curtiss Autoplane . It turned out to be more of a hopper than a flyer , so it failed to take off with the public .
The AeroMobil 3.0 has at least one competitor , the Terrafugia Transition , which also runs on gas and has folding wings . Terrafugia has said in the past that it plans to release the Transition into the market this year .
Dwayne Johnson has said that there is `` a real possibility '' that he will one day run for US president .
The wrestler-turned-actor , best known for his appearances in the Fast and the Furious franchise , made the comments during an interview with GQ in which he also criticised Donald Trump 's notorious travel ban .
Johnson , who has spoken previously about a possible career in politics , said that he began to consider the prospect of a presidential run after reading an article in the Washington Post that suggested him as a viable candidate .
`` A year ago it started coming up more and more , '' he said . `` There was a real sense of earnestness , which made me go home and think , 'Let me really rethink my answer and make sure I am giving an answer that is truthful and also respectful . ' ''
Johnson , who did not declare allegiances to either the Democrats or Republicans , said his campaign would be built on cooperation and inclusion .
`` ( If I did n't agree with someone ) on something , I would n't shut them out . I would actually include them , '' he said . `` The first thing we 'd do is we 'd come and sit down and we 'd talk about it . I ( would ) take responsibility for everyone . Especially when you disagree with me . If there 's a large number of people disagreeing , there might be something I 'm not seeing , so let me see it . Let me understand it . ''
Johnson was reluctant to criticise Trump , saying that it was `` hard to categorise right now how I think he 's doing '' . He did , however , condemn the administration 's attempt to ban entry to the US from several Muslim-majority countries .
`` I completely disagree with it , '' Johnson said . `` I believe in our national security to the core , but I do n't believe in a 'ban ' that bans immigrants . I believe in inclusion . Our country was built on that , and it continues to be made strong by that . And the decision felt like a snap judgment … Within 24 hours , we saw a 'tail effect ' . It grew to heartache , it grew to a great deal of pain , it grew to a great deal of confusion , and it had a lot of people scrambling . ''
Johnson also revealed that he was approached by the presidential campaigns of both Trump and Hillary Clinton for an endorsement , but declined the offers .
`` I feel like I 'm in a position now where my word carries a lot of weight and influence , which of course is why they want the endorsement , '' he said . `` But I also have a tremendous amount of respect for the process and felt like if I did share my political views publicly , a few things would happen . I felt like it would either make people unhappy with the thought of whatever my political view was . And , also , it might sway an opinion , which I did n't want to do . ''
Johnson 's most recent film , The Fate of the Furious ( titled Fast and Furious 8 outside the US ) , was released in April and has grossed over $ 1bn ( £917m ) at the global box office .
Entertainment One , the company that owns Peppa Pig , has announced it is working on a new series of the popular pre-school cartoon .
It expects 117 episodes to be aired around the world from the spring of 2019 .
The new series of cartoons will be made by the format 's original creators , Astley Baker Davies .
Entertainment One has a majority stake in the animation studio and has helped make Peppa Pig a global brand .
In the 2016 financial year , the franchise generated more than $ 1.1bn of retail sales , while almost 500 new and renewed broadcast and licensing agreements were concluded .
In Entertainment One 's March 2017 trading update , Peppa Pig retail revenues in the US totalled more than $ 200m in 2016 , supported by more than 65 licensing partners .
The children 's programme is also proving increasingly popular in China , where it has generated more than 24.5bn views on multiple subscription video-on-demand platforms .
Entertainment One said this was fuelling demand for the brand 's licensing and merchandising programme to be rolled out in China this year .
A toy manufacturer in Brazil is launching a new line of toys which are due to go on sale in August 2017 .
It said licensing in Russia had `` accelerated at a significant pace '' and the licensing programme now had 40 partners signed across toy , games and confectionary .
Last year , the Canadian-based firm rejected an offer of more than £1bn from ITV , which it said undervalued the company .
It is increasingly making its own content , in keeping with other media companies such as Netflix and Amazon .
On Thursday , it announced a joint venture with Brad Weston , who ran the company that made the Oscar-winning film The Revenant , as part of a drive to produce more original movies .
Entertainment One also owns more than 40,000 film and television titles , including last year 's Oscar-winning Spotlight and AMC drama , Fear the Walking Dead .
`` The 8,761 documents and files were obtained from an isolated , high-security network at the CIA 's Center for Cyber Intelligence in Langley , Va , '' WikiLeaks says .
Apple 's iPhone , Google 's Android , Microsoft 's Windows and Samsung smart TVs were among CIA targets . The TVs can be placed in a `` fake off '' mode , so the owner falsely believes the TV is off when it is on .
`` In 'fake off ' mode the TV operates as a bug , recording conversations in the room and sending them over the Internet to a covert CIA server , '' WikiLeaks says .
`` Still working through the publication , but what @ Wikileaks has here is genuinely a big deal . Looks authentic , ''
`` These ( leaks ) appear to be very , very serious , '' House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes , R-Calif. , told reporters at a briefing . `` We are extremely concerned , and we are following it closely . ''
The CIA issued a statement declining comment on the `` purported '' documents .
The FBI opened a federal criminal investigation into the WikiLeaks disclosure on Tuseday , Fox News confirmed .
Apple 's statement was the most detailed , saying it had already addressed some of the vulnerabilities .
`` Our products and software are designed to quickly get security updates into the hands of our customers , with nearly 80 % of users running the latest version of our operating system . '' it said .
`` While our initial analysis indicates that many of the issues leaked today were already patched in the latest iOS , we will continue work to rapidly address any identified vulnerabilities . ''
`` We always urge customers to download the latest iOS to make sure they have the most recent security update . ''
`` Protecting consumers ' privacy and the security of our devices is a top priority at Samsung , '' it said . We are aware of the report in question and are urgently looking into the matter . ''
Heather Adkins , Google 's Director of Information Security and Privacy , said that it was `` confident that security updates and protections in both Chrome and Android already shield users from many of these alleged vulnerabilities , '' that its analysis of remaining security flaws was ongoing , and that it would `` implement any further necessary protections . ''
`` We are aware of the report and are looking into it , '' a spokesman from Microsoft said .
`` Linux is a very widely used operating system , with a huge installed base all around the world , so it is not surprising that state agencies from many countries would target Linux along with the many closed source platforms that they have sought to compromise , '' Nicko van Someren , chief technology officer at The Linux Foundation told the BBC .
`` ( But ) rapid release cycles enable the open source community to fix vulnerabilities and release those fixes to users faster . ''
1 . The cruelest catch .
`` My ex said he was busy doing stuff with his family , so I went out drinking with my single friends - and saw him in a bar I used to work at with another girl . I went in and bought a pint just to pour it all over him . ''
2 . The rose ruse .
`` Received a bunch of roses and a teddy bear in the post on Valentine 's Day . No idea who they were from . The next day , my ex messaged me , 'hope you enjoyed the day thinking that someone actually likes you . They were from me ' . At least the roses were expensive and pretty . ''
3 . The stopover .
`` My long-distance internet boyfriend of several years surprised me with a visit to my college dorm on February 13 . It was the first time we met in person . We spent the day kissing and cuddling until I invited him to spend the night . Then he told me that he was actually just stopping through Illinois on his way to New York , where he was moving to live with his actual girlfriend . ''
4 . The Harry Potter horror .
`` My boyfriend planned for us to take a Harry Potter studio tour in London . The night before , he tells my friend he does n't think he loves me . The next morning he says he 's 'going to get breakfast ' before we have to leave for the train and he never comes back . I did n't hear from him for two days and still have n't had a chance to go to the studio . ''
5 . The fake out .
`` As a teen , I never got a valentine , while other girls at school would show off huge cards , teddies and chocolates . One year I had enough and wrote myself a fake card , and took it in .
But I struggle badly with lying , and in my guilt it all elaborated and elaborated until by 3pm I had been engaged , cheated on , and dumped , and was setting fire to the card on the school pathway shouting `` you cheat ! You cheat ! It 's over ! ! '' while I stamped all over it .
But no one cared anyway and the whole school of 700 students just trundled boredly past except for one withering 'grow up , Jenny ' . ''
6 . The Nick nod .
`` I was casually seeing this guy and we decided to spend Valentine 's Day together . We had a really nice evening that ended in us doing the deed .
After , he turned to me and said 'I really fancy someone . ' I thought he was being coy and was referring to me , so with a smile on my face I said 'oh yeah ? Who ? '
He replied with 'his name is Nick . ' My name is not Nick . ''
7 . The bar tab abuser .
`` I was dating a guy on and off and we were 'on again ' right before Valentine 's Day . We went to a very nice dinner and he paid . Later , we went out for drinks at our favorite bar and I opened a tab . Thirty minutes later , he disappeared and I found him talking to another girl . When I went up to them , he acted like he did n't know me and told me to leave them alone . When I closed my tab , the bill was over $ 200 even though I only had two drinks . The bartender ended up telling me he had purchased multiple drinks for other girls on my tab . Needless to say , we were never 'on again ' after that . ''
8 . The cupcake thief .
`` I spent all day baking red velvet cupcakes for my boyfriend . I went over to his place with these cupcakes in my hand , and his family around , and he looks at me and says 'I do n't think this is going to work out . ' He took the cupcakes out of my hands , pushed me out the door , and locked it . I was too shocked to even do anything but leave . I ended up going to the movies by myself because I already bought the tickets . ''
9 . The poem problem .
`` When I was in 6th grade I had a HUGE crush on a boy . Valentine 's Day rolled around and there was a big dance for the sixth graders . I decided to write him a poem . In front of the entire class , I asked my English teacher to proofread it ( she did so in private ) , and then I asked my friend to give it to him . Apparently he stood up in front of his ENTIRE CLASS , read it out loud , and threw it in the recycling bin . At least he recycled it and did n't throw it away . ¯\_ ( ツ ) _/¯ ''
10 . The ol ' switcheroo .
`` My boyfriend said “ I love you ” for the first time on Valentine 's Day while we were having sex . Romantic ? Not so much . He prefaced it with I love ( insert female best friend 's name here ) . ``
Leaders of more than 20 countries will attend a high-level Belt and Road Initiative forum in Beijing in May , joining more than 50 leaders of international organizations , 100 ministerial representatives and a total of 1,200 guests across the world .
The initiative not only belongs to China , it also belongs to the world . The benefit of the initiative will be shared by the whole world . It has become the most popular international public product and the best international cooperation forum by far since President Xi Jinping proposed it over three years ago .
Facing the rising protectionism and unilateralism , the Belt and Road Initiative is a common cause that requires all countries to roll up their sleeves , which will push the world economy to achieve a rebalance in an inclusive way that will benefit all . And it will become an important practice to build a human community with shared destiny .
There is no reason why China and the US could n't become excellent partners , as long as we act on the consensus reached by our presidents , follow the principles of no-conflict , no-confrontation , mutual respect and win-win cooperation .
A Chinese saying goes that `` when turning 30 , one should be able to stand firm ; when entering 40 , one should no longer have any doubts '' . We hope China and the US can truly rise above the old ideas , open up new horizons and build a more robust and mature relationship as it turns 40 , so that we can put the minds of our two peoples and the whole world at ease .
It ’ s like two accelerating trains coming towards each other with neither side willing to give way . Are the two sides really ready for a head-on collision ? The priority is to flash the red light and apply the brakes .
The Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( DPRK ) may suspend its nuclear and missile activities in exchange for the suspension of large-scale U.S.-Republic of Korea ( ROK ) military exercises . This will help the parties to break out of the security dilemma and return to the negotiating table . We may follow the dual-track approach of denuclearizing the peninsula on the one hand and establishing a peace mechanism on the other .
The China-Russia-US relationship in the new era should not be a seesaw game , and the three countries should work with each other rather than against each other . We should pursue win-win rather than zero-sum outcomes .
We believe that the three countries can develop a healthy and positive relationship so that they can jointly fulfill their responsibilities for world peace and development .
There is no basis in the international law for the Taiwan region to establish or maintain the so-called diplomatic relations with any country since such relations have no legitimacy and future . `` The Taiwan authorities should clearly recognize this major trend : no one and no force can block the eventual and complete reunification of China .
Deploying THAAD is a wrong move . This is not the way for neighbors to treat each other . It may very well make the ROK less secure .
China strongly advised the ROK to halt the deployment of THAAD and not stray any farther down the wrong path , `` otherwise the ROK will only end up hurting themselves and others .
China and Africa have a shared future with a relationship of mutual help as two brothers . Regardless of the international situation , there will be no weakening in China 's support for Africa .
Over the past year , tides have risen and fallen and the South China Sea has returned to calm . I would go further than saying it has come down somewhat , and say the situation has come down visibly . This is result of joint efforts of China and ASEAN countries and is welcoming news for the region and the world .
While some people in the world believe in Alfred Mahan ’ s theory of controlling the seas , the Chinese people prefer the approach taken by Zheng He and value maritime cooperation . In the 21st century , we would like to see more maritime cooperation and greater trust between parties . Even between China and the United States , if we change our mindset , and the vast oceans may become a broad stage for our cooperation .
The turnaround in China-Philippines relations has scattered the doubt clouds over China-ASEAN relations . Last year marks the 25th anniversary of China-ASEAN Dialogue relations , and this year marks the 50th anniversary of ASEAN ’ s founding . The silver anniversary and the golden anniversary are especially auspicious for regional cooperation . We must seize the opportunities . China will support the Philippines in fulfilling its responsibilities as the ASEAN chair and we will help ASEAN build its community .
The new media have built a two-way bridge between the foreign ministry and the general public . It has made China ’ s diplomacy more down to earth and better understood by our people .
Serving the people is a binding goal of China ’ s diplomacy . Going forward , we will make greater use of new media to set up more antennas to pick up public opinion , operate more “ through trains ” to provide direct service for the people , and offer more lifelines of consular support .
Breaking up sucks . Unless she banged another dude or wronged you enough to make the decision a no-brainer , it ’ s such a daunting task to more-or-less tell someone “ you ’ re just not good enough for me ” or “ I just want to get some strange. ” But you owe it to her , the relationship , and your manhood to sack up and tell her your heart is no longer in it . Or not lolz . Because an Australian service called “ Sorry It ’ s Over ” will do that for you .
Kristy Mazins , the 37-year-old creator of the service , was previously a bedside nurse , which she claims has given her the ability to use the right words in tense situations .
Kirsty told Mamamia : “ People don ’ t like the confrontation . People are scared of it . It ’ s a much needed service because it takes the fear out of breaking up . ”
For just $ 5.50 , she will send a text or email to your ex-partner to be . For an increased charge , she will even send a box of tissues or flowers . And for her premium package , she will send a human being in place of your passive-aggressive ass to cut ties with your partner .
She says her clients give her a general outline of what they want to say and she will add a little spice “ if needed . ”
The service is currently only available in Australia at the moment but if successful , it could make its way over to the States .
A hospital has been forced to ban Pokemon Go players from the site after a monster hub was found in the A & amp ; E department .
Royal Stoke University Hospital discovered that its casualty unit is on the same spot as a Pokemon Go ‘ gym ’ – where players can train their newly caught Nintendo creatures .
The University Hospitals of North Midlands Trust agreed last week that patients can play Pokemon Go on wards because walking around is healthy . But the trust has been forced to post a warning on its website about public access to A & amp ; E .
It said if Pokemon Go becomes a major nuisance it would ask Nintendo - which decides on the locations of the virtual gyms according using GPS - to have it removed from the premises .
Kevin Parker , associate chief nurse , said : ‘ Members of the public who do not need to be at Royal Stoke should not attempt to enter A & amp ; E or any other part of the hospital building to play the game . The A & amp ; E department is incredibly busy this summer .
‘ We want the public to understand that anybody who visits the hospital solely to play the game will provide an unwanted distraction to the important work of the hospital . I ’ m also aware of various reports in the media of unsafe areas that the game has been played in .
‘ Royal Stoke University Hospital is a safe area where gamers can enjoy Pokemon Go . ’
Michelle Harris , the trust ’ s sustainability manager , said the game could still be played by those already in hospital .
'We recognise that the Pokemon GO game encourages walking and exercise , which is something that the Trust is equally keen to promote , ' she said .
'There are a number of `` walking routes '' established throughout the Trust that can be used to combine walking and playing the game .
'Walking just 30 minutes , five times a week , can help reduce the risk of preventable illnesses such as obesity , diabetes , and heart disease . '
There have been several warnings about the game since its UK release .
Last week a group of teenagers in Wiltshire were left stranded almost 100ft underground after they got carried away searching for Pokemon Go characters .
The four boys , aged 16 and 17 , ended up getting lost and had to wait to get a phone signal before they could call for help .
Eventually , they contacted Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue team , who took them to safety . Damien Bence , of the fire and rescue team , said : ‘ Pokemon Go is obviously leading people into dangerous situations . ’
Three students were also robbed of their phones as they played Pokemon GO in Manchester , after the suspects used a ‘ beacon ’ to encourage other players to head to a specific venue .
After that incident , Detective Superintendent Joanne Rawlinson , from Greater Manchester Police 's public protection division , urged players to be cautious about alerting strangers to their locations .
A player also sparked outrage after she called 999 to tell police that someone had stolen one of her virtual monsters .
Some people seem like they were born to excel . They ’ re gifted physically , intellectually or artistically , and it appears as if they just float to the top .
But don ’ t be fooled . However gifted someone may be , he or she still had to develop those talents to achieve a lofty professional position . And that ’ s good news for the rest of us . Each one of us has our own skills and talents , and we too can develop them and propel ourselves into positions of influence .
Here are seven ways to enhance those talents :
1 . Develop your critical decision-making skills .
Decision-making is a top leadership competency because it pops up everywhere , from the simple choice of where to hold a staff meeting to the strategic options of where to spend marketing dollars . These decisions impact the people in the next cubicle , but they may also affect a subsidiary halfway across the globe or an entire country .
Decisiveness is not a trait we ’ re born with -- it ’ s a skill that can be learned . To master it , analyze your process of critical decision-making to spot weak links in your reasoning and to recognize unconscious biases for or against something or someone . While we can ’ t control outcomes , we can shape the process that sets them in motion .
2 . Learn to make a solid argument .
You may never address the United Nations Security Council or testify before Congress , but everyone should be able to put together a coherent argument . That skill is critically and frequently useful -- in high-stakes conversations , in presentations , in question-and-answer sessions and in other discussions with decision-makers or anyone else who represents a certain viewpoint or asks you to explain yours .
To argue means to give reasons . It means defending and promoting your choices against the contrary arguments of equally adept influencers . Take what you ’ ve learned in school and build on that base with private instruction and directed reading on the relevant subject . You ’ ll find that your ability to think critically and analyze others ’ arguments will dramatically increase your influence on their choices .
3 . Become a storyteller .
Storytelling has been a premier tool in influencing people across cultures and eras . Influencers tell stories for strategic purposes . From motivating people to act , to teaching , to reducing resistance and changing minds , a well-told narrative is a formidable force , often far more powerful than the mere recitation of complex financial or technical facts .
Numbers and figures are important , but when it comes to showing their relationship to any issue , large or small , a strategic narrative wrapped around the digits will deliver the message better and more memorably than anything else .
After you master the data , ask yourself : Is there a way to put a human face on my message ? Are there real-life examples that will help me make my point in a way others can relate to ?
4 . Hone your speaking skills .
When many of us think of influential people , we often think of those who were great speakers , such as John F. Kennedy , Ronald Reagan and Steve Jobs , as well as contemporaries such as Michelle Obama and Sheryl Sandberg . While many influencers operate effectively behind the scenes , those with the ability , the drive and the courage to speak persuasively have an additional source of powerful leverage .
Like decision-making skills , speaking skills are in high demand . Every day in myriad organizations , corporations and schools , vast numbers of presenters strive to capture the imaginations of workers and executives and students in order to drive an agenda forward . Yet many people fear speaking in public , giving in to a panic that closes a heavy door on a fast track to success and influence .
Do not shy away from speaking opportunities . Hone your message and delivery skill by repeatedly putting yourself in front of an audience , gather feedback , make adjustments , rinse and repeat . Summon the courage to speak and accept discomfort as a natural part of learning and growing . Start in smaller settings first , and then build up from there . There ’ s no limit to where your influence can grow with this skill .
5 . Have a basic understanding of current events .
You can ’ t have an intelligent conversation with your peers and clients if you ’ re stumped when faced with everyday topics such as the election , taxes , budget deficits , interest rates , markets , unemployment and the meaning of all these things to the average citizen . You don ’ t need to be an expert on these topics , but you do need a basic understanding of them .
Influence is about shaping opinion , and embarrassing holes in everyday knowledge -- the kind that force you to awkwardly steer conversations into friendlier waters -- can significantly dampen your 360-degree influencing efforts . To fill these gaps , set aside a particular time each day to learn what ’ s in the news . Make it a daily habit . It will require no more than 20 minutes .
Test your knowledge and wit by engaging friends and colleagues in the salient topics of the day and see how far you get and whether you ’ re able to make a well-informed point that you can back up . It ’ s a low-risk strategy that allows you to gather feedback in real time with the opportunity to fill gaps just as quickly , with hundreds of news sources just a few clicks away on your smartphone .
Build your knowledge incrementally and notice how others will start coming to you for information , which is , after all , a major source of influence .
6 . Think like a leader .
Influence is most obvious when it happens at the front of the pack . While influence can arise from any position , it is also from a position of leadership that it can make the most impact .
The most successful companies develop their high-potential leaders from within . If you ’ re lucky enough to work for a leadership-development powerhouse such as GE , IBM or P & amp ; G , you ’ ve got it made , because everyone else is going to woo you to come on board with them and practice what you ’ ve learned .
If you don ’ t work for one of those great firms , if your company simply doesn ’ t have the resources or if you ’ re just out of school , volunteer to head up something such as a community project , a fundraiser or anything where you can test your mettle for making difficult decisions , setting strategy and motivating people toward a goal while keeping an eye on available resources .
Volunteering is an excellent start for leadership training , as is mentoring others and helping them achieve their goals . The number-one leadership rule to keep in mind : help others become successful ! Your altruistic efforts are sure to influence decision-makers around you to pencil you in for a bigger job when the opportunity comes along .
7 . Understand communication technology .
It ’ s the 21st century , and even 5 year olds know about Twitter , Facebook and the latest multimedia platforms . Social media have secured a big foothold and they ’ re here to stay . If you don ’ t have an ongoing online dialogue with your customers or if you need a 19 year old to show you the ropes every time you log on to your website ’ s forum , you ’ re behind .
Business is online , and customers and recruiters are looking for you to be present . Google yourself right now , and if the search produces 25 other people with your name -- but not you -- it ’ s time to dive in headfirst . For the majority of people with whom you ’ ll come in contact , your reputation and perceived influence start with what they can find about you on the Internet .
Each individual , even those gifted people who seem to float easily to corporate heights , need to work on the skills that enable and enhance influence . If you develop these competencies , you will watch your influence soar .
An online petition urging Barack Obama to stand in the French election has attracted more than 42,000 supporters .
Campaign posters reading `` Oui , on peut '' - a translation of the former US president 's popular 2008 campaign slogan , `` Yes , we can '' - have appeared around Paris .
Mr Obama is not a French citizen and is thus ineligible to run .
But those behind the prank say the point is to highlight the lack of inspirational candidates .
Their message to the candidates , one of the organizers told the BBC , is : `` Hey guys , you really do n't make us dream . ''
French voters go to the polls on 23 April , and , unless one polls more than 50 % in the first round , they will return on 7 May to decide between the two frontrunners .
A dominant figure in the campaign has been far-right leader Marine Le Pen , who has benefited from claims of financial wrongdoing which have swirled around the campaign of her centre-right rival Francois Fillon since late January , culminating last week in the announcement that a magistrate was launching a formal inquiry into the claims .
Current opinion polls give her a lead of several percentage points over Mr Fillon and centrist Emmanuel Macron - though both of her rivals are predicted to beat her in a two-way runoff .
Ms Le Pen may be backed by a greater number of French voters than ever , but her enduring toxicity for many of the rest means the campaign has been dominated by a negative message , say commentators : How can we keep her out ?
It is this , in part , that the organizers of the Obama2017 campaign - Parisians in their 30s - are reacting to .
`` It 's still possible to vote for a president and not against a candidate , '' their website reasons .
`` We are anti-political , we are not against any candidate in particular , but we are not a big fan of any of them . [ This campaign is ] a way to say 'Guys , eh wake up - you are uncool , and this campaign is uncool - we 'd rather have Obama ' , '' said one of the organizers .
The viral take-off of the campaign caught them by surprise - but the French media , said the organiser , has failed to get the joke .
`` They are very annoyed , people take it all too seriously , '' he said , adding that even the left-leaning newspaper Liberation ended a short piece on the campaign on a sniffy note : `` If that 's what amuses them ... ''
`` We want this to stay on the joke level , '' he says .
If you weep at the thought of a White House without Barack Obama , take comfort in Netflix 's new original biopic about the future POTUS as a 20-year-old college student .
Barry follows the young ambitious Barack - called Barry by his pals - as he navigates the gritty , crime-ridden New York City of the early 1980s .
Barry , played by Australian actor Devon Terrell , arrives in the city as a junior at Columbia University .
The trailer highlights Obama 's sense of displacement as a child of a white mother from rural Kansas and a black father from Kenya .
It also shows him indulging in a few things we do n't normally associate with the buttoned-up POTUS : dancing sensuously at a nightclub with a young lady who is not Michelle Obama , hanging out on graffiti-scarred street corners and inside smoky tenement hallways , and lounging shirtless in bed with a cigarette dangling from his mouth .
Throughout the trailer , the theme of Obama 's 'otherness ' from his classmates is clear - he 's of mixed race , he 's not into the club scene , and he probably studies just a bit harder than most of them .
'What is your scene ? ' a young woman asks the doe-eyed Barry .
'I 'm trying to figure that out , ' he says .
When he tells a man that he is part Kansas , part Kenyan , the man says : 'That makes you American . '
And there are flashes of the idealism that would propel the Democrat to the highest political office in the world : 'I believe people create change , ' he says .
It might be a shock for some to see Barack sans Michelle - at this stage of life , his girlfriend is Charlotte , a wealthy young lady from Connecticut , played by Anya Taylor-Joy , a composite of Obama 's college girlfriends , including Genevieve Cook .
The movie is directed by Vikram Gandhi and was written by Adam Mansbach .
Barry , which received rave reviews at the Toronto Film Festival , premieres December 16 .
The long awaited La Nina , which was first predicted by the Climate Prediction Center ( CPC ) back in April , has finally arrived in the Pacific Ocean , NOAA announced Thursday -- and it 's expected to stick around through the winter .
La Nina conditions , which are characterized by below-normal sea surface temperatures in the tropical Pacific , were observed during October and have persisted into November -- prompting the CPC to raise the ENSO Alert System from a La Nia Watch to a La Nia Advisory .
La Nina , much like its warmer counterpart , El Nino , have far reaching global impacts extending beyond the Pacific Ocean .
For the United States , NOAA forecasters say the current La Nina will `` likely contribute to drier and warmer weather in the southern US and wetter , cooler conditions in the Pacific Northwest and across to the northern tier of the nation this winter . ''
This is bad news for the southeast , which is currently seeing an expanding and worsening drought .
Following an autumn that had well above-average temperatures and scant rainfall has left more than 20 % of the region in an Extreme or Exceptional Drought , the two highest designations in the US Drought Monitor .
This is a 10-fold increase from the severity of the drought in early August , with northern Alabama and northern Georgia facing the worst of the drought conditions .
La Nina `` is likely to contribute to persisting or developing drought across much of the southern US this winter , '' said Mike Halpert , deputy director of the Climate Prediction Center .
The predicted arrival of La Nina largely influenced the CPC 's US Winter Outlook released in October .
Fortunately , the current La Nina is weak and is expected to stay that way through the winter .
This should keep the impact from being as severe as what was seen globally with 2015 's record-setting El Nino , which saw deadly drought in Asia and helped make it the hottest year on record .
It will be interesting to see if this La Nina can slow down the rapidly rising global temperatures and prevent 2016 from outpacing 2015 and becoming the third consecutive hottest year for the planet .
China will begin blacklisting and punishing officials who interfere in judicial activities , under plans approved by the country 's top reform planning committee on Friday .
The new system will act as a `` firewall '' to safeguard the independence of judicial departments , said a statement issued after a meeting of the Central Leading Group for Comprehensively Continuing Reform .
It forms part of a broader legal reform package adopted by a key session of the Communist Party of China Central Committee in October .
Party and government officials bear an important responsibility for realizing the rule of law in China , and should refrain from meddling with judicial investigations and trials , the statement said .
It said that officials ' clean records in this regard will be a key index in their performance assessments , but provided no further details on how the system will function .
Christmas is n't just for humans ; at London Zoo , the animals are given presents to enjoy .
On Thursday morning , animals including the tigers and meerkats were given festive treats .
Six-month-old Sumatran tiger cubs Achilles and Karis woke up to a pile of presents to rip open .
It seems there was nothing inside the presents , but cat-owners know they often prefer wrapping paper and cardboard boxes to presents within , no matter how expensive the gift you chose for them was .
The Zoo ’ s meerkats were given pinecone baubles stuffed with festive veg to munch on . |
These were hanging on a Christmas tree in their enclosure .
ZSL ’ s Zoological Manager Mark Habben said : “ We love a bit of festive cheer at ZSL London Zoo , and like to find fun ways for the animals to join in the festivities .
“ We ’ ve come up with a variety of activities to encourage them to use their natural skills , like foraging or sniffing out their next meal .
`` Our tiger cubs loved using their newly learnt hunting prowess to rip open their presents , while our meerkats searched for their treats under the tree - just like kids all over the country on Christmas day . ”
Another London animal who has been enjoying the festive season is Larry , the Number 10 cat . He has been seen sitting proudly underneath the Downing Street Christmas tree .
Passengers on Moscow 's underground system can now access a toilet for the first time - but only at one station .
The single `` bio toilet '' has been installed on a platform at Prospekt Mira metro station , about 3km ( 1.8 miles ) north of Red Square , and is free to use , the Tass news agency reports . Passengers access the new loo using their travel cards , and the cubicle has sensors to alert people if they leave any possessions behind . There 's also an alarm which sounds if someone has been inside more than 15 minutes , the report says .
The city 's huge metro system serves about seven million people per day across 196 stations , and travellers have long called for toilets to be installed . Above-ground public facilities in the Russian capital are few and far between , often dirty and usually charge a fee .
The new toilet is being billed as environmentally friendly and metro officials say other travellers wo n't be troubled by any leaks or smells . `` It 's a self-contained unit that does n't need connection to sewage or water mains , '' says Ivan Ostashko , the metro 's public relations chief . Whether this is the beginning of an underground toilet revolution is n't yet clear - the Prospekt Mira cubicle is just a pilot . `` We 'll study the results of this trial and decide whether to install toilets at other stations , '' Mr Ostashko says .
Can you remember the first time you spoke in front of a group ? My own `` first '' happened in front of 30 people . My hands were shaking , my legs trembling . “ G-g-g-g-good morning everyone . Today I will talk about… ”
After that failure , I did whatever it took to overcome my fear of public speaking . I read books on presentations.I watched TED talks . I worked with public speaking coaches .
Fast-forward a few months , to when I spoke in front of 200 people . I was still nervous about public speaking but I knew the audience wanted me to succeed . So , instead of focusing on my own fears , I focused on serving my audience . And in that way I became a confident speaker .
I 've since discovered three simple steps to becoming a confident speaker , and created the Expressive Leader System . I teach these steps to thousands of business leaders , helping them to speak with confidence and make a bigger impact .
Apply these three simple steps so you too will become a confident speaker :
1 . Prepare .
While preparing for my speech , I was at a loss about what I should say . Hall of Fame speaker Patricia Fripp later asked me , “ If you could have one sentence instead of the entire talk , what would you say ? ”
My message was , “ Go for your dreams and never give up. ” Using that as a guide , I came up with personal stories that people could relate to . In just minutes , I wrote an entire memorable speech .
The takeaway : Create a clear overall message so you know exactly what to say .
2 . Practice , with a coach .
Practice doesn ’ t always make perfect . But practice augmented by coaching will help you greatly improve . I wanted to have a powerful voice , so I worked with celebrity voice coach Roger Love . He has a track record of having worked with successful entrepreneurs , including Tony Robbins and Suze Orman .
So , with Love 's help , I learned to do voice exercises before speaking , to warm up my voice . The more I practiced , the more confident I became . I now have a powerful voice .
The takeaway : If you want to practice public speaking more effectively , get coaching .
3 . Perform .
Confident speakers are performers . They express ideas effectively and confidently .
I once had to speak in front of a group of CEOs over age 50 . I worried that they might say , “ You 're too young . You 're not qualified to speak here. ” And then I remembered what Richard Branson had taught me : “ Picture you 're talking to friends in the living room . ”
I arrived at the venue early . I talked to audience members : “ Hi , I 'm Jonathan , it 's good to meet you. ” Once I was on stage , people no longer thought of me as a stranger . I was a friend .
After the talk , people said , “ Jonathan , I liked your talk . Can you be my public speaking coach ? ”
The takeaway : Picture yourself talking to friends in your living room , so you will be more relaxed and in control .
How do any of us become confident speakers ? Prepare , practice , perform .
The plenary sessions of the National People 's Congress ( NPC ) and the National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) , popularly known as the two sessions , kicked off recently . Feng Jicai , a famed author , and a CPPCC member , talked to The Beijing News , and shared his views on cultural issues .
Learning culture is mainly about experiencing culture
1 . I know that your proposal this year is about strengthening primary school and middle school students ' participation and experience in traditional life and culture . Then in which forms are traditional culture presented ?
Feng : Traditional culture is presented in two forms . One is ancient classics , which can be put in textbooks . I remember that when we recited poetry in our childhood , the artistic conception portrayed in the poem was engraved deeply in our minds .
The other is culture in life . For example , during each Spring Festival , we exclaim that the new year atmosphere is disappearing , and young people are detaching from tradition . If we put Qingming Festival , Duanwu Festival into textbooks , then will young people get more interested in the traditional festivals ? It is very important to capture their interest first through education .
2 . So how does one arouse their interest to get closer to traditional culture ?
Feng : Take an example , the Qingming Festival , which is drawing near . If we put it in a textbook , that will include an introduction to the festival 's customs , such as tomb sweeping in memory of the deceased . In ancient times , it was also a festival celebrating the early spring , with people taking spring outings , picking willows , flying kites , and swinging . If you explain this to children , they only know it as a concept without any feeling and experiencing . But if you take children outdoors to experience these things , they will learn to cherish nature and life .
Do n't expect the public to love poetry after watching a few TV shows
3 . The cultural TV shows such as Chinese Poetry Conference and Readers are getting popular these days , have you ever watched the shows ?
Feng : That 's good . While it is only a beginning and an attempt , it can spark people 's interests in ancient Chinese poetry on a certain level . Do n't expect too much from just a few TV shows . Culture influences people mainly through influencing their souls and temperaments , and not just by making a few TV shows to catch the public 's eye .
4 . What is the authentic influence of culture ?
Feng : As an NPC member , I proposed before that China should set up a Cultural Heritage Day . I know this from France , and each year on this day , all the museums in France are free , and all schools and communities encourage people to get close to cultural heritage .
I even participated in a poetry reading event in a community in Austria . I was exhibiting my paintings at a house in the suburbs where my Chinese friend was reading poetry , and then local residents also came to read their poetry or perform a folk song , all spontaneously . If people have such cultural self-consciousness , the whole nation 's culture and civilization can be activated .
5 . It sounds beautiful . When can we have such cultural self-consciousness ?
Feng : This will be a long process . We ca n't forget Chinese culture 's roots , but we can absorb the essence of foreign culture . The artistic cultivation of a person needs a slow process which ca n't be accomplished with quick action .
6 . Will the popular cultural TV shows help ?
Feng : It wo n't work for all . I know almost all the poetry in the show , so it works a little on me . Some people have little interest in poetry , and the shows wo n't work on him , either . It 's easy to only concentrate on popular things now . However , art and culture have abundant connotations .
7 . How should we foster the public 's cultural self-consciousness ?
Feng : I think that to develop traditional culture , one not only needs the opening of national museums , but also needs more opening of private museums . Foundations and people from all walks of life should develop the culture together , to make people have more immaterial pursuits , instead of focusing only on making more money .
Culture is fundamentally people-oriented and exists to enrich people 's inner mind . People should learn art , and learn to experience life in a beautiful way . Some people have said this is too luxurious . I replied that if we never bring luxury in enjoying the beauty of our culture , then we are being too materialistic .
One elementary school had decided to do away with boys ' and girls ' bathrooms . There will now just be bathrooms .
Miraloma Elementary in San Francisco , California is busy doing away with its gender assigned bathrooms and making them gender neutral for their young students . Principal Sam Bass said the change was in part due to eight students who do not fit into traditional gender norms - and range from tomboys to transgender .
The school began removing the circles and stick-figure signs from restrooms at the start of this school year , according to SF Gate . The bathrooms in kindergarten and first-grade classrooms at Miraloma , as well as a centralized bathroom , are gender-neutral .
The school will phase in the other restrooms used by older children over the next few years , including outside bathrooms with multiple stalls . 'There ’ s no need to make them gender-specific anymore , ' said the principal , adding that the parents of the students have been supportive . He said one parent told him , 'So you 're making it like it is at home . '
A 2013 California law requires schools to allow students to use the bathroom consistent with the gender the child identifies with , a policy San Francisco passed 10 years ago .
Ari Braverman , 6 , says he too is happy about the bathroom change since he likes to dress like a girl and does n't discriminate between boys ' and girls ' toys . Ari 's dad , Gedalia Braverman , agreed , saying , 'As parents , you eventually realize it ’ s not your job to change your child ’ s personality . It ’ s not my job to identify and pigeonhole my children ’ s genders , and certainly it ’ s not the school ’ s . '
Kevin Gogan , the district 's director of safety and wellness , said that one percent of the district 's children identify as transgender , meaning about 300 students . He said gender neutral bathrooms are a way of accommodating and protecting them .
But bathroom neutrality is n't welcomed everywhere . On August 31 , almost 200 high school students walked out of class in Hillsboro High School outside of St. Louis , Missouri to protest the use of the girls ’ restrooms and locker room by Lila Perry , a transgender teen , according to the New York Times .
It 's a curse that has serially embarrassed smartphone users . The iPhone 's autocorrect function , which aims to fix touchscreen typists ' inaccurate spelling , intervenes at precisely the wrong moment , correcting “ hungry ” to “ horny ” or making texters promise to “ walk their dad ” .
But Apple may have a solution . The company has filed a patent for a fix that would see message recipients warned that the sender 's words have been automatically corrected , preventing the confusion of seeing an incoherent or rude message .
Currently , autocorrected words are presented in the same way as any other word , both when messages are being written and read .
Apple 's proposal is that they would be highlighted using an underscore in both the typing window and when read by its intended target , distinguishing an autocorrected word from any other .
So , for example , when autocorrect censors a message to “ I ca n't ducking believe it ” , the recipient will have more of an idea of what was intended . If the sender spots the mistake , a clarify-and-resend button would allow them to easily correct it .
2 . A mother who asked a cake shop to make a birthday cake with a `` wee blond girl '' for her daughter was surprised to receive one with a girl holding a white cane after the crucial word was corrected to `` blind ''
3 . An enterprising teenager who knew his parents would deny his request to host a party changed autocorrect on their phones so that `` no '' was automatically converted to `` HELL YES '' .
4 . A 16-year-old daughter who received a text from her mother asking `` What do you want from life '' . The teenager and her father spent five minutes debating the profound question , until a second message corrected it to `` Lidl ''
At the age of 12 , most girls are battling with their parents to get their ears pierced , learning the ropes at senior school and preparing for life as a teenager .
For Maddie Ziegler , from Pennsylvania , life could n't be more different .
The tween is a huge star with three million Instagram followers , whose music videos with the popstar Sia have been viewed more than a billion times on YouTube .
Until four years ago , Maddie was an unknown eight year old who enjoyed dancing and went to a local primary school .
Then in 2011 , her mother Melissa was signed up to appeared as part of the Lifetime reality series Dance Moms .
The programme focuses on the early careers of the children that are enrolled in the Abby Lee Dance Company in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
As the title suggests , the show also features the mothers of the pupils and the way that they often pit their children against each other .
The Australian pop star Sia noticed Maddie on the programme and last year she tweeted her to ask if she would appear in one of her videos ... the rest is history .
Maddie has now appeared in three of Sia 's videos - Chandelier , Elastic Heart and Big Girls Cry .
Chandelier is the 17th most viewed music video on TouTube of all time and has racked up more than 712 million hits .
In February , Maddie joined Sia and Kristen Wiig in a performance of the track for the 2015 Grammy Awards as Kim Kardashian and Kanye West looked on from the front row .
She has also performed on Jimmy Kimmel and The Ellen Show - not bad for someone who has n't even hit adolescence .
Maddie is so well recognised these days that a trip to Topshop results in her being mobbed by screaming tween fans who all want a selfie with their idol - something that has been tough to adjust to .
She is now so successful that her mother has hired a security team who monitor the star 24/7 .
She told The Telegraph : 'I do n't feel that normal any more because I get recognised , even when I 'm just trying to have fun or going to get ice cream with my friends .
'People go crazy and it gets overwhelming . '
Like many child stars , Maddie speaks of being old before her time .
Having earned a living for the last four years while her contemporaries go to school every day , she has been forced to mature quickly .
Unlike many young girls who are starstruck by celebrities , Maddie claims that she keeps a cool head at events like the Grammys because she sees herself as a star , so needs to act accordingly .
She said : 'Mom is like , `` Oh my God , let 's go and meet Ariana Grande . '' I 'm like , `` Mom , for real ? ''
'I just want to stay professional . I do n't want them to think I 'm a fangirl . I 'm one of the performers and I 'm not just a background dancer , I 'm the dancer . '
Because of her success , she no longer lives anything resembling a normal life .
She has modelled for numerous clothing companies including Glitzy Girl , Sally Miller and Purple Pixies and featured in magazines including Teen Vogue , Cosmopolitan , Elle and Seventeen .
She is home-tutored alongside her younger sister Mackenzie , who also stars in the Dance Moms series and with whom Maddie released a fashion line called The Maddie & amp ; Mackenzie Collection last year .
While many young children try and avoid school work at all costs , the star professes to be a keen student because she wants to avoid the trap of becoming 'a stupid dancer . '
As well as dancing , she has her eye on singing and acting - she has already acted in the TV shows Drop Dead Diva and Austin & amp ; Ally .
Although she has already reached astonishing levels of success for her age , Maddie only gives herself a nine out of ten in terms of her career achievements .
She said : 'On a scale of one to 10 , I feel I 'm at a nine because there 's definitely room for improvement . I know I could go further . '
The actor Tom Hiddleston has fuelled speculation that he could replace Daniel Craig as James Bond , saying he was a huge fan of the 007 films and would not take on the role lightly .
Hiddleston , who is starring in the BBC adaptation of John le Carré ’ s The Night Manager , said playing Bond would be an “ extraordinary opportunity ” if “ it ever came knocking ” .
According to some bookmakers , Hiddleston , who went to school at Eton followed by Cambridge University , is quoted as 10/1 to be the next actor to play the role , making him the sixth-favourite .
Tom Hardy and Idris Elba are first and second , ahead of Homeland ’ s Damian Lewis , Poldark ’ s Aidan Turner , and the Superman star Henry Cavill .
Speaking to the Sunday Times , Hiddleston said : “ Time magazine ran a poll and there were , like , 100 actors on the list , including Angelina Jolie . But , yes , it ’ s nice to be included in the 100 .
“ I ’ m a huge fan of the series . We all went to see Spectre when we were shooting Skull Island in Hawaii . I simply love the theme tune , the tropes and the mythology . I love the whole thing . If it ever came knocking , it would be an extraordinary opportunity . ”
He added : “ And I ’ m very aware of the physicality of the job . I would nottake it lightly . ”
Craig , who has been playing Bond since 2005 , triggered speculation he may give up the role when he told Time Out he would “ rather break this glass and slash my wrists ” than make another Bond film .
“ We ’ re done . All I want to do is move on , ” he added . “ If I did another Bond movie , it would only be for the money . ”
He later clarified his remarks , telling the BBC : “ I ’ m quite straightforward and I say things when I feel it and then I change my mind . I ’ m just like everybody else . People latch on to things . There ’ s not a lot I can do about that . ”
Hardy , who recently starred as both Kray twins in the crime thriller Legend , told the Evening Standard last year he would “ smash it out the park ” if he ever got the opportunity to play Bond .
This Monkey year , I give you five monkeys :
the ingenuity of the macaque ,
the health and happiness of the monkey ,
the leisure and wealth of monkey-kind ,
the lightheartedness of apes and monkeys ,
and intelligence and wit surpassing the Monkey King .
& gt ; Make a monkey out of ( someone )
& gt ; Monkey around with somebody or something
Beat the dog before the lion
Donkey 's years
World leaders accustomed to fine dining had a surprise on their plates Sunday at the United Nations - trash .
Chefs cooked up a lunch made entirely of food that would have ended up in garbage bins , hoping to highlight the extraordinary waste in modern diets and its role in worsening climate change . It included such delicacies as the `` landfill salad '' , consisting of vegetable scraps and rejected fruit .
Also on the menu for the lunch at the UN headquarters was a vegetable burger made of pulp left over from juicing , which typically wastes most of the produce .
The burger came with fries created from starchy corn that would typically go to animal feed - which along with biofuels is the end product of the overwhelming majority of the 36 million hectares of corn grown in the United States .
“ It ’ s the prototypical American meal but turned on its head . Instead of the beef , we ’ re going to eat the corn that feeds the beef , ” said Dan Barber , a prominent New York chef who co-owns the Blue Hill restaurant .
“ The challenge is to create something truly delicious out of what we would otherwise throw away , ” he said .
Barber crafted the menu with Sam Kass , the former White House chef who drove the anti-obesity “ Let ’ s Move ” campaign of First Lady Michelle Obama .
Kass thought of the waste-lunch concept as he learned about year-end UN climate negotiations in Paris , which aim to reach a far-reaching global agreement to tackle the planet ’ s worsening climate change .
Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , speaking to reporters afterward , said the lunch demonstrated how food waste was “ an often overlooked aspect of climate change . ”
“ That is shameful when so many people suffer from hunger , ” Ban said .
According to UN figures , 28 percent of agricultural lands around the world go to produce food that is lost or wasted . The loss each year is the equivalent of 3.3 billion tonnes of carbon responsible for climate change .
Confusing accents and odd public transport habits have been listed among the biggest culture shocks for people moving to the UK .
Users of online message board Reddit were asked `` What is biggest 'culture shock ' you 've ever received either after moving or while vacationing to a new place ? '' by user thechosenone16 - and responded with a number of humourous observations about life in Britain .
`` There are no closets in the UK , '' posted user SurfeitOfPenguins in one entry .
`` Livable space of houses is maybe a one-foot radius around each radiator . Either the sky is completely overcast , or the sky is blue with one single cloud and that cloud is raining .
`` Accents are a big deal . A native Brit can pinpoint a person 's place of birth , annual salary , and parentage going back three generations within moments of hearing another Brit speak . ''
Redditor Dondo666 also pointed out the difference between the British accents as depicted onscreen , and how they are in real life .
`` English is my 3rd language but I 'd say I 'm fluent , '' he said .
`` I have no problem understanding what Americans say 99 % of the time . But Brits are a whole other thing entirely . Most of the time I could make out 1/5 words . After a while I stopped asking people to repeat themselves and just smiled and nodded .
`` Brits in British movies I understand . In real life , not so much . ''
ListenDry , an Indian user from UAE , reported on Britons ' obsession with manners , having visited London in 2012 .
`` Sorry , please , thank you and welcome were the words to gain respect , '' he said .
An international student , the Redditor also summed up other British idiosyncrasies .
`` Taxes were high , '' he wrote .
`` Liquor was cheap ( even though I do n't drink ) . Heating was central and was timed which was thick . No closets to hide in despair and the rooms were tiny . Accents are vast , from all over the globe .
`` Racism does exist but is not visible . It 's just that people will ignore instead of verbally or physically assaulting or replying . ''
For French Redditor pompompompompom , it was British toilets that made for a source of cultural confusion .
`` Some older toilets have a sort of door handle flush which I can never get the hang of , if you 're too slow it wo n't work , too fast wo n't work either , it 's an art , '' he said .
Coming from further afield , a Tawainese Redditor made observations about British dining habits on public transport .
The user wrote : `` [ I was intrigued by ] how Brits are allowed to eat and drink on the London underground but still keep the carriages relatively clean . ( Taipei ’ s metro banned all eating and drinking . ) ''
The Trump administration unveiled what it called the biggest tax cuts `` in history '' on Wednesday , in a move that will simplify the US tax system , slash taxes for businesses large and small - including his own - eliminate inheritance taxes and set the president on a collision course with Congress over the likely $ 2tn-plus cost of the proposal .
Critics immediately called it `` basically a huge tax cut for the rich '' .
The plan would cut the US 's individual income tax brackets from seven to three ( 10 % , 25 % and 35 % ) and slash US corporate tax rates from 35 % to 15 % . `` We have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to do something really big , '' said Gary Cohn , chief economic adviser to Donald Trump . `` This is about growing the economy , creating jobs . ''
Cohn and Steven Mnuchin , the treasury secretary , were short on details of the plan that , if passed , would be the largest overhaul of the US tax system since the Reagan era . `` We are moving as quickly as we can , '' said Mnuchin .
As well as slashing costs for his own businesses , the new proposals will also cut the alternative minimum tax ( AMT ) , a tax designed to stop the super-wealthy from taking so many tax deductions that they avoid paying anything . Leaked documents have shown that in 2005 Trump paid $ 31m in tax thanks to the AMT .
Mnuchin and Cohn were pressed on how Trump would benefit from the proposals , but they avoided the questions .
The president will not be the only Trump administration official to benefit from the tax cuts . His cabinet is the richest in history and includes several billionaires .
The proposal also gets rid of almost all tax deductions , including those for state and local taxes . This creates a significant increase in tax for residents of high-tax states such as California and New York .
Mnuchin refused to commit to whether the tax cuts would end up being revenue neutral , saying the administration was `` working on a lot of details '' . However , he felt confident that the tax cuts `` will pay for itself through growth , reduction of deductions , and closing loopholes '' . The treasury secretary did insist though that `` the deficit is a problem and the president is concerned about that '' .
Trump has long heralded tax cuts , particularly on corporations , as a major component of his economic plan . In his joint address to Congress in February , the US president previewed his proposals , saying : `` My economic team is developing historic tax reform that will reduce the tax rate on our companies so they can compete and thrive anywhere and with anyone . '' He added : `` It will be a big , big cut . ''
But on the campaign trail he also consistently pledged to cut the US 's $ 19tn deficit `` big-league '' and `` very quickly '' . A 20-percentage-point cut to corporate tax rates alone would add $ 2.4tn to the national debt , according to nonpartisan pressure group Americans for Tax Fairness .
`` So , how would Trump 's White House make up the shortfall ? By drastic cuts to essential services and lowering the standard of living for regular American families . Unacceptable , '' said Frank Clemente , executive director .
The plan faces significant obstacles because of the need for Democratic support , and `` reconciliation '' rules that place strict limits on any tax cuts that result in increases to the deficit .
The Senate majority leader , Mitch McConnell , indicated on Tuesday that Republicans would have to use the reconciliation process , which requires tax cuts to be balanced out with spending cuts .
In a joint statement with McConnell , his fellow Republicans House speaker Paul Ryan , House ways and means chair Kevin Brady and Senate finance chair Orrin Hatch gave cautious praise to the administration 's proposals . `` The principles outlined by the Trump administration today will serve as critical guideposts for Congress and the administration as we work together to overhaul the American tax system and ensure middle-class families and job creators are better positioned for the 21st century economy . ''
Democrats condemned the proposals . Senator Bob Casey of Pennsylvania said in a statement : `` This scheme is a massive tax giveaway to millionaires , billionaires and big corporations at the expense of middle-class families in Pennsylvania .
The plans have split experts . Hunter Blair , budget analyst at the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute , said the proposals were `` basically a huge tax cut for the rich . ''
`` According to the Treasury , 43 % of corporate tax is paid for by the top 1 % . We have tried this supply side economics before ; trickle down just does n't work , '' he said .
Chris Edwards , director of tax policy studies at the libertarian Cato Institute , said cuts in corporate tax rates in the UK and Canada had not led to lost revenues . `` There is a huge amount of [ tax ] avoidance right now and a huge effort to park overseas . That money would come back if rates fell , '' he said .
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump can look forward to a presidential salary of $ 400,000 if they win in November .
That 's a fraction of their earning power -- Hillary and Bill Clinton banked $ 10.6 million mostly from speaking fees and royalties in 2015 , while Trump said he made almost $ 560 million .
But it 's the best pay on offer for a major world leader .
Here 's how the pay of prime ministers and presidents of the world 's biggest economies stacks up , according to official data and converted into US dollars at market rates .
President Obama leads the pack . On top of the $ 400,000 a year , he gets a tax-free expense account worth $ 50,000 . The salary was last raised by Congress in 2001 .
Angela Merkel 's salary as German chancellor is set at 218,400 euros a year ( $ 242,000 ) . The chancellor got a 2 % pay rise at the beginning of March , and will get another 2 % next February .
South Africa 's leader Jacob Zuma got a 4 % raise in March , but his salary in dollar terms has actually dropped compared to last year , because of the fall in the south African rand .
The French president would have ranked much higher had he not taken a 30 % pay cut on assuming office in 2012 .
Without the cut , Hollande would have earned 255,600 euros a year ( $ 274,522 ) , second only to Obama . Now he makes $ 198,700 . Famously , his personal hairdresser makes $ 132,000 a year .
Theresa May , the new British prime minister , earns 143,462 pounds ( $ 186,119 ) a year . That includes her salary as a member of parliament , which is 74,962 pounds ( $ 97,256 ) a year .
Unfortunately for May , the big drop in the pound since the Brexit vote means her salary has plunged in dollar terms .
Her predecessor David Cameron placed fifth in CNNMoney 's previous ranking in March 2015 with his salary of £142,500 , then worth $ 214,800 . May is only seventh .
Russian President Vladimir Putin took a 10 % pay cut last year , as his country sank into a deep recession . But that was after his salary more than doubled in April 2014 , to roughly 9.7 million rubles .
According to Putin 's most recent income declaration , he earned roughly 8.9 million rubles ( $ 137,000 ) in 2015 .
Brazil 's President Dilma Rousseff , who is facing impeachment , slashed her own salary by 10 % to $ 103,400 a year last October as part of a wider austerity drive .
He may be the crowning jewel in Britain 's cultural crown , with commemorative events to mark to the 400th anniversary of his death dominating museums , galleries , television and theatre for months .
But British people understand and like the works of William Shakespeare significantly less than those abroad , a survey has shown .
Four in ten Britons claim they do not think Shakespeare ’ s works are relevant to the modern day , simple enough to grasp or even enjoy , according to the study for the British Council .
The YouGov poll , commissioned to find the economic boost Shakespeare gives to Britain , found countries including India , Mexico , Brazil , Turkey , South Africa and China have significantly higher appreciation for the Bard than his British homeland .
The report questioned 18,000 respondents in 15 countries , with 78 percent of those polled having experience of Shakespeare plays in some form .
Overall , 76 percent said they liked his plays and sonnets , 69 percent understood them and felt they were still relevant .
In the UK , however , just 59 percent said they liked Shakespeare ’ s work , with a significant 34 percent choosing to disagree . It placed 11th out of the 15 countries surveyed in terms of making positive judgment about Shakespeare .
Just 19 percent of those outside the UK , many of whom will be reading or watching plays in translation , chose to dislike it .
Respondents from Germany showed strong dislike for Shakespeare , with just 44 percent saying they like it and 42 percent thinking it had any relevance .
Rosemary Hilhorst , director of Shakespeare Lives for the British Council , said : “ Four hundred years after his death , Shakespeare ’ s work continues to play a vital role in educating and entertaining people around the world .
“ As well as bringing pleasure to millions of people , his works make a valuable contribution to the UK ’ s standing in the world and the economy . ”
Xiang Yanmei of China won the women 's 69kg weightlifting gold with a total of 261kg .
Lyu Xiaojun won silver medal in men 's 77kg weightlifting . Lyu smashed the men 's snatch world record with 177kg . Lyu lost his gold medal to Nijat Rahimov of Kazakhstan due to his weight .
China 's Ding Ning beat teammate and defending champion Li Xiaoxia 4-3 to win women 's table tennis singles gold medal , completing a career Grand Slam . Li won silver medal of the match .
China 's Qin Kai and Cao Yuan won the bronze in the men 's 3m synchronized springboard diving at the 2016 Rio Olympic Games . Jack Laugher and Chris Mears of Britain won the gold . China failed to win gold in the event for the first time since the 2004 Athens Games .
Cheng Xunzhao won bronze medal in men 's 90kg judo class at Rio Olympics to mark the country 's male judoist best Olympic performance .
`` For goodness sake , get a life ! Sarah Vine 's piece , which was flagged as light-hearted , was a side-bar alongside a serious political story. ``
`` It appeared in an 84-page paper packed with important news and analysis , a front page exclusive on cost-cutting in the NHS , and a health supplement devoted to women 's health issues , ''
`` For the record , the Mail was the paper which , more than any other , backed Theresa May for the top job . Again for the record , we often comment on the appearance of male politicians including Cameron 's waistline , Osborne 's hair , Corbyn 's clothes - and even Boris 's legs .
`` Is there a rule that says political coverage must be dull or has a po-faced BBC and left-wing commentariat , so obsessed by the Daily Mail , lost all sense of humour ... and proportion ? ''
`` You will notice that I am wearing trousers today ! ''
`` As a woman in politics throughout my whole career I have found that very often , what I wear - particularly my shoes - has been an issue that has been looked at rather closely by people . ''
`` Obviously what we do as politicians is what makes a difference to people 's lives . I think that most people concentrate on what we do as politicians .
`` But if people want to have a bit of fun about how we dress , then so be it . ''
Middle-class housewives who live in fear of rising house prices , Elton John and Gypsies .
The Daily Mirror is read by people who think they run the country .
The Guardian is read by people who think they ought to run the country .
The Times is read by the people who actually do run the country .
The Daily Mail is read by the wives of the people who run the country .
The Financial Times is read by people who own the country .
The Morning Star is read by people who think the country ought to be run by another country .
The Daily Telegraph is read by people who think it is .
Sun readers do n't care who runs the country , as long as she 's got big tits .
Lisa Ko , The Leavers
Ko 's first novel , awarded the 2016 Pen/Bellwether Award for Socially Engaged Fiction , follows Peilan , an adventurous teenager from the village of Minjiang in China to New York , via Bangkok , Amsterdam and Toronto . There , as Polly , she works 13-hour shifts in a garment factory and hopes to pay off $ 47,000 to the loan shark in a matter of years . ( She understands the rules : `` Pay now or disappear forever . '' ) But she 's pregnant by a neighbour back home , and her new son complicates her life beyond repair . Polly disappears when her son Deming is 10 years old . He is adopted by a professorial couple upstate , but he ca n't forget his mother and yearns to know what happened . Ko traces the disruptions of immigration and the complexities of first-generation Americans with meticulous detail and sensitivity . ( Credit : Algonquin )
Cinderella 's wardrobe may be brimming with ornate glass slippers but it 's her classic hour-glass figure women are lusting after .
The new Disney film , starring British actress Lily James in the title role , has helped spur on a revival of the shape-shifting garment according to The Sunday Times .
The new trailer for the rags-to-riches fairy tale sees 25-year-old Lily flaunt an enviably tiny waist thanks to the help of an icy-blue corset dress complete with floor-skimming puffball skirt .
One leading retailer of the traditional , steel-boned women 's corsets , What Katie Did , has seen sales of the garment grow by 50 per cent in the past three months .
While online auction website eBay has reported sales of the more modern corset rise by 54 per cent since December .
Esher-born Lily , who is dating former Doctor Who star Matt Smith , 32 , recently hit back at claims that movie makers had digitally altered her figure .
She says her minuscule waist is achieved by wearing an ultra-constricting corset and by consuming a liquid diet .
Lily told E ! News : 'When [ the corset ] was on we would be on continuous days , so we would n't stop for lunch or a lovely tea —you 'd be sort of eating on the move .
In that case , I could n't untie the corset . So if you ate food it did n't really digest properly and I 'd be burping all afternoon in and it was just really sort of unpleasant .
'I 'd have soup so that I could still eat but it would n't get stuck . '
But it 's not just on the big screen where corsets are making a comeback .
The restricting bodice , which helps boost breasts , banish muffin top and slim the tum , has featured on the catwalks of Stella McCartney and Alexander Wang this season .
Meanwhile , Madonna turned heads in a risque custom-made Givenchy corset at The Grammy Awards last month .
Fellow singer Kylie Minogue has been stunning onstage in a scarlet bodice during her current Kiss Me Once tour , which touched down inPerth , Australialast night .
Founder of What Katie Did , Katie Thomas , told The Sunday Times that the corset revival is all about female empowerment .
'It 's more about being confident , powerful and being in control while looking good as well , ' she said .
However , health experts have warned of the dangers .
Mary Jane Minkin , clinical professor of ob-gyn at Yale School of Medicine , told Women 's Health :
'Medically , it doesn ’ t make sense that cinching your waist tightly will make it permanently smaller .
'Once you take the garment off , your body will return to its usual shape .
'It ’ s also uncomfortable , restricts your movements , and if you wear it really tight , it can even make it difficult to breathe and theoretically could cause rib damage . '
Ivanka Trump has been given her own West Wing office , confirming her position as a key member of her father 's White House team .
When she moved to Washington earlier this year , Ms Trump said she would not be playing a formal role in the administration . Her husband , Jared Kushner , is a senior adviser to President Donald Trump .
However , it was confirmed on Monday that the first daughter now has a West Wing office next to senior adviser Dina Powell , who serves on the National Security Council , will get access to classified information and be given security clearance .
Ms Trump has been a very visible presence during Mr Trump 's first two months in the White House , participating in meetings with Shinzo Abe , the Japanese prime minister , Justin Trudeau , the Canadian prime minister , and , on Friday , Angela Merkel , the German chancellor .
Her regular presence has raised eyebrows because she has no official position .
Jamie Gorelick , a lawyer and ethics adviser for Ms Trump , detailed her new privileges and said she would follow the ethics rules that apply to government employees .
Sources close to Ms Trump told Politico the first daughter saw nothing unusual with the arrangement and that it was a continuation of how she has worked alongside him for several years at the Trump Organisation and on the reality TV show The Apprentice .
Ms Trump 's role has already come under scrutiny because there is little precedent for a member of the first family with this kind of influence .
A person with knowledge of Ms Trump 's thinking told the Associated Press that she believes she can offer more independent perspective to her father by not serving as a White House staffer .
In a statement , she said : `` I will continue to offer my father my candid advice and counsel , as I have for my entire life . ''
Federal anti-nepotism laws prevent relatives from being appointed to government positions . But the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel recently said the president 's `` special hiring authority '' allowed him to appoint Mr Kushner to the West Wing staff . Mr Gorelick noted the office also made clear that the president could consult family members as private citizens , arguing that this is what Ms Trump will be doing .
The first daughter has sought to distance herself from the Trump Organisation and her lifestyle brand . She has removed herself from executive roles and will have a more hands-off approach to the brand .
A new app which adds a Shakespearean touch to your text messaging , has been launched lately to celebrate the 400th anniversary of the Bard 's death and as part of a tourism drive for the capital , called 'Fans of London ' .
Working with VisitLondon.com , the official visitor guide for the capital , ShakeSpeak has been developed by software company SwiftKey , best known for their language prediction app . By analysing the Complete Works of Shakespeare they developed an app that helps turn your text messages into Shakespearean prose by predicting the playwright 's best known phrases .
Swiftkey 's app , which is available to download free of charge , allows you to simply type the first word or two of a famous Shakespearean quote and the technology will do the rest . For example :
And in order to make your text messages as authentic as the Bard 's language , Swiftkey 's analysis of the Complete Works of Shakespeare recommends using 'Thou ' , 'thee ' and 'thy ' in your text messages , as these three words are among the most frequent Shakespeare uses compared to how we speak today .
The launch of the ShakeSpeak app is part of the Fans of London tourism campaign from VisitLondon.com , which is supported by the GREAT Britain Campaign , British Airways and Hilton . Fans of London celebrates the blockbuster events taking place across the capital this year , including the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare 's legacy , and the first ever exhibition on the Rolling Stones , EXHIBITIONISM .
Actor and director Simon Callow said : `` After all this time , Shakespeare 's works are still relevant to us all , and it 's a delight to know that his legacy is still very much alive in London - the calendar of events to honour the Bard this year is truly spectacular . ''
Chris Gottlieb , Chief Marketing & amp ; Communications Officer for London & amp ; Partners , said : `` The legacy of Shakespeare lives on in London and in this commemorative year , there is so much to see and do across the capital for fans from exhibitions , special performances and quirky adaptations . ''
ShakeSpeak is available to download on Android from 9am BST on 7th April for smartphones and tablets on Google Play ( search ShakeSpeak ) .
BST : 英国夏令时（British Summer Time）
Coca-Cola is taking the 'millennial narcissism ' culture to the next level with a new gadget that lets consumers snap selfies while sipping its soda .
The firm has unveiled a custom designed 'selfie bottle ' complete with a built-in camera at the base .
It uses sensors to take pictures when the bottle is tilted past a 70-degree angle capturing you mid-drink .
All the images captured by the gadget , created for the firm 's latest ad campaign , are automatically shared to Coca-Cola 's Facebook , Instagram and Snapchat .
Coca-Cola Israel is the mastermind behind this 'game-changing ' product , which was inspired by a gap in the market for novelty drinks , reports Business Insider .
The beverage giant then turned to Israel-based Gefen Team to help make this device a reality .
'Users tag themselves and their friends in photos on Coca-Cola 's social media assets , ' Gefen Team said in a statement .
'It really does the trick and makes the partygoers more present and active during the event , knowing they can share their special moments just by drinking . '
The selfie bottle was created for the Coca-Cola Summer Love , which is the largest brand outdoor event in Israel .
Every picture snapped with the gadget during the festival is posted to Coca-Cola 's Snapchat , Instagram and Facebook pages allowing individuals to capture moments while still enjoying the sugary beverage .
It has not yet been made clear if this device was just a promotional piece for the event or if it will make its way to the masses .
DailyMail.com has contacted Gefen Team for comment and has yet to receive a response .
Although many believe snapping selfies is a way to boost your ego or feed your narcissistic needs , a recent study from the University of California found it may be enhancing people 's overall well-being .
Researchers found that regularly snapping selfies and sharing the images with friends boosts people 's mood and ultimately makes them happier .
The findings suggest that taking one selfie a day will improve your confidence and make you more comfortable with yourself .
Researchers asked a group of college students record their moods , take photos and report their emotional state over the course of four weeks .
The project involved three types of photos to help the researchers determine how smiling , reflecting and giving to others might impact users ' moods .
The first was a selfie , to be taken daily while smiling , then a snap of something that made them happy and the third was a picture of something the photographer believed would bring happiness to another person ( which was sent to that person ) .
The team collected close to 2,900 mood measurements during their study and found that subjects in all three of the photo groups experience increased positive moods .
Some in the selfie group reported being more confident and comfortable with their smiling photos over time .
The students taking photos of objects that made them happy became more reflective and appreciative .
And those who took photos to make others happy became calmer and said that the connection to their friends and family helped relieve stress .
Trust in politicians is `` approaching rock bottom '' with only 19 % of the public thinking they were largely telling the truth during the EU referendum campaign , researchers have said .
Nurses , however , were found to be the most trustworthy professionals , in their first appearance in the annual Ipsos Mori `` veracity '' survey .
Politicians - a stalwart of the bottom of the list - have sunk even lower in the public 's estimation in the year that brought the Brexit vote , the survey found .
The elected representatives are now trusted to tell the truth by 15 % of the public , a drop of 6 % from last year , according to the report published on Sunday .
The authors said the drop may have been `` surprising '' if seen in any other year .
`` But 2016 is , of course , some way away from being a normal year , and voters ' levels of trust in mainstream politicians seem to be approaching rock bottom , '' they added .
An Ipsos Mori poll just before June 's referendum found nearly half of Britons believed politicians from either side were lying while 19 % thought they were mostly telling the truth .
The report said : `` One rare point of agreement between Leave and Remain voters is that neither of the campaigns covered themselves in glory ; between them they demonstrated most of the characteristics that turn voters off . ''
`` Politicians in Westminster in particular have much work to do to start reconnecting with voters and demonstrating that they have priorities other than getting their own viewpoints across and ignoring debate . ''
Nurses were trusted to tell the truth by 93 % of people , while doctors are by 91 % , according to the poll of 1,019 adults in October .
Journalists fared little better than politicians with 24 % of people trusting them , putting them below bankers , estate agents and lawyers .
Teachers , judges and scientists followed the medical professionals at the top of the list .
Up to 5,000 soldiers will be deployed on the streets amid fears that the Manchester suicide bomber had accomplices preparing further attacks , Theresa May has announced .
For the first time in 10 years , the Prime Minister said the terror threat had been raised to the highest possible level , from severe to critical , meaning an attack is “ expected imminently ” .
Investigators fear that the British-born bomber Salman Abedi , a 22-year-old of Libyan descent , was part of a wider network of Isil-inspired terrorists , including a bomb-maker , who may still be at large .
Special Forces were deployed to Manchester ready to engage in the hunt for accomplices of Abedi , who killed 22 concert-goers in Britain ’ s worst terrorist atrocity for 12 years .
Outlining the increased risk , Mrs May said : “ It is a possibility we can not ignore that there is a wider group of individuals linked to this attack . ”
Mrs May also announced that troops would replace police officers at set-piece events including sports venues and concerts .
With the FA Cup final this weekend , Mrs May acted on the advice of the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre after chairing two meetings of the Cobra emergency committee .
Security will also be stepped up at major public events and terrorist targets such as railway stations and airports .
A 23-year-old man was arrested in Manchester in connection with the attack and was being questioned .
Intelligence experts believe the device detonated at a concert by the pop singer Ariana Grande at the Manchester Arena on Monday night was so sophisticated that Abedi must have either been given specialist training abroad or used a bomb made by a technician who has not yet been captured .
It emerged that Abedi had travelled to Libya , raising fears he had been trained there and posing questions for the security services on whether he should have been tracked . Police confirmed that an eight-year-old girl was among those killed .
Grande has a huge following among young girls and other children are understood to be among the dead . Twelve children were among 59 taken to hospital after the atrocity , for which Isil has claimed responsibility .
Mrs May described the bombing as “ one of the worst terrorist incidents we have ever experienced in the United Kingdom ” and said it “ stands out for its appalling , sickening cowardice – deliberately targeting innocent , defenseless children and young people who should have been enjoying one of the most memorable nights of their lives ” .
The Queen expressed her “ deepest sympathy ” to all those affected and said “ the whole nation has been shocked by the death and injury ” . The Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn warned against allowing “ communities to be divided by this kind of appalling , atrocious act of violence ” .
China 's President Xi Jinping expressed deep sadness over those who lost their lives and offered his sympathy to the relatives of people who were killed or injured .
At this difficult moment , the Chinese people firmly stand by the British people , Xi said .
US President Trump said the bomber and any accomplices were “ evil losers in life ” . He said : “ I won ’ t call them monsters because they would like that term . I will call them losers . ”
The Russian president Vladimir Putin and Germany ’ s Chancellor Merkel were also among those who sent messages to the Prime Minister .
President-elect Donald Trump 's transition team has issued a blanket mandate for politically appointed ambassadors installed by President Barack Obama to leave their posts by Inauguration Day , the US ambassador to New Zealand said on Friday .
'I will be departing on January 20th , ' Ambassador Mark Gilbert said in a Twitter message to Reuters .
The mandate was issued 'without exceptions ' through an order sent in a State Department cable on Dec. 23 , Gilbert said .
He was confirming a report in the New York Times , which quoted diplomatic sources as saying previous US administrations , from both major political parties , have traditionally granted extensions to allow a few such ambassadors , particularly those with school-age children , to remain in place for weeks or months .
The US ambassador to Canada announced his resignation Friday , yielding to the Trump transition team 's demand .
'As requested I have resigned as US Ambassador to Canada effective 1/20 , ' Bruce Heyman wrote on Twitter .
Heyman is close to Obama .
State Department spokesman John Kirby said it was 'common ' procedure for all politically-appointed ambassadors to step down as a new US administration comes in on Jan. 20 .
'All political appointees for the Obama administration were directed to submit their resignation and the due date was Dec. 7 , and the resignations are to take effect on Jan. 20 , ' Kirby told reporters .
Kirby said , as expected , no career diplomats serving as ambassadors had been asked to resign by the transition team .
He acknowledged , however , that in the past there had been exceptions made for a small number of political appointees to stay on for a short time for personal reasons .
The order could leave the United States without Senate-confirmed envoys for months in critical nations like Germany , Canada and Britain , The New York Times reported .
A senior Trump transition official told the newspaper there was no ill will in the move , describing it as a simple matter of ensuring Obama 's overseas envoys leave the government on schedule , just as thousands of political aides at the White House and in federal agencies must do .
Trump has taken a strict stance against leaving any of Obama 's political appointees in place as he prepares to take office on Jan. 20 , aiming to break up many of his predecessor 's signature foreign and domestic policy achievements , the newspaper said .
Diplomats told the New York Times that the order has thrown their personal lives into a tailspin , leaving them scrambling to secure living arrangements and acquire visas allowing them to stay in their countries so their children can remain in school .
HBO has joined the ranks of Hollywood entertainment companies to suffer a major cyber attack .
EW has learned that upcoming episodes of a couple series and at least one alleged script or treatment have been put online by hackers who breached the company 's systems — with more threatened to be coming soon .
`` HBO recently experienced a cyber incident , which resulted in the compromise of proprietary information . We immediately began investigating the incident and are working with law enforcement and outside cyber-security firms . Data protection is a top priority at HBO , and we take seriously our responsibility to protect the data we hold. ``
Hackers claimed to have obtained 1.5 terabytes of data from the company . So far , an upcoming episode of Ballers and Room 104 have apparently been put online . There is also written material that 's allegedly from next week 's fourth episode of Game of Thrones .
HBO is not commenting on what content might have been stolen , confirming specific titles or the amount of data accessed . HBO chairman and CEO Richard Plepler sent an email on Tuesday to HBO employees alerting them of the breach .
`` As most of you have probably heard by now , there has been a cyber incident directed at the company which has resulted in some stolen proprietary information , including some of our programming .
`` Any intrusion of this nature is obviously disruptive , unsettling , and disturbing for all of us . I can assure you that senior leadership and our extraordinary technology team , along with outside experts , are working round the clock to protect our collective interests .
`` The efforts across multiple departments have been nothing short of herculean . It is a textbook example of quintessential HBO teamwork . The problem before us is unfortunately all too familiar in the world we now find ourselves a part of . As has been the case with any challenge we have ever faced , I have absolutely no doubt that we will navigate our way through this successfully . ''
On Sunday , an anonymous email was sent to many reporters announcing the hack : `` Hi to all mankind . The greatest leak of cyber space era is happening . What 's its name ? Oh I forget to tell . Its HBO and Game of Thrones…… ! ! ! ! ! ! You are lucky to be the first pioneers to witness and download the leak . Enjoy it & amp ; spread the words . Whoever spreads well , we will have an interview with him . HBO is falling . ''
It 's not clear if the hackers actually have what would be the crown jewel target for an HBO cyber breach - upcoming episodes of the company 's biggest hit , Game of Thrones . So far , no GoT episodes have leaked .
For years , HBO has fought a cyber-battle to keep Game of Thrones storylines secret and the show 's content from being illegally distributed — particularly before episodes air .
In season 5 , the first four episodes leaked online before the show 's season premiere after review DVDs that were sent to the press and industry insiders . HBO has since halted the practice of sending any episodes in advance .
That same year , some clips leaked ahead of time from overseas HBO distributors , and even images of Jon Snow 's death found their way online before the finale aired .
The Food and Drug Administration on Thursday approved genetically modified salmon , the first such altered animal allowed for human consumption in the United States .
The Obama administration had stalled in approving the fast-growing salmon for more than five years amid consumer concerns about eating genetically modified foods . But the agency said Thursday the fish is safe to eat .
In announcing the approval , the FDA said that there are `` no biologically relevant differences in the nutritional profile of AquAdvantage Salmon compared to that of other farm-raised Atlantic salmon . ''
AquAdvantage Salmon was created by the Massachusetts-based company AquaBounty . Ron Stotish , the company 's CEO , said in a statement that the fish is a `` game changer that brings healthy and nutritious food to consumers in an environmentally responsible manner without damaging the ocean and other marine habitats . ''
The fish grows twice as fast as normal salmon , so it reaches market size more quickly . It has an added growth hormone from the Pacific Chinook salmon that allows the fish to produce growth hormone all year long . The engineers were able to keep the hormone active by using another gene from an eel-like fish called an ocean pout that acts like an `` on '' switch for the hormone . Typical Atlantic salmon produce the growth hormone for only part of the year .
The FDA has also said the fish is unlikely to harm the environment . The fish would be bred female and sterile , though a very small percentage might still be able to breed . The company has argued the potential for escape is low .
There is no evidence that the foods would be unsafe , but for some people , it 's an ethical issue .
Some retailers have pledged not to sell the salmon , and it 's still unclear whether the public will have an appetite for the fish if it is approved . Genetic engineering is already widely used for crops , but the government until now has not considered allowing the consumption of modified animals . Although the potential benefits and profits are huge , many people have qualms about manipulating the genetic code of other living creatures .
Critics call the modified salmon a `` frankenfish . '' They worry that it could cause human allergies and the eventual decimation of the natural salmon population if it escapes and breeds in the wild . Others believe breeding engineered animals is an ethical issue .
Someone has apparently smashed up an Audi TT that belonged to a beggar .
It comes a couple of days after Matthew Brinton , 35 , said he received death threats when a Facebook video revealed he had previously owned the £50,000 sports car .
This was while he was asking for money and food on the streets of Newquay .
A photo showed an Audi TT with a broken windscreen on a road in the town and it is thought this was the same one Binton owned at one point .
A clip had apparently shown him loading up the boot of a similar vehicle in a car park on the same day he was begging with pet dog Hazel .
But police said they believed Brinton , who is a heroin addict with mental health issues , had lost the car and any money he had and was now back on the streets .
Newquay ’ s top cop , inspector Dave Meredith added threats had been directed at Brinton , but none were deemed to present an immediate risk to his safety .
‘ He had a few threats , with people making stupid comments on social media , ’ he said .
‘ We ’ ve told him “ you need to be careful because of the video on Facebook ; there ’ s lots of ill-feeling and animosity because of it . ''
It 's a picture which perfectly captures our obsession with the selfie .
Taken at an Orlando campaign event , it shows Hillary Clinton smiling and waving at a crowd who have their back turned on her . In each of her supporters ' hands is a camera ready to snap the perfect selfie with the presidential candidate .
The photo has already been retweeted more than 20,000 times since it was posted to Twitter by a campaign staffer on Sunday .
The striking difference can be seen in a campaign photo from 2008 where the crowd is seen reaching out to Clinton , wanting a handshake , an autograph or a photo of the Democrat .
In Sunday 's shot , the crowd was turned away , leaving Hillary a lonely figure , stood on a pedestal and separated by a railing . Everyone in crowd wanted a picture , but they wanted to make sure they were in it too .
People have been quick to respond on social media , some complaining it summed up the 'narcissistic ' generation while others denounced it as 'hilariously sad . '
Yet Clinton has been quick to embrace the selfie culture , posing for pictures with fans and celebrities alike .
She had previously talked about the impact it has had on campaigning .
'It used to be , you know , when I campaigned , not just for my husband , but for other people as well , and even back in the '08 campaign , you would finish an event and you would shake hands , ' she told Ellen DeGeneres .
She said supporters no longer wanted a handshake , or even to share their personal stories . Today , it is all about the selfie .
In this case , Clinton suggested the idea of the group selfie herself , telling the crowd that anyone who wanted the picture to 'turn around right now . '
Of course , Clinton is n't the only presidential candidate to get it on the selfie trend .
Republican rival Donald Trump has also embraced the phenomenon , and has been pictured posing with his supporters at various events .
But Clinton is miles ahead in the selfie stakes , having posed for pictures with the likes of Katy Perry , Kim Kardashian and Jimmy Kimmel .
In a bid to make Russian tax collectors more interested in their jobs , a local government has come up with a rather bizarre scheme – providing them with money-scented soap ! The idea is that the special odor will stimulate and inspire tax collectors to love and enjoy collecting money .
The idea is the brainchild of Aman Tuleyev , governor of the Kemerovo Oblast region in Central Russia . He seems to strongly believe that by using cash-scented toiletries , the smell of money will linger around tax collectors all day , thus making them love it and increasing their tax collection rate .
The concept isn ’ t new though , as money-based perfume and soap have been around since at least 1998 , when an Austrian artist managed to bottle the smell of cash . In 2011 , a Japanese study found that having employees smell money all day long is a great way to improve their productivity .
This is the first time a government official has decided to adopt such outlandish measures to improve employee efficiency . It ’ s even stranger coming from Tuleyev , who is otherwise known as a tough , serious man . But he explained that he wanted a way to remind tax collectors of the importance of their job , and of bringing more money to the treasury . He is unhappy with their lackadaisical attitude , while smart businessmen find new loopholes to avoid paying taxes .
Tuleyev is reported to have shared the idea during the budgetary meeting for the coming year . “ There are different kinds of soap , and this is a special one with the aroma of crispy rubles , ” he said , adding that it will remind employees of the necessity of collecting more money .
In the past , Tuleyev was in the news for another interesting scheme – he offered free coal to citizens in exchange for losing weight , in an attempt to make them healthier !
Watching what you eat and practicing self-control at mealtimes could benefit more than just your waistline . According to Mental Health Daily , restricting your calories helps to elicit a stress response in the body , and while this may sound like a bad thing , in reality it stimulates the brain to grow new brain cells . However , don ’ t go overboard . The Huffington Post reported that calories need to be restricted by only 20 to 30 percent to reap these benefits .
If you don ’ t feel like restricting your calorie intake ( and really who can blame you ) a 2012 study found that sipping on green tea may have a similar effect . This is because green tea contains a substance called EGCG , an antioxidant that helps to improve cognitive function through the generation of brain cells , lead researcher Professor Yun Bai said in a statement .
“ This helps us to understand the potential for EGCG , and green tea which contains it , to help combat degenerative diseases and memory loss , '' Bai added .
Another fun and easy way to build up new brain cells is to add some blueberries to your diet . A 2008 report found that antioxidants in the tiny but powerful berry lead to changes in brain blood flow which helps to not only protect the brain cells you have but also leads to the formation of new ones . They also contain a substance called anthocyanin that is associated with increased neuronal signaling in the brain ’ s memory areas .
Yes , I ’ ve saved the best for last and no , that isn ’ t a typo . A 2010 study published in the online journal PLOS one found that sexual experience helps to promote neurogenesis , or the growth of brain cells , in the hippocampus . The hippocampus is mainly associated with memory and regulating emotion , so the extra help is also appreciated .
And while sex may arguably be the most fun way to replace brain cells while working up a sweat , it surely isn ’ t the only . Running also helps to build brain cells , Mental Health Daily reported . This is particularly useful in older individuals as it has been reported that moderate exercise helps to improve the cognitive function of people with dementia . A 2014 study also found that individuals who regularly run throughout their lifetime are also less likely to develop dementia when they get older .
Iceland defender Kari Arnason said his nation 's European Championship last-16 win over England `` shocked the world '' .
Iceland will play hosts France in the quarter-final on Sunday after goals from Ragnar Sigurdsson and Kolbeinn Sigthorsson knocked out England and forced manager Roy Hodgson to resign .
Arnason said : `` We all believed . The rest of the world did n't but we did .
`` This is without a doubt the biggest result in Icelandic football history . We 've shocked the world . ''
Wayne Rooney put England ahead with a fourth-minute penalty but Iceland were ahead by the 18th minute and held on comfortably despite Hodgson 's side having 18 attempts on goal .
Iceland defender Sigurdsson , 29 , accused England of complacency against a side who had already held Portugal and Hungary and beaten Austria during the group stage .
`` They thought this would be a walk in the park but we had faith in our ability , '' Sigurdsson said .
`` It went well . We did n't feel that England created any chances . We were just heading away long balls . I was n't stressed in the second half . ''
Icelandic TV commentator Gudmundur Benediktsson went viral last week with his excited reaction to the win over Austria and he was at it again during the win in Nice - even seeming to reference the result of Britain 's EU referendum .
`` This is done ! This is done ! We are never going home ! Did you see that ! Did you see that ! '' he said .
`` Never wake me from this amazing dream !
`` Live the way you want England ! Iceland is going to play France on Sunday . France-Iceland ! You can go home . You can go out of Europe .
`` You can go wherever the hell you want . England 1 Iceland 2 is the closing score here in Nice . And the fairytale continues . ''
It 's perhaps the biggest upset in the history of tournament football . Here 's how social media reacted to the night .
Women have long known how that extra flick of eyeliner or dash of lipstick can boost their confidence .
And now , it seems , it ’ s also more likely to help them pass exams .
Research shows that women who put on make-up before taking a test achieved ten to 20 percent higher marks than those who did not wear any .
Psychologists say the result could be down to the ‘ lipstick effect ’ , whereby using make-up boosts self-esteem and has a knock-on effect on memory , confidence and mental ability .
The study in journal Cogent Psychology involved 200 female undergraduates , all studying the same subject with similar self-esteem , make-up habits and IQs .
The women were randomly split into three groups and asked to put on make-up , listen to music , or draw . All then took an exam based on a chapter of a textbook they had just read . Results showed the women who used cosmetics scored an average of 24.2 out of 30 , compared to 19.9 and 22 in the other groups .
The researchers , from Harvard Medical School and Chieti University in Italy , said : ‘ Women may use make-up to increase self-esteem by boosting their attractiveness ; this makes them feel better during stress . Positive emotions increase information accessible in memory . ’
As one of the UK ’ s most popular fast food chains , it sells almost 400 pieces of chicken every minute .
But now conditions on the farms that supply KFC with 23million chickens a year can be shown for the first time .
The images show tens of thousands of chickens kept together in huge sheds , alive for just 35 days before they are gassed .
A documentary shows the birds living amid their excrement in conditions activists say are ‘ oppressive ’ – but the farmer in charge claims it ’ s ‘ a very good life ’ .
Footage screened on BBC1 focuses on one farm where about 34,000 chickens are penned into a shed with few windows .
When they are large enough the chickens are gassed , chopped into nine pieces and sent to warehouses in large trays where they are then distributed to branches nationwide .
About 1,000 farms in the country supply KFC with 23million chickens a year . The program focuses on a farmer called Andrew who says the chickens at his farm – left to do nothing but eat and drink until they reach the required weight – have a good life , saying he ‘ wouldn ’ t mind being a chicken in here ’ .
Scenes show the chickens as they walk around in their own excrement while a layer of sawdust has turned murky brown from mopping up waste .
Asked if he thinks this is a problem , Andrew says : ‘ No , no , no , that ’ s not a problem at all , because you see here , this is all sawdust , so the idea is to keep this as dry as possible . ’
The supplier , who has 35 years ’ experience , says : ‘ As you can see , they ’ ve got beautifully clean feet and that is a good sign that these birds are healthy and they ’ ve been grown on good litter . You can see this is a good , healthy chicken . I can ’ t think there ’ s anything better than being sat in a chicken farm looking at chickens . You can see for yourself , they look absolutely fantastic . ’
Asked whether he feels it is a shame their lives end so soon , he says : ‘ No , they probably have a short life but they have a very good life . ’
Yesterday animal rights campaigners claimed the lives of the KFC chickens were ‘ oppressive ’ . Andrew Tyler , director of Animal Aid , said : ‘ These birds have no meaningful life . They endure a wretched existence in giant windowless sheds stinking with ammonia . A very large number die from starvation or dehydration . About 900 million of these birds are produced in country each year about 30 million-plus die in the sheds .
‘ Millions of these birds , just like the ones KFC is commissioning to be produced die in sheds wretchedly and painfully every year .
‘ These birds are deprived of everything that makes life worth living . The next step after this is to be grabbed by their frail legs , and shoved in crates and taken off to slaughter . A great number suffer broken bones during this process . ’
A BBC spokesman said the documentary offers ‘ an impartial look at KFC , one of theUK ’ s most recognisable businesses ’ .
It is the first time cameras have been allowed access to KFC .
A KFC spokesman said : ‘ Animal welfare is essential for high quality food and is important to our customers , and all of KFC ’ s suppliers meet or exceed UK and EU welfare requirements . KFC was the first quick-service restaurant to gain Red Tractor certification and we have in place our own robust standard , which is independently audited by third parties . ’
A Swedish footballer has hit out after being sent off for breaking wind during a match – with the referee accusing him of “ deliberate provocation ” and “ unsportsmanlike behaviour ” .
Adam Lindin Ljungkvist , who was playing at left-back in the match between Järna SK ’ s reserve team and Pershagen SK , was shown a second yellow card late on in what local media called “ bizarre circumstances ” .
“ I had a bad stomach , so I simply let go , ” the 25-year-old told Länstidningen Södertälje . “ Then I received two yellow cards and then red . Yes , I was shocked , it ’ s the strangest thing I have ever experienced in football .
“ I asked the referee , ‘ What , am I not allowed to break wind a little ? ’ ‘ No , ’ he replied … I don ’ t get it but maybe he thought I farted in my hand and threw the fart at him . But I did not . ”
Opposition striker Kristoffer Linde told the paper : “ I was standing a good distance away but I heard the fart loud and clear . It ’ s the strangest thing I ’ ve seen on a pitch , and I ’ ve been playing football since I was eight years old . ”
The referee , Dany Kako , confirmed that Ljungkvist had received the second yellow card for breaking wind , explaining : “ I perceived it as deliberate provocation . He did it on purpose and it was inappropriate . Therefore , he received a yellow card . ”
Ljungkvist told Aftonbladet : “ To provoke anyone with a fart is not particularly smart or normal . It ’ s nonsense – I just broke wind and got a red card . I spoke to the referee afterwards , I was annoyed , but there were no bad words . I just said he was a buffoon . ”
Kako said he had experienced similar incidents before . “ Once there was a player who stood and peed next to the pitch . I showed him a yellow card , too . ”
It is often said this is a man 's world .
So perhaps it should be no surprise that the key to appearing confident , knowledgeable and inspirational is to stand like a man .
Research shows that women are more likely to be viewed as leadership material when they adopt a typically male posture , with their feet planted shoulder-width apart .
Expansive hand gestures add to the 'power pose ' .
The University College London study found that small changes to a woman 's stance can have a big effect on how she is perceived , even when what she wears and says stay the same .
The researchers said : 'It seems the way people look when words are spoken influences the way people interpret these words . '
In the first of two experiments , the scientists filmed an actress delivering a short speech while standing in various different ways .
Some 1,500 men and women watched the videos and then rated her on everything from attractiveness to how knowledgeable she appeared to be .
In the second experiment , 500 volunteers watched videos of actors and actresses who adopted one of two poses .
One was a power pose , in which their feet were wide apart and they gestured with their hands .
The other was a more submissive stance , in which the actors swayed from side to side and kept their hands by their sides .
Overall , those who struck the power pose were judged more confident , convincing , knowledgeable , inspiring and leader-like .
The volunteers also said they 'd be more likely to vote for them in an election .
Co-researcher Richard Newman , of public speaking training company UK Body Talk , recommends standing still , with feet shoulder-with apart .
Hands - and arms - extended , with the elbows away from the body .
He said that the advice , detailed in the journal Psychology , may be particularly useful for women , many of whom have been brought up to believe it is unfeminine to stand like a man .
Mr Newman said : 'When I do coaching , I find that women more often resist standing like this .
'So , I show them pictures of people like Angelina Jolie , Beyoncé and Julia Roberts , and say 'they are all doing it and they have presence ' . '
He said that we are 'born to stand ' with our feet apart .
It is the first stance that toddlers adopt when they learn to walk and puts someone in a position of physical strength , while show they are not a pushover .
The pose also makes the person themselves feel more confident and it may be that others pick up on this .
Mr Newman said : 'The findings show that if women can overcome their cultural conditioning and communicate using a stronger style , it could significantly increase their impact and influence and overall success in the workplace .
'Gender should never be a barrier to your ideas being heard .
However , like most things , practice makes perfect .
Mr Newman added : 'You have to practise it and do it in your own way . Everyone has their own style . '
'Do not submit any personal photos that you do not want to be made public . '
1:0
These laugh-out-loud pictures show what happens when cake shop workers fail to take initiative , or read between the lines .
Other jaw-dropping mistakes include one by a person who managed to convince themselves someone had asked for a Halloween cake decorated with the message : 'It 's for Halloween so put on it some goats , goblins and booze . '
These snaps of hilariously disastrous cakes that show what happens when cake decorators take instructions too literally .
Someone managed to convince themselves someone had asked for a Halloween cake decorated with the message : 'It 's for Halloween so put on it some goats , goblins and booze . '
Peter can at least be sure there will be no nuts in his cake - and everyone at his party will have discovered he can not tolerate peanuts。
Hopefully the Class of 2007 did not also take this cake caption too literally and set off a load of fireworks indoors .
Ben was going to Texas to start a new set of adventures but perhaps expected a picture of the great state - rather than 'put the state of Texas on it for her ' - to appear on her farewell slice .
One kind loved one wanted to ensure Sheri did not end up with her name misspelled on her chocolate concoction , but Sheri , who presumably has two eyes , will have wondered why she was being told she resembled a Cyclops .
'Congratulations three times ' written out turned an excited caption into what sounds like an eye rolling sarcastic cake .
A friend clearly thought he was having a private joke with the cake decorator and suggested writing 'Happy Birthday D*** ' before laughing and giving his real instruction , saying his mate 's name was Josh . We can only hope Josh saw the funny side .
The cake decorator decided no sprinkles or stars would be needed on this 30th birthday cake - just an allusion to them .
This baker wrote 'Olympic Rings ' rather than drawing the circles ( and did not even use multicoloured Olympic-themed lettering ) .
Randy may have hoped for a more dignified cake for such a significant milestone as his 50th birthday .
One of the less obviously terrible mistakes led to : 'Say : We will miss you . '
There is no shortage of purple on this personalised confection .
Hopefully the baby 's first outfit was a pink babygrow or there will have been some confused party attendees .
Even the most universal cake message 'Happy birthday ' managed to go wrong .
Ambulances in Beijing will be fitted with taxi-style meters in an effort to allay public concerns about overcharging .
From May , the emergency vehicles will charge a fixed rate of 50 yuan for patients being transported up to 3km , and then seven yuan for each kilometre travelled after that , the Beijing Morning Post reports . If an ambulance is called but then not needed , a 50-yuan charge will still apply , the paper notes .
Until now , ambulance drivers worked out the charges themselves , often leading to complaints from members of the public who felt that their bills were too high , The Beijing News says .
In February , Chinese media reported that a man in Shandong was slapped with a 3,600-yuan charge after his ill father was transported 80km to hospital . That 's about half the monthly wage of an average Beijing worker .
On social media , the fact that ambulances charge for their services at all is news to most users . `` I always thought that ambulances were free , '' writes one person on the Sina Weibo microblogging site . Plenty of people think it 's unethical to charge for emergency services , and one user wonders : `` Will you need an entrance ticket to go into hospital in future ? ''
A few users think that ambulance meters are a good idea , with one saying it 'll help them `` be more efficient '' . But some sarcastically suggest that - as with some unscrupulous taxi drivers - the meters might provide an incentive to take the long way round . `` In future , do n't rule out ambulances taking a detour when using the meter , '' one man says .
Last month , Ben Schlappig 's Instagram page showed him jetting out of Beijing , dining on coffee and cake in Germany and marveling at the Los Angeles skyline from the top of Mulholland Drive .
While the pictures suggest that the 25-year-old is on some extended vacation - he is not . This is his life and job .
Last year , when Schlappig 's lease ended , he packed his entire life into a few suitcases and started flying around the world full time , using his expert knowledge of airline reward programs to fly at practically no cost at all .
'I 'm very fortunate in that I do what I love , ' Schlappig said in an interview with Rolling Stone . 'An airplane is my bedroom . It 's my office , and it 's my playroom . '
Schlappig is part of a community known as 'Hobbyists , ' who have been outsmarting the airlines on their own rewards programs for decades , using their frequent flyer statuses , credit card incentives and mistakes in airline ticketing algorithms to get them free tickets around the world .
It 's a community New York born Schlappig has been a part of since he was 13 , when he discovered the Hobby website Flyer Talk and started learning the tricks of the trade on the site 's online discussion boards .
Never having really fit in at school , Schlappig spent a lot of time online mastering the art of the Hobby and within a year started spending his weekend flying across the country on back to back flights , never even leaving the airport , to stack up thousands of frequent flyer miles .
'It was an interesting hobby , ' his dad Arno said . 'I said , `` Hey ! Keep it up . It 's better than smoking pot . '' '
When his lease ended in April 2014 , he packed all of his belongings into a few black suitcases and started traveling the world full time .
He estimates that he spends about six hours a day in the sky , and when he 's not flying , he lives in five-star hotels wherever he chooses .
While not having a permanent city to call home would make most crazy , Schlappig says the closest place to his home is an airplane cabin or lounge , though he does admit to sometimes getting lonely .
'The world is so big , I can keep running , ' Schlappig says . 'At the same time , it makes you realize the world is so small . '
Adults who have at least one diet drink a day are three times more at risk from a stroke or dementia , research shows lately .
Scientists say they should no longer be regarded as the healthier alternative and urge the public to stick to water or milk .
Their study of almost 4,400 adults also suggests diet drinks are more likely to cause strokes and dementia than those full of sugar .
There was no link between sugary beverages and either of the illnesses - although the researchers are n't encouraging us to drink them either .
The team of scientists from Boston University believe the artificial sweeteners including aspartame and saccharine maybe affecting the blood vessels , eventually triggering strokes and dementia .
Diet drinks account for a quarter of the sweetened beverages market but there is growing evidence they are not as healthy as previously thought .
A major review in January by Imperial College London researchers found they were no better at aiding weight loss than full fat drinks .
In fact the authors suggested they were encouraging obesity by triggering the sugar receptors in the brain , making us crave sweet food .
In this latest study - published in the American Heart Association 's journal Stroke - researchers looked at 4,372 adults over the age of 45 .
They had filled in detailed questionnaires on their food and drink intake in the 1990s and were then tracked for ten years .
The results showed that adults who had one or more diet drink a day were 2.9 times more likely to develop dementia and 3 times more at risk of strokes compared to those who virtually none at all .
Matthew Pase , senior fellow in the department of neurology at Boston University School of Medicine , said : 'Our study shows a need to put more research into this area given how often people drink artificially sweetened beverages .
'Although we did not find an association between stroke or dementia and the consumption of sugary drinks , this certainly does not mean they are a healthy option .
'We recommend that people drink water on a regular basis instead of sugary or artificially sweetened beverages . '
The researchers are still not sure whether diet drinks are causing strokes or dementia – or whether those who consume them are at higher risk anyway .
Previous studies have shown they tend to be consumed by adults who are already overweight or obese .
Dr Rosa Sancho , Head of Research at Alzheimer 's Research UK , said : 'This interesting new study has pointed to higher rates of dementia in people who drink more artificially-sweetened drinks , but it does n't show that these drinks are the cause of this altered risk . '
'Future studies will need to confirm these findings in other groups of people , and explore what might be underlying any link between artificially-sweetened soft drinks and dementia . '
Researchers have designed a lithium-ion battery that contains a fire-extinguishing material , which is released if the battery gets too hot .
In tests , battery fires were extinguished in 0.4 seconds .
Lithium-ion batteries power many devices but are a known fire hazard .
The Stanford University research team 's peer-reviewed paper has been published by the journal Science Advances .
Previous attempts to incorporate TPP inside batteries without the shell have hampered their performance .
If a lithium-ion battery cell charges too quickly or a tiny manufacturing error slips through the net it can result in a short circuit - which can lead to fire .
In February 2016 , the US National Transportation Safety Board issued a warning about lithium batteries in aeroplane cargo , describing them as `` a fire and explosion ignition source '' .
While Samsung has not yet released the results of its investigation into what caused some of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones to catch fire last year , local reports have suggested it has found that the batteries were responsible .
However , the firm would not confirm that this was their conclusion .
`` We understand the need for answers and appreciate your continued patience as well as that of our valued customers , partners and stakeholders , '' it said in a statement .
`` We are working diligently to ensure that we have a comprehensive update and will provide more information in the coming weeks once we have the final report . ''
Battery technology has been slower to evolve than the many battery-powered devices that rely on it , said Ian Fogg , senior analyst at IHS .
`` There is enormous pressure to improve battery tech . It 's one of the areas that 's holding back mobile devices and a range of other products , '' he told the BBC .
`` Manufacturers have been balancing out consumer demand for longer-lived batteries , and more powerful devices with better graphics and larger more detailed displays , with the sophistication of battery tech .
`` It 's very difficult to push up the capacity of batteries and there is always a risk that a battery in any device could fail . ''
We ’ ve long been told that an apple a day keeps the doctor away .
But now , researchers have discovered a pear a day keeps the pounds away .
A new study found that pears are associated with lower body weight .
People who consume pears are 35 per cent less likely to be obese , scientists discovered .
The study also found that pear consumption is associated with higher diet quality .
Pears are an ‘ excellent source ’ of fiber , in addition to being a good source of vitamin C .
A single medium pear contains nearly 24 per cent the daily fiber recommendations – and is only 100 calories .
The fruit is also free of fat , cholesterol and sodium – and contains 190 mg of potassium .
Researchers from the Louisiana State University looked at data from 2001 to 2010 for the study .
They used a nationally representative sample to analyse the association of fresh pear consumption with nutrient intake , nutrient adequacy , diet quality and cardiovascular risk factors in adults .
Dr Carol O ’ Neil , who led the study , said : ‘ The association between pears and lower weight is very exciting .
‘ We believe fiber intake may have driven the lower body weights that were seen in this study . ’
She added : ‘ There was no difference in energy intake or level of physical activity found between the fresh pear consumers and non-consumers . ’
Eating one medium fresh pear each day has a positive effect on nutrient intake .
The fruit has higher percentages of fiber , vitamin C , magnesium , copper and potassium , and leads to higher mean intakes of total sugars .
Consumers of fresh pears also have lower intakes of total , monounsaturated fatty acids , saturated fatty acids and added sugars .
According to the USDA Guidelines for Americans , people who eat more fruit as part of an overall healthy diet are more likely to reduce their risk of chronic diseases .
But , the researchers noted that little has been published on the health outcomes associated with individual fruits – including pears .
However , the USA Pear Bureau said it is continuing to collaborate with researchers to commission additional studies to show the relationship between pears and positive health outcomes .
The study was published in Nutrition and Food Science .
The International Monetary Fund could be based in Beijing in a decade if growth trends for China and other big emerging markets continue and these are reflected in the Fund 's voting structure , IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde said on Monday .
Lagarde said at a Center for Global Development event in Washington that such a move was `` a possibility '' because the Fund will need to increase the representation of major emerging markets as their economies grow larger and more influential .
`` Which might very well mean , that if we have this conversation in 10 years ' time ... we might not be sitting in Washington , D.C. We 'll do it in our Beijing head office , '' Lagarde said .
She added that the IMF 's bylaws call for the institution 's head office to be located in the largest member economy .
Since the IMF was launched in 1945 , that has always been the United States , which currently has an effective veto over IMF decisions with a 16.5 percent share of its board votes .
But economists estimate that China , with growth rates forecast above 6 percent , will likely overtake US gross domestic product sometime over the next decade to become the world 's largest economy in nominal terms . Some , including the IMF , have argued that China already contributes more to global growth on a purchasing power parity basis , which adjusts for differences in prices .
The IMF last revised its quota system , or voting structure in 2010 , but is set to launch another review next year .
It is probably no exaggeration to say that , these days , anyone who uses the internet on their phone understands the formidable power of a deftly deployed cat GIF , a knowingly dropped “ crying with laughter ” smiley , or a casually placed icon of a minuscule rose , watermelon , or cup of coffee . Today 's world is one in which the emoji reigns supreme .
“ Emoji ” is a Japanese word meaning “ pictograph , ” composed of the Japanese characters e , meaning “ picture , ” and moji , meaning “ written character. ” In Japan , it originally referred to the ideograms and smileys used on mobile phones in the late 1990s . Since Apple added emojis to an iPhone update in 2011 , they have taken the world by storm . One could say that , in the internet age , emojis are the world 's most widely understood language .
However , on Chinese social media , just understanding how to use emojis is not enough . Recently , young Chinese have become infatuated with an even more complex form of emoji called biaoqingbao , or sticker sets .
Much like emojis , sticker sets are groups of graphics used to express emotions . However , emojis tend to come in uniform sets distributed by phone manufacturers as part of their products ' operating systems , making them centralized , standardized , and limited in quantity . In contrast , the power to create and distribute sticker sets does n't lie in the hands of corporations — anyone can create them . Sticker sets are therefore decentralized : They generally comprise images or animated GIFs of popular celebrities , viral quotes , anime scenes , or TV and film stills , frequently paired with a line of text . In essence , sticker sets are considerably more diverse and individualized than emojis .
Sticker sets have come to dominate the social networks of young Chinese people , especially those born in the 1990s . For some of them , verbal and text-based conversations have given way to a barrage of stickers , furiously posted in a kind of competition to see who has the most or the funniest .
During a recent conversation with an acquaintance of mine — a '90s kid — over messaging app WeChat , I wrote that I disagreed with something he had said . In response , he shot back a rapid volley of stickers . The first was a screenshot taken from the hit Chinese political drama “ In the Name of the People , ” in which an actor , Xu Yajun , purses his lips in a look of suspicion . Next came a popular internet meme of a floppy-limbed girl pulling a face of exaggerated exasperation , followed quickly by an image of a ginger cat whose comically drawn-on frown was supplemented by a single character meaning “ Hmmph ! ” Last but not least , my phone lit up with the pouting baby face of Huang Zitao , a Chinese singer and actor best known for his involvement in popular boy band EXO . None of these stickers expressed genuine anger , despite their obvious petulance . Instead , they were meant as a rather coy way of saying : “ Why do n't you agree with me ? ”
Chinese people born in the '90s grew up in a fundamentally different environment from their elders . Today , connected to a veritable ocean of online information and surrounded by the clamor of differing opinions , new youth subcultures have emerged , challenging the previously hegemonic power of central ideology and opening up space for greater individualism and creativity .
Young people have used this technology to construct their own system of expression and communication , complete with unique aesthetic and value systems . The internet has , in many ways , given them a means of constructing new cultural identities . It is precisely for this reason that sticker sets have won their affection . Socializing in China traditionally places a great emphasis on established etiquette that governs everything from what you wear , to how you sit , to how you treat your elders . Unsurprisingly , young people tend to dislike such over-elaborate formalities .
Online messaging frequently lacks the context clues and mood indicators that we take for granted in real life , such as facial expressions , tone of voice , and pauses in speech . In China , the solution is to employ cheerful , entertaining , and tongue-in-cheek sticker sets . A skillfully used sticker is capable of accurately expressing the speaker 's state of mind without risking the tension or awkwardness that comes with social misunderstanding . They serve the same purposes as mood indicators .
To give another example , this sticker serves to put an end to the conversation when its user is ready to go to bed . Between close friends or in the context of a romantic relationship , merely saying “ Goodnight ” might seem perfunctory . Instead , the image shows a man in bed , his face flushed , accompanied by deliberate sexual innuendo : “ I 'm off to bed — I 'll leave the door open though. ” Not only is this sticker able to effectively terminate the conversation , but it also reaffirms a degree of intimacy between speakers . It lets the recipient know that , in the other person 's eyes , they are more than just a random acquaintance .
Sticker sets are the new language of China 's youth . Some of the country 's scholars are concerned that young people 's literacy skills will decline as stickers continue to dominate social media . While these concerns are not completely unfounded , they are somewhat excessive . What China 's youths need now is more channels of self-expression . We must allow them to speak more freely and independently , so that their unique subcultures may challenge mainstream culture and make mainstream values more relaxed , diverse , and tolerant . For the moment , at least , sticker sets are playing this critical role .
Uber has introduced a motorcycle taxi service in the congested streets of Bangkok .
The move is an effort to counter what rival ride-hailing apps are doing -- competitor Grab already offers a motorcycle option in the Thai capital , called GrabBike .
It is n't Uber 's first go at motorcycles . In 2012 , the company launched a moto-taxi option in Paris for a few weeks as a short-term experiment . It has n't tried another motorcycle feature until the Bangkok one , which it has designed for cities in developing countries like Thailand , according to spokesman Karun Arya .
`` Two-wheel transportation is a form of mobility for millions and millions of people , '' he said .
Motorbike rides can now be requested like any other Uber taxi on the app in three central Bangkok neighborhoods , and the driver will even show up with a helmet for the passenger .
`` Motorcycles are part of the commuting culture in Thailand , '' Douglas Ma , Uber 's head of Asia expansion , said in a statement . He suggested the new service would `` create tens of thousands of flexible work opportunities for Thais . ''
Fares start at 10 baht , and cost an additional 3.50 baht for each kilometer and 0.85 baht per minute for every ride -- cheaper than the car service .
Bangkok residents reported varying degrees of success at finding available motorcycle taxis in the city after the feature launched Wednesday , ranging from a few minutes away to none at all . Uber declined to comment on how many motorcycles are available through the app .
The startup said it has plans to roll out the motorcycle service in other cities in the near future , but it would n't specify which ones .
Pepsi apologised and pulled the ad after accusations . But it was n't the only company copping flak for poor creativity .
German skincare brand Nivea also said sorry over its `` white is purity '' deodorant advert that was deemed discriminatory and racially insensitive .
Meanwhile , in the UK , the Co-op supermarket was accused of `` outrageous sexism '' in an advert for chocolate Easter eggs that encouraged parents to `` treat your daughter for doing the washing up '' , while Cadbury was criticised after dropping the word `` Easter '' from its egg hunts .
These campaigns have now taken their place in the pantheon of bad advertising . Here are a few more picks from recent memory .
Snickers
Here 's another one that left a sour taste . The Snickers TV advert featuring Mr T as BA Baracus from The A-Team was pulled after it was accused of being insulting to gay men .
Mr T is shown firing Snickers chocolate bars at a man who 's speed walking in tight yellow shorts , while yelling , `` You are a disgrace to the man race . It 's time to run like a real man . ''
Confectionery giant Mars , which owns Snickers , released a statement saying the advert was intended to be funny but that `` humour is highly subjective '' .
Dunkin ' Donuts
In the US and most of the West , this poster would have caused outrage and accusations of racism .
But in Thailand , an image of a woman in blackface and bright pink lipstick to promote a new `` charcoal donut '' was n't deemed a big deal .
The chief executive of the Thai franchise - whose daughter was the model - reportedly said at the time : `` I do n't get it . What 's the big fuss ? What if the product was white and I painted someone white , would that be racist ? '' But a spokesman for Dunkin ' Brands apologised .
The use of blackface - which historically was used by non-black performers to represent a black person - is still used in some Asian countries . Last year , a company in China used it to promote a laundry detergent .
Ford India
The US carmaker was forced to issue an apology over a poster that featured three gagged and bound women in the boot of a car .
It also showed former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi in the driver 's seat grinning and flashing the peace sign .
The advert for Ford 's new Fido hatchback was posted online soon after India passed a new law on violence against women following a fatal gang rape .
Singapore 's 'own goal '
This anti-gambling advert deserves to be ranked in the Hall of Fame ( or shame ) for the amount of jokes it generated .
It was released to coincide with the 2014 World Cup and featured a boy complaining to friends that his dad had bet his life savings on Germany winning . The trouble is ... Germany won .
Singapore officials updated the ad but not before it got lampooned around the world .
French faux pas
It takes quite a lot to shock in France , a country many consider to be one of the most liberal in Europe .
But a 2010 anti-smoking advertisement featuring teenagers and sex innuendos did just that , with one minister calling it an `` outrage to decency '' .
Critics said the highly suggestive pictures trivialised the sexual abuse of minors .
Thankfully we 've since moved on to pictures of diseased organs to put people off smoking instead .
Bloomingdale 's
There was n't any cheering when the US department store Bloomingdale 's released its Christmas catalogue two years ago .
The photo of an attractive , well-dressed woman being eyeballed by an unsmiling man looked innocent enough ...
Until you read the creepy caption that said `` spike your best friend 's eggnog when they 're not looking '' .
The online backlash was swift with many interpreting it as supporting date rape . Bloomingdale 's admitted the ad was `` in poor taste '' .
If you 've always wanted to speak another language , or just want to understand your Spanish boyfriend , then you 're in luck .
Thanks to the internet , it 's become easier and easier to learn a new language - and you do n't even have to pay a penny .
You can watch foreign films on Youtube or streaming sites , order books from every country in the world and chat online .
Millions of language learners now also use Duolingo , a free app which treats learning like a game . Practicing earns you points and unlocks new levels of vocabulary .
We asked one super user , Matthias Salzger , about his experience and what tips he has for beginners .
'Thanks to my online Spanish , I was top of my class '
I started using Duolingo in June 2013 . After seeing it in a Youtube video I thought : “ It would be cool to speak some Spanish. ” Soon I was hooked .
I learnt all of my early Spanish on Duolingo . In fact , I switched schools in the autumn of 2013 and found out I had learned in three months on Duolingo what my new classmates had in three years . I passed a test the school required me to take with flying colours and quickly was at the top of my class .
Besides Spanish , I learnt some Italian on Duolingo , what I believe to be almost conversational Esperanto , and a good chunk of my French .
Duolingo can only get you so far . After you ’ ve got the basics , read . And then read some more . Skip the children ’ s books and start with the stuff that you ’ re actually interested in . Other than that , try watching a movie or a TV series .
The most important tip in my opinion is to do what ’ s fun for you .
I guess my level in Spanish now is around B1-B2 ( intermediate ) . I didn ’ t get there with Duolingo alone . I also read quite a bit , watched some cartoons in Spanish and attended a language school in Spain for two weeks .
But you don ’ t need expensive programs like Rosetta Stone , a private teacher or even language classes . The really important factor is that you stay motivated and stick with it .
Matthias ’ 7 tips for learning a language :
1 . Set yourself a goal
This goal could be finishing the Duolingo tree , or being able to speak with your friend in their native language . Work every day at it !
2 . Team up with other learners
When using Duolingo , don ’ t forget to use the sentence discussion and read the grammar notes too . The discussion boards are also worth taking a look at ( only available in the web version ) .
Ask questions , look for people to learn alongside with and if you ’ re already there check out Lingots For Stories , a weekly writing challenge managed by myself and other great Duolingo members .
3 . Start reading
Check out your local library or the internet ( a lot of books can be found as pdf downloads ) . Now here comes what might seem like a bizarre tip : don ’ t use a dictionary !
Instead , try to understand the word from its context . This might be incredibly hard in the beginning , but I promise it gets easier . You won ’ t forget the words , as you might if you just look them up . And don ’ t worry about getting it wrong as you ’ ll encounter the word again and correct your mistake .
4 . Watch films
Try watching a movie or TV series . You can stream it online . If you can ’ t do that legally , see if the movies you own have an audio track in your language of choice . Youtube is also a great source for foreign language material .
5 . Follow your interests
I ’ ve tried reading children ’ s books in Spanish but found them so boring that I never got past the first few pages . Then I read Ficcionesby Jorge Luis Borges , which is quite a difficult book , and I loved it . As a rule of thumb , if you wouldn ’ t read or watch it in your native language , you also shouldn ’ t in your second language .
6 . Chat
If you know somebody who speaks the language you ’ re learning you should definitely try to get them to talk with you .
7 . Be patient
The cost of learning a language isn ’ t money but your time . It can take years .
Don ’ t expect a language course to just shove the knowledge into your mouth . You have to earn it .
Samsung , maker of the troubled Galaxy Note 7 smartphone , has another problem on its hands .
US regulators on Wednesday warned owners of certain top-loading Samsung washing machines of `` safety issues '' following reports that some have exploded .
The warning , from the Consumer Product Safety Commission , covered machines made between March 2011 and April 2016 . It did not specify a model .
The commission suggested people use only the delicate cycle to wash bedding and water-resistant and bulky items because the lower spin speed `` lessens the risk of impact injuries or property damage due to the washing machine becoming dislodged . ''
The agency said it is working with Samsung on a remedy .
The warning comes more than a month after Samsung was hit with a federal class-action lawsuit by customers who said their machines had exploded during use .
Customers in Texas , Georgia and Indiana all said they were washing clothes when they heard a violent boom .
A washer belonging to a McAllen , Texas , woman `` exploded with such ferocity that it penetrated the interior wall of her garage , '' according to court filings . A woman in Dallas , Georgia , said it felt and sounded as if `` a bomb went off . ''
The lawsuit , filed in federal court in New Jersey , references similar reports collected by local news and filed online with regulators . It also claims Samsung `` has moved aggressively to collect and destroy all evidence of the defective machines '' after they exploded .
Samsung declined comment on the litigation . But a statement on its website says the company is talking to US authorities about how to address potential safety problems .
`` In rare cases , affected units may experience abnormal vibrations that could pose a risk of personal injury or property damage when washing bedding , bulky or water-resistant items , '' the statement says .
Samsung also said its customers `` have completed hundreds of millions of loads without incident since 2011 . ''
Samsung ( SSNLF ) earlier this month said it would replace 2.5 million of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphones after reports of battery fires . And this week , a tech worker in China , which was not part of the recall , told reporter that his device burst into flames while charging .
Gaming is often seen as an unsociable and solitary pursuit . But fans of Pokémon GO claim the augmented reality craze - which since its launch last week has had users chasing around their neighborhoods in pursuit of fictional creatures - has given rise to so many chance meetings between strangers that people have started using it as a dating app .
Numerous users have shared their stories of romance spurred by the app - claiming that they were either asked out while playing the game or invited on a Pokémon GO date with their potential love interest . It has also proved a hit as a dating activity among existing couples and as a new way of making friends .
Such is the popularity of the game - which has already been installed on more Android devices than dating app Tinder - that some fans are using it to replace movie nights , giving rise to the phrase 'Pokémon GO and chill ' , adapted from 'Netflix and chill ' .
Twitter is full of stories of people being asked out on dates while out playing the game - which is based in the real world with graphics superimposed and requires users to walk around the streets trying to 'catch ' Pokémon characters that appear on their screens .
A popular dating hotspot for fans of the game are 'PokéStops ' - real world locations that are marked on the game map where users linger to get 'Poké Balls ' and eggs that hatch into Pokémon .
Craigslist has numerous messages from people trying to contact people they met while playing the game . The Chicago Tribune reported that it has led to 'dozens of Craigslist missed connections ' .
A Reddit post entitled 'Pokémon GO got me a date ' tells the story of a gamer who met a woman after she asked : 'Hey , are you playing Pokemon Go too ? '
After chatting about the game they agreed to meet the following day to play and go on a date .
One Twitter user , 'Tipsy Gypsy ' , from Las Vegas , Nevada , wrote : 'Who needs tinder when I just got asked out on a date to go play # PokémonGO by a guy I met in a park searching for pokéstops [ sic ] ' .
Kali , 19 , from Seattle , wrote on Twitter : 'Just had a guy ask if I was playing Pokémon Go and he immediately asked me out LMAO [ sic ] ' .
Todd Schlickbernd , a video producer from Washington , hailed the game the 'easiest ice breaker ever ' .
He wrote : 'Should totally wrap Pokémon GO in a dating app . Easiest ice breaker ever . And you do n't even have to pick a spot , just , who we catchin ' ? '
Another user from Elk Grove , California , writing under the name 'Mic Dog ' , tweeted : 'Just went out for over an hour at a park at night . Was approached by a guy who asked if I was playing Pokemon Go . Ended up hanging with [ sic ] ' .
The game is also being used by pre-existing couples as a way of spending time together .
One woman said her boyfriend used it as a way of getting her out of the house to propose .
Amanda Jane wrote on Twitter : 'To get me out of the house so he could propose , he asked if I wanted to go play # PokémonGO at the park . '
Okay , so books were around for a long time before Harry Potter . But JK Rowling turned book consumption , especially for children , into something close to addiction .
You want proof ? The UK release of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban in 1999 was timed at 3.45pm to prevent children in England and Wales from skipping school to get their copy .
The later books got HUGE but it did n't stop kids devouring them .
Grown-ups got hooked too , with the books being released in adult-friendly covers .
The book releases themselves became headline news : when the fourth book Goblet of Fire came out in 2000 , booksellers around the world got together to coordinate the first ever global midnight launch .
When Rowling received an honorary degree at St Andrews University that same year , the Scottish institution said she had proved that children 's books `` are still capable of capturing and enchanting an immense audience , irrespective of the competing attractions of television , Nintendo , Gameboy and Pokemon '' .
The Harry Potter books are credited with opening the way to a whole swathe load of young adult fantasy fiction .
Lots of books were released in the hope they would be `` the next Harry Potter '' , such as Artemis Fowl , The Spiderwick Chronicles and A Series of Unfortunate Events .
Would we have had blockbuster series like Twilight and The Hunger Games novels had not Potter paved the way ?
And let 's not forget fan fiction .
The internet is thrumming with tens of thousands of unofficial spin-off stories about life at Hogwarts , The Dursleys and what the Weasley twins get up to at parties .
For a generation of kids brought up on Thomas the Tank Engine and The Polar Express , there was suddenly a shiny new steam train in the engine shed .
Yes , the Hogwarts Express .
No trip to King 's Cross Station in London is complete without a selfie on Platform Nine and Three-Quarters .
Most words have to be around for 10 years before they will be considered for the Oxford English Dictionary , but JK Rowling 's word `` muggle '' - which made its debut in Philosopher 's Stone - was an exception .
It was added to the OED in less than half the usual time , appearing in 2002 as `` a person who lacks a particular skill or skills , or who is regarded as inferior in some way '' .
In the world of Harry Potter , a muggle is a person without magical powers .
We suspect that Crumple-Horned Snorkack - an elusive magical creature in Sweden - may take longer to make it into the muggle lexicon .
In the books , Quidditch is a magical sport played on flying broomsticks , and involves bludgers , quaffles and a golden snitch - a small ball with wings .
In the real world , Quidditch is a non-magical sport played on broomsticks , and involves bludgers , quaffles and a golden snitch - a person in a yellow t-shirt with a Velcro tail attached to their shorts .
It started in the US around 2005 and has become a global sport with its own governing body . The Quidditch World Cup takes place annually and was won last year by Australia .
Until recently , the eight Harry Potter films were the largest-grossing film franchise in history , having brought in a whopping $ 7.7bn worldwide .
The first Harry Potter film - Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone - was released in November 2001 .
As well as breaking box office records faster than a trip on the Knight Bus , it also introduced the young Daniel Radcliffe , Emma Watson and Rupert Grint to the world .
The final film , Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 ( 2011 ) is the highest grossing of all the Potter films at $ 1.34bn . It 's the eighth-highest grossing film of all time .
The franchise - now known as JK Rowling 's Wizarding World - has continued with the spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them ( 2016 ) .
And there 's plenty more to come . Rowling has said she has planned scripts for a total of five Fantastic Beasts films .
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child opened in London in 2016 to the same kind of Pottermania that surrounded the release of the books and films .
Some 1,500 fans at the very first performance , many dressed as witches and wizards , gasped at the various plot revelations and stage illusions .
The two-part play begins with Harry , Ron and Hermione in their mid-30s as their own children head off to Hogwarts school .
The play won a record-breaking nine prizes at this year 's Olivier Awards .
Cursed Child will be opening on Broadway in New York in 2018 and JK Rowling has said she would like it to be seen widely around the world .
Millions of people reaching young adulthood have never known a world without Harry Potter .
Many who 've grown up with the books can now get regular doses of JK Rowling via social media - she 's got an army of almost 11m followers .
When Donald Trump was compared with Lord Voldemort last year , Rowling tweeted : `` How horrible . Voldemort was nowhere near as bad . ''
She later mocked Twitter users who threatened to burn her books .
Twenty years on from that first book , it looks like no-one 's going to be saying `` Avada Kedavra '' to Harry Potter anytime soon .
Young people might think there is a shortcut to success after watching the many talent shows on television and they could feel less motivated to study hard as a result . Both society and the producers of these programs should make more effort to highlight the difficulties that successful people have overcome and break the illusion of overnight fame .
Yan Weiwen , member of the CPPCC National Committee and celebrated singer
The current education system , which comprises three years in preschool , six years in primary school , six years in middle school , four years as an undergraduate and three years of graduate study , is a bit too long . It 's a burden for both students and parents and is out of step with the fast-moving digital age . I hope the government can look into reforming the education system and make it work better , both for the benefit of students and society .
Mo Yan , member of the CPPCC National Committee and the 2012 winner of the Nobel Prize inLiterature
Our current management and operation of major stadiums need to be updated with international practices . More functions and business modes could be explored to rejuvenate some venues that have fallen into disuse after hosting just one major event .
Yao Ming , member of the CPPCC National Committee and former basketball star
Why nowadays are most TV series costume dramas and period dramas ? Because it 's too difficult to put a drama that reflects reality onto the screen . I created a TV drama , One Family from Wenzhou , which tells the story of how a family from Zhejiang province made a living by doing business across the country in the 1980s and finally expanded their business to Europe . When I proposed the drama to the State Administration of Press , Publication , Radio , Film and Television , they asked me to consult and get approval from six ministries , including the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the National Energy Administration .
Gao Mantang , screenwriter and member of the CPPCC National Committee
When I was young I received much help from the older generation of film people . Now , it 's time for us to nurture the next generation . I will serve as president of Shanghai Film Academy . It 's a university . But I do n't think it necessary for a young man who has talent for movies to score 600 in the national college entrance examination .
Chen Kaige , film director and member of the CPPCC National Committee
Chinese schools put too much stress on knowledge and technique but neglect the basic values of how to be a human being . Teaching materials that are currently used in moral education courses are outdated . We have forgotten many old traditional values . Students are addicted to videogames featuring fighting or beasts . Why do n't video games companies invent some games that both suit the interest of students and teach them moral lessons ?
Jiang Kun , member of the CPPCC National Committee and celebrated crosstalk artist
We artists should push ourselves to create better work . The government now spends a lot of money and effort on promoting Chinese productions abroad , and these high-quality productions will naturally attract agencies to book actors and companies to tour abroad . We artists also should improve ourselves so we set examples for the younger generation . Many of today 's young actors only pursue fame and wealth . Some good old acting values have been lost . Some young actors even have no patience to learn basic technique . They are too eager to find overnight fame .
Pu Cunxin , actor and member of the CPPCC National Committee
Seoul 's city government is asking people for help to correct poorly translated street signs - with prizes on offer for those who spot the most errors .
It 's running a two-week campaign calling on Koreans and foreigners alike to keep their eyes peeled for mistakes in English , Japanese and Chinese text , the Korea Times reports .
There 's a particular focus on public transport signs , maps and information signs at historic sites , as part of a drive to improve the experience of foreign tourists in the South Korean capital . Anyone spotting a confusing or incorrect translation is being asked to snap a photo and report the details via email .
As an added incentive , the government is stumping up 1.6m won ( $ 1,430 ) in gift vouchers , with the top error-spotter getting an `` award of excellence '' and a 200,000 won voucher ( $ 180 ) .
While the campaign 's promotional poster uses fairly innocuous typos as examples , the internet is awash with more amusing - and sometimes embarrassing - errors , particularly on tourist menus . Earlier this year , South Korea 's government announced plans to crack down on baffling menu translations .
While Seoul is trying to adopt more visitor-friendly signage , its own tourism campaigns have run into language troubles in the past . Last year , `` I.Seoul.U '' was chosen as a slogan to promote the city internationally , and was promptly mocked for making little sense in English .
The New York Times has embarked on a new form of storytelling to enhance its coverage of the Summer Olympics : Two-way text-messaging .
For two weeks , deputy sports editor Sam Manchester will be sending text messages from the Olympic Games in Rio to readers who sign up for the service .
Unlike email alerts or push notifications , these texts will give readers an informal , behind-the-scenes look at the Games , almost as if they had a friend texting them directly . Readers can also write back to Manchester . And while he wo n't be able to reply to each message , the responses can be used to personalize each reader 's experience .
The innovation is an effort to reach readers on the platforms that are central to their lives , Andrew Phelps , the Times ' Director of Personalization , told CNNMoney .
`` For a lot of users , messaging apps are the new homescreen , '' said Phelps , who came up with the idea . `` We 've spent a lot of time thinking about how we might tell stories through that lens and bring readers closer to the journalism and to the journalists . ''
`` People have asked , 'Could n't you just do this on Twitter , ' '' Phelps continued . `` We could , except this is a much more personal relationship . We can show up in the same place as your friend , your mom and your work colleague . ''
Readers who sign up for the service receive a text that reads , `` Hey . Sam here from the NYT sports desk . I 'll be your personal guide to the Rio Olympics ( so you do n't have to go ) ... . '' ( Manchester also makes liberal use of emojis . )
For now , Manchester said he plans to send three to four texts a day . Along with texts , he 'll send photos , GIFs , motion graphics and videos , he said .
There will also be texts that prompt readers to respond with a choice . For instance , `` What question should I ask this athlete ? '' or `` Which team do you think will win this competition ? '' Readers ' responses will be placed into groups by a team in New York , and Manchester can then write tailored responses to each group .
If it works , Manchester said he could envision the service being used for other major events , like the Republican and Democratic conventions and The Super Bowl .
`` Obviously this is foreign territory for me and for us , so we 're feeling it out as we go along , '' he said . `` But it feels like a cool way to interact with our people , and to make the Times feel a little more user-friendly . ''
According to the 14th annual edition of its World University Rankings , the list of the top 1,000 universities from 77 countries and regions , there are two Chinese mainland institutions in the top 30 for the first time and China boasts more universities in the rankings than ever before .
Key institutions that moved up the list from last year 's rankings include Peking University , which went from 29th to 27th place , reaching the same rank as the University of Edinburgh and New York University . Tsinghua University increased from 35th place to 30th , overtaking the University of Melbourne , Georgia Institute of Technology , and LMU Munich . Fudan University climbed 39 places to 116th position .
China 's Hong Kong has six universities in this year 's ranking , including three in the top 100 and two in the top 50 . The University of Hong Kong is Hong Kong 's number one institution , ranking number 40 .
Phil Baty , editorial director of the rankings from Times Higher Education , said : `` Our rankings show that the Asian giant 's higher education improvement is real and growing . With two top-30 representatives for the first time in the 13-year history of the rankings , China 's leading universities are truly now part of the global elite and overtaking prestigious universities in the US , UK , and Europe . ''
An expert in global university rankings for 20 years , Baty said that the rise of Chinese higher education had been driven by a large investment in science and technology subjects .
`` Chinese universities are doing outstanding work in science , technology , mathematics , life sciences , '' Baty said , adding that the next phase for China would be to strengthen its arts and humanities and social sciences programs . `` I think arts and humanity subjects are very important to create the balance and to provide the creativity needed to push research to the next level . So that 's the challenge . Another challenge is perhaps to be even more international. ``
Globally , the University of Oxford retained first place in the rankings . The University of Cambridge climbed two places to second , overtaking the California Institute of Technology and Stanford University , both in third place . In terms of institution numbers , the United States continues to dominate the rankings .
In Asia , the National University of Singapore tops the ranking in this region , in 22nd place globally . Japan 's flagship , the University of Tokyo , has fallen to its lowest position in the 13-year history of the table to 46th place . And three of South Korea 's leading universities have declined .
Baty believes that the trend demonstrates the global higher education landscape is changing . `` Other east Asian nations are feeling the competition from the rise of China . ''
One of the most prestigious world university ranking systems , the Times Higher Education has published the World University Rankings every year since 2004 . It has 13 separate performance indicators , covering the full range of a university 's core activities including teaching , research , knowledge transfer , and international outlook . The 1,000 universities ranked have all been evaluated by their academic peers through a survey which draws on more than 20,000 survey responses from senior scholars from more than 140 countries and regions .
JK Rowling 's Dumbledore is to have a new face - and it belongs to Jude Law .
The Oscar-nominated actor will play the young Albus in the sequel to Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them .
Law 's casting sees him follow in the footsteps of Richard Harris and Sir Michael Gambon , who shared the role of Harry 's headmaster in the Potter films .
The new film , due out in November 2018 , will depict the character before he became head of Hogwarts .
Directed by David Yates , Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 2 will see Eddie Redmayne reprise his role as `` magizoologist '' Newt Scamander .
`` Jude Law is a phenomenally talented actor whose work I 've long admired and I 'm looking forward to finally having the opportunity to work with him , '' said Yates in a statement .
`` I know he will brilliantly capture all the unexpected facets of Albus Dumbledore as JK Rowling reveals this very different time in his life . ''
The new film will also see Johnny Depp return as Gellert Grindelwald , the villainous wizard briefly seen at the end of the first Fantastic Beasts film .
Warner Bros president Toby Emmerich said : `` As fans ourselves , we are thrilled to have Jude Law joining the Fantastic Beasts cast , playing a character so universally adored .
`` Jude has been a member of the Warner Bros family for years and we 're excited to embark on this new adventure with him . ''
Born in south London in 1972 , Law has received Oscar nominations for his roles in 1999 's The Talented Mr Ripley and 2003 's Cold Mountain .
He also plays Doctor Watson in Guy Ritchie 's Sherlock Holmes films and can currently be seen in HBO 's The Young Pope .
If you ’ re hangry and some manspreading rando is riling you up , these snackable definitions should help , mkay ?
The latest slang phrases added to OxfordDictionaries.com have been revealed – reflecting evolving cultural , political and social norms .
Hangry ( angry due to hunger ) , manspreading ( encroaching on a neighbouring seat ) and rando ( a stranger acting oddly ) are among the 1,000 new words .
Snackable ( an easy read ) and mkay ( OK ) , joined the online dictionary after gaining widespread use , along with beer o ’ clock , bants , awesomesauce and bruh .
Editor Fiona McPherson said : “ It ’ s not about dumbing down , it ’ s more creative ways people are using language . ”
New to the dictionary :
awesomesauce , adj : ( US informal ) extremely good ; excellent
bants ( also bantz ) , pl . n : ( Brit informal ) playfully teasing remarks exchanged ; banter
beer o ’ clock , n : an appropriate time of day to start drinking beer ( likewise wine o ’ clock )
brain fart , n : ( informal ) a temporary mental lapse or failure to reason correctly
bruh , n : ( US informal ) a male friend ( often used as a form of address )
fatberg , n : a very large mass of solid waste in a sewerage system , consisting of congealed fat and personal hygiene products flushed down loos
fur baby , n : a person ’ s dog , cat or other furry pet
Grexit , n : the potential withdrawal of Greece from the eurozone
mx , n : a title used by those who wish to avoid specifying their gender
pocket dial , v : inadvertently call someone on a phone in one ’ s pocket
weak sauce , n : ( US informal ) something of a poor or disappointing standard or quality
Public transport was free in Paris on Monday and half of the city 's cars were forced off the road in a bid to fight pollution .
In a radical move which will be studied in other European capitals like London , French Socialists said everything had to be done to make air cleaner .
Anne Hidalgo , the mayor of Paris , said : 'I am delighted the state has agreed to put in place a partial driving ban on Monday , which I have been requesting for several days . '
Only vehicles with number plates ending in an odd number were allowed , with exemptions for taxis , electric cars and ambulances .
Authorities were planning to ban cars with odd numbers on Tuesday , but the scheme was halted following improving forecasts .
Foreign visitors to Paris , including thousands of Britons on holiday , were also permitted to use their cars .
But police patrols were seen booking locals who flouted the ban , forcing them to return home . Meanwhile , Metro trains and buses were full to overflowing as thousands abandoned their vehicles .
Air quality monitors showed concentrations of potentially dangerous particulates in the Pars air were above the recommended maximum .
These are created by cars and lorries , heating and heavy industry , and can potentially cause serious health problems .
'Due to the improving situation today and tomorrow , the alternative traffic ( plan ) will not be renewed Tuesday , ' announced Ecology Minister Segolene Royal , who took time to salute 'the good citizenship of motorists who understood the necessity of this measure . '
The Airparif monitoring agency said smog density was still near alert levels Monday , but rain forecast for Tuesday was expected to clear the air .
Though public transport is free of charge to take the sting out of the restrictions , drivers in the capital have protested against the measure , despite it having been used only twice since 1997 .
Similar emergency restrictions were last implemented almost exactly a year ago - on March 17 - during a particularly bad spike in the pollution levels .
Authorities measure the concentration of particulates with a diameter of less than 10 microns - so-called PM10 - in the air to determine pollution levels .
The safe limit for PM10 is set at 80 micrograms per cubic metre ( mcg/m3 ) , with levels in Paris Monday expected to be somewhere between 40 and 55 mcg/m3 .
The city 's alert level is fixed at 50 mcg/m3 .
According to a 2011 World Health Organisation report , the planet 's most polluted city was Ahvaz in Iran with an average of 372 mcg/m3 .
Beijing had an average of 121 mcg/m3 , while Paris was measured at 38 mcg/m3 .
A coffee shop in East London has provoked outrage after banning Ugg boots and referring to them as slag wellies .
Brick Lane Coffee in Shoreditch , East London , slated the popular Australian brand on a chalkboard outside its shop earlier this week , with the message : 'Sorry no Uggs ( slag wellies ) ' .
Passers-by took to Twitter to express their anger and it 's not the first time The Goswell Road establishment has caused controversy .
Earlier this year it prompted a similar response with a sign saying 'sorry , no poor people ' and another that read 'please do n't feed the crackies , ' referring to drug addicts .
Brick Lane Coffee are known for their provocative chalk board signs .
Previous offerings include : 'One coffee a day keeps Ebola away , ' and 'No Northerners ( you could n't afford it anyway ) . '
The independent retailer was unapologetic about the latest row .
In a statement , a spokeswoman said : 'This criticism is a lot less than the support we get . Our shop is full of happy customers .
'All this kind of faux outrage does is give us further publicity . '
When Spring Festivals rolls around , food is part of the celebration , even for citizens living on the other side of the world .
But while ingredients are easy to transport , feelings of home are n't . Nor are certain specialties that only taste their best in the place they were born .
With 56 ethnic groups , eight recognized major cuisines and countless cooking styles , this menu of Chinese favorites could run longer than a finely pulled noodle . But these 14 dishes are almost guaranteed to waken the homesick bug in most mainland Chinese living or traveling abroad .
In no particular order , these are the real deals , hard to find at your local Chinese restaurant .
The most unforgettable meals in China do n't come from Michelin-starred restaurants .
They 're eaten in the streets in noisy , crowded , pungent food quarters in the heart of cities .
Islamic lamb kebabs with cumin , teppanyaki-style squid with five-spice sauce , gigantic `` swords '' of mind-blowing spicy chicken wings , grilled fresh oysters , fried pork tenderloin slices and razzle-dazzle exhibitions of vegetables-on-sticks .
Every bite of China 's street kebabs is a combination of good food and a street-side buzz unique to the country .
Crayfish has taken China by a storm in the past decade or so .
Cities all over the country go gaga over the crustaceans , which are simmered in a broth with chili and abundant spices then served dry . From spring to early autumn , crayfish-night-outs have become a ritual for many . Groups of friends find a jam-packed stall , sit on tiny plastic stools and order a bucket or two of bright red crayfish .
No chopsticks needed -- digging in with the hands is preferred . The preferred beverage to go with these tasty freshwater lobsters ? Ice cold Chinese beer -- Reeb , Tsingtao , Yanjing , depending on the city .
Outside of China , spicy Sichuan hot pot and nourishing Cantonese hot pot are well known .
But in China , a country closely linked to Mongolian nomads , heavy and hearty lamb hot pot is hugely popular , especially in the north during the bitterly cold winter .
Although a variety of meats , seafood and vegetables can be cooked , the star of the meal is plate after plate of wafer-thin lamb slices .
Guilin is n't only famous for its heavenly landscape , but bowls of refreshing rice noodles topped with preserved long beans , peanuts , bamboo shoots and spring onions . There are noodles stalls everywhere in Guilin and surrounding areas .
Locals like to mix the silky noodles and ingredients in a spicy and sour brine then eat them dry ; or savor the whole combination in the beef stock .
Different meats can be added . The most popular tend to be slices of beef and chunks of beef belly .
Mothers-to-be in the Italian city of Milan can get badges asking for a seat on public transport .
While badges for pregnant women on public transport are nothing new , the Milanese approach is far more direct than Transport for London 's modestly-sized `` Baby on board '' badge , and instead asks the straightforward question `` Posso sedermi ? '' ( `` Can I sit down ? '' ) on a badge that is almost impossible to miss , La Repubblica newspaper reports .
The campaign is the idea of TV presenter and mother-of-three Francesca Barra , who says she was frustrated by the indifference shown to pregnant women , the elderly and infirm on public transport , and proposed the badge to try to change people 's attitudes . `` After my third child , I tired of not being noticed , '' she says , noting that it 's particularly bad for women whose pregnancy is n't obvious . `` This badge is a great example of civilisation , '' she wrote on her Facebook wall .
Milan 's city council is pushing to make services more friendly to pregnant women and new mothers . This includes a three-year-old initiative called `` Happy Popping '' which provides spaces in its libraries , museums and offices to give mothers room to feed their babies and change their nappies . `` No mother should have to rely on luck to find a welcoming place , '' the Comune di Milano website says .
Self-defence classes have reportedly seen a surge in applications after Britain was hit with three terrorist attacks in three months .
Many people have expressed interest in the classes to learn how to protect themselves in the event of another attack , according to The Times .
One school said it had seen inquiries increase by 10 times following the assault on London Bridge and Borough Market that killed eight people and left dozens more injured .
Another instructor said its waiting lists were “ backing up ” as it struggled to find staff to teach the classes .
Combat Academy UK ’ s chief instructor Reece Coker told The Times : “ With bombings or shootings , people tend to think that there ’ s nothing much they could do .
“ But with the style of attack that we saw at London Bridge , killers roaming the streets with knives , there is a sense , rightly , that there is . ”
The company said application inquiries had jumped by 70 percent since March , when terrorist Khalid Masood launched a deadly vehicle and knife rampage on Westminster .
Government advice in the event of a terror attack is to “ run , hide , tell ” and does not encourage members of the public to fight back .
However former SAS soldier John Geddes told the Daily Mirror members of the public should team up and try to overpower the attacker together .
The cast of the hit sitcom Friends are to reunite for a two-hour special , according to US broadcaster NBC .
The actors behind Rachel , Monica , Phoebe , Joey , Chandler and Ross have all signed up for the special , a tribute to director James Burrows .
Burrows helmed numerous episodes of the program and has just celebrated directing his 1,000th TV program .
But NBC entertainment chairman Robert Greenblatt suggested the six Friends may not appear together .
`` I 'm hoping all six will be in same room at the same time , '' he told reporters . But he added : `` I 'm not sure we logistically can pull it off . ''
Fans of the show have been hoping for more than a decade to see Jennifer Aniston , Courteney Cox , Lisa Kudrow , Matt LeBlanc , Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer back on screen together , but previous attempts have fallen short .
The program ended in 2004 , 10 series and a decade after it premiered on US screens . It made international stars of its little-known cast , winning a slew of awards and a huge audience in the process .
As well as Friends , Burrows was behind the camera for several of America 's much-loved sitcoms , including Cheers , Frasier , and The Bob Newhart Show .
The special is scheduled to be broadcast on 21 February on NBC .
This is all according to Anthony Senecal , 74 , who has been master of Trump 's 118-room Mediterranean-style Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach , Florida , for 30 years .
And over the years he has had a roster of exes who tried - and failed - to put their stamp on the place , including Marla Maples who 'really did n't belong here ' .
It comprises a white and gold ballroom , a spa , six tennis courts , a pool , eight seaside cabanas , and a private beach .
Ivanka Trump , the owner ’ s daughter , ordered the gardeners off the grounds so that she could swim in the pool naked
Over the years , the resort has played host to all kinds of wealthy , rich , famous , and powerful pass through the resort .
Hillary Clinton dropped by for Trump 's 2005 wedding to his current wife Melania , he said , adding that Tony Bennett performed .
That year , Oprah Winfrey threw a party for Maya Angelou at the resort .
Having dropped his butler duties to become the resort 's de facto historian .
What the butler saw :
He does his own hair
Mr Trump ’ s hair has , for decades , been a source of fascination to the American public .
And Mr Senecal revealed that , despite the estate having a salon , the billionaire preferred to style his own hair .
The GOP frontrunner refuses to let anyone touch his hair , Senecal remarks .
He only needs four hours sleep a night
Like Margaret Thatcher , General David Petraeus , Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer and Pepsi 's Indra Nooyi , Mr Trump sleeps only for four hours a night , his butler said . Then he rises before dawn to read the newspapers before playing golf .
The White House has had a light-sleeping incumbent before . George W Bush was famously in bed by 10pm , but Bill Clinton frequently survived on four or five hours sleep .
He likes his steak rock hard
He likes his steaks well done .
“ It would rock on the plate , it was so well done , ” said Mr Senecal .
If he wears a white baseball cap , he ’ s in a good mood
Mr Trump , most mornings , will emerge after having read the papers – New York Times , New York Post , New York Daily News and Palm Beach newspapers – to play golf .
When he wears a white cap , he is in a good mood . When he wears a red cap , he is in a bad mood .
He doesn ’ t like to swim
Despite the Florida heat and his own fabulous pool , Mr Trump is not a keen swimmer . And , Mr Senecal said , he is not a sun worshipper – rarely appearing in swimming trunks .
He likes to lie about the history of his house
Trump once claimed the tiles in Ivanka 's room were made by a young Walt Disney , which is not true .
When Mr Senecal , who now serves as the house historian , points out it isn ’ t true , Mr Trump will reply : “ Who cares ? ”
He needs his ego boosting on the golf course
Mr Trump is proud of his golf prowess .
“ Tony , how far is that ? ” Mr Trump would ask .
“ It ’ s like 275 yards , ” Mr Senecal would respond , though he said the actual distance was 225 yards .
He hands out $ 100 bills to groundsmen
Mr Trump would regularly stroll through his gardens , greeting the mainly Hispanic workers . And Mr Senecal said that he would frequently dish out $ 100 bills to the groundsmen who , unsurprisingly , were deeply appreciative .
He ’ s not a connoisseur of art or literature
And after the real estate mogul bought the estate in 1985 , he turned the library , with centuries-old British oak bookcases filled with rare first editions , into a bar and hung a painting of himself , in tennis whites , on the wall .
A series of 16th Century Flemish tapestries hung in the house when he bought it , which had been carefully protected by drapes . He soon blasted them into oblivion with sunlight , causing them to fade irreparably .
He loves the house but hates the locals
The sound of planes flying overhead drives him mad , leading him sue the nearby country-run airport and to yell repeatedly : “ Tony , call the tower ! ”
He has also sued the town in a dispute over the size of his estate ’ s flagpole ; the size of the banquet hall he added to the property ; and the size of the club .
Party chief and President Xi Jinping pledged on Friday to clear up two kinds of pollution — political and environmental — that have caused the most public concern .
Xi 's promise came as he joined discussions with lawmakers from Jiangxi province .
He called for particular efforts to tackle officials ' improper behavior at grassroots level , amid China 's sweeping anti-graft campaign that has cracked down on both `` tigers '' and `` flies '' — powerful leaders and lowly officials .
Supervision of officials , especially those from the Party , should be strengthened , Xi said while reviewing the work report of the State Council with National People 's Congress deputies from Jiangxi .
The eastern province is renowned for its contribution to the success of China 's communist revolution . For instance , in 1927 late leader Mao Zedong established a rural base in Jinggangshan for the revolution .
But such achievements have been somewhat tarnished , as several senior officials who have been seized are linked to Jiangxi .
A major shift in the province 's political landscape has taken place since a team from the Communist Party of China Central Commission for Discipline Inspection was sent to Jiangxi in May 2013 .
The biggest `` tiger '' among these officials is Su Rong , a vice-chairman of China 's top political advisory body and former Jiangxi Party chief .
Su and his wife are suspected to have profited tremendously from bribery and illegal land deals when Su worked in the inland province .
On Thursday , Qiang Wei , the Jiangxi Party chief and an NPC deputy , pledged zero tolerance for corruption and said Su 's tenure of nearly a decade in the province had corrupted some local officials and the political environment .
On Friday , when Qiang reported last year 's encouraging economic performance , Xi said these achievements show that the anti-graft campaign does not undermine economic development , but instead is conducive to continuing healthy development .
Despite a growth rate that was higher than that of many inland provinces last year , Jiangxi remains a less-developed area and faces the task of lifting millions of people out of poverty .
Xi asked deputies about transportation and livelihoods in their hometowns and called for resolute and increased efforts to speed up development in these areas .
He also vowed to take strong action against any polluters during such development . `` We are going to punish , with an iron hand , any violators who destroy ecology or the environment , with no exceptions , '' Xi said .
He asked people to protect ecology and the environment in the same way they would care for their `` own eyes and lives '' , showing his resolve to curb widespread pollution .
His remarks echoed the Government Work Report , delivered on Thursday , which said the nation will cut carbon dioxide intensity by at least 3.1 percent this year .
Long Bozhou , Party chief of Jinggangshan , said the city , with a forest coverage proportion of 86 percent , aims to boost agricultural and `` red '' tourism , which are both environmentally friendly .
A law in France banning the use of unhealthily thin fashion models has come into effect .
Models will need to provide a doctor 's certificate attesting to their overall physical health , with special regard to their body mass index ( BMI ) - a measure of weight in relation to height .
The health ministry says the aim is to fight eating disorders and inaccessible ideals of beauty .
Digitally altered photos will also have to be labelled from 1 October .
Images where a model 's appearance has been manipulated will need to be marked photographie retouchée ( English : retouched photograph ) .
A previous version of the bill had suggested a minimum BMI for models , prompting protests from modelling agencies in France .
But the final version , backed by MPs 2015 , allows doctors to decide whether a model is too thin by taking into account their weight , age , and body shape .
Employers breaking the law could face fines of up to 75,000 euros and up to six months in jail .
`` Exposing young people to normative and unrealistic images of bodies leads to a sense of self-depreciation and poor self-esteem that can impact health-related behaviour , '' said France 's Minister of Social Affairs and Health , Marisol Touraine , in a statement on Friday , French media report .
France is not the first country to legislate on underweight models - Italy , Spain and Israel have all done so .
Anorexia affects between 30,000 to 40,000 people in France , 90 % of whom are women .
“ Star Wars ” fans love Tatooine and its twin suns , but astronomers working with one of the world ’ s biggest telescopes have done Luke Skywalker ’ s home planet one better .
They ’ ve discovered a bizarre world with not two but three suns ― and seasons that last longer than a human lifetime .
Known as HD 131399Ab , the unusual exoplanet is located 320 light-years from Earth in the large southern constellation Centaurus . It ’ s a gas giant like Jupiter but about four times as massive .
And while it ’ s one of the coldest exoplanets ever to be directly imaged by a telescope ( rather than detected as a result of the dimming of starlight as it passes in front of its host star ) , HD 131399Ab is very hot by human standards . The average temperature exceeds 1,000 degrees Fahrenheit .
In short , HD 131399Ab isn ’ t the kind of place you ’ d like to call home . ( And there ’ s no hint that it harbors alien life . ) But if you could live there , you ’ d find its sky a most peculiar place : You ’ d see either constant daylight or triple sunsets , depending on the season .
And each season on HD 131399Ab lasts about 300 years .
HD 131399Ab orbits the system ’ s brightest star , HD 131399A , at a distance of about 7.6 billion miles . That ’ s roughly 82 times the average distance from the Earth to the sun ― and , according to the astronomers behind the discovery , the widest orbit ever seen for a planet in a triple-star system .
The other two stars in the system , HD 131399B and HD 131399C , twirl around each other as they orbit HD 131399A at a distance that ’ s 300 to 400 times greater than the distance from the Earth to the sun .
The newfound planet was discovered using the European Southern Observatory ’ s Very Large Telescope in northern Chile . The ESO is supported by Austria , Belgium , Brazil , the Czech Republic , Denmark , France , Finland , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Poland , Portugal , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland Chile and the United Kingdom . Researchers published a paper on their findings Thursday in the journal Science .
Kevin Wagner , a University of Arizona Ph.D. student and the paper ’ s lead author , told The Huffington Post in an email that the system ’ s configuration is “ surprising and extreme . ”
It ’ s also a bit precarious .
“ If the planet was further away from the most massive star in the system , it would be kicked out of the system , ” Dr. Daniel Apai , assistant professor of astronomy and planetary sciences at the university and co-author of the paper , said in a news release .
“ Our computer simulations have shown that this type of orbit can be stable , but if you change things around just a little bit , it can become unstable very quickly . ”
Stable or not , HD 131399A is fascinating to astronomers in part because it helps fill in gaps in our knowledge of how planets form and change orbit .
It has been billed as a hi-tech bike-sharing boom that entrepreneurs hope will make them rich while simultaneously transforming China 's traffic-clogged cities .
But , occasionally , dreams can turn sour .
In the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen , more than 500 bicycles for hire have been found dumped in huge piles on the streets , according to reports .
Pictures showed jumbled stacks of vehicles nearly three metres high , with handlebars , baskets and other parts scattered on the ground .
City streets around the country have seen an explosion of the colourful bikes that users can rent on demand with a smartphone app and then park wherever they choose .
The sharing economy is taking off in China , where ride-sharing and Airbnb are increasingly commonplace .
From Shanghai to Sichuan province , bike-sharing schemes are being rolled out in an effort to slash congestion and air pollution by putting a country once known as the `` Kingdom of Bicycles '' back on two wheels .
Companies such as Ofo and Mobike , with their rival fleets of bumblebee yellow and fluorescent orange bikes , have been locked in a cut-throat battle for customers .
But problems have arisen when clients have abandoned their cycles .
`` Some people these days just have really bad character , '' a man named He , who lives near where the stacks appeared , told the Southern Metropolis Daily .
`` When they 're done using ( the bike ) they just throw it away somewhere , because they 've already paid . ''
In the past few days he witnessed people demolishing the bikes before discarding them on the side of the road , he said .
Residents told the paper that bikes had been piling up over the past week , either parked haphazardly by careless users or stacked by local security guards trying to clear narrow residential alleys and footpaths .
Zhuang Chuangyu , a representative at Shenzhen 's municipal people 's congress , said the city needed to step up regulation of the bike-sharing industry in order to improve traffic conditions and safety standards , especially since schoolchildren often used the bikes .
In 1980 , almost 63 % of commuters cycled to work , the Beijing Morning Post reported in 2015 , citing government data . But by 2000 that number had plummeted to 38 % and today it stands at less than 12 % .
Car use , meanwhile , has rocketed . In 2010 China overtook the US to become the world 's largest car market , with 13.5m vehicles sold in just 12 months .
Readers committed to physical books can give a sigh of relief , as new figures reveal that ebook sales are falling while sales of paper books are growing – and the shift is being driven by younger generations .
More than 360m books were sold in 2016 – a 2 % jump in a year that saw UK consumers spend an extra 6 % , or £100m , on books in print and ebook formats , according to findings by the industry research group Nielsen in its annual books and consumer survey . The data also revealed good news for bricks-and-mortar bookshops , with a 4 % rise in purchases across the UK .
While sales through shops increased 7 % in 2016 , ebook sales declined by 4 % . It is the second year in a row that ebook sales have fallen , and only the second time that annual ebook sales have done so since industry bodies began monitoring sales a decade ago .
In 2015 , the Publishers Association found that digital content sales had fallen from £563m in 2014 to £554m , while physical book sales HAD increased from £2.74bn to £2.76bn . The Bookseller also discovered a similar result , finding in its own report about the five biggest general trade publishers in the UK – Penguin Random House , Hachette , HarperCollins , Pan Macmillan and Simon & amp ; Schuster – that their ebook sales collectively fell 2.4 % in 2015 .
The shift was attributed to the explosion in adult colouring books , as well as a year of high-profile fiction releases , including The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins and Go Set a Watchman by Harper Lee . “ Readers take a pleasure in a physical book that does not translate well on to digital , ” the Publishers Association report read .
But Nielsen ’ s survey of 2016 attributed the increase in print sales to children ’ s fiction and to younger generations preferring physical books to e-readers . A 2013 survey by the youth research agency Voxburner found that 62 % of 16- to 24-year-olds preferred print books to ebooks . The most popular reason given was : “ I like to hold the product. ” While Nielsen found that 50 % of all fiction sales were in ebook format , only 4 % of children ’ s fiction was digital .
Steve Bohme , research director at Nielsen Book Research UK , who presented the data on Monday ahead of this year ’ s London book fair , said young people were using books as a break from their devices or social media . “ We are seeing that books are a respite , particularly for young people who are so busy digitally , ” he said .
“ Over the last few years we have seen a return to favouring print , partly from what is really successful , this year being non-fiction and children ’ s books , ” he said . While adult colouring books were popular in 2015 , last year saw books about healthy cooking and the latest Harry Potter sell well – which Bohme noted are “ books that tend to translate better in the print form ” .
The Nielsen survey contained another first : mobile phones and tablets overtook e-readers as the most common device used to read ebooks , with readers favouring multifunctional devices over dedicated e-reader brands such as Kindle and Nook .
While ebook sales had plateaued , Bohme said it was important to remember that the figures were still higher than they were five years ago , holding a 25 % share in 2016 , compared with 26 % in 2015 and 18 % in 2012 . The average ebook price increased to £7 .
Bohme said ebooks sales would continue to decline in 2017 , barring a new development in e-reader technology . “ One thing we ’ ve seen is that when print sales surge , industry confidence in the print increases . If publishers are confident , they can have huge success , ” he said . “ If we have a couple of years of that success story , print sales will keep going up . ”
Brace yourself for the Putin 2016 calendar .
Famous for his topless horse riding , shirtless fishing and bare-chested shooting , Russian president Vladimir Putin has been celebrated in the Putin 2016 calendar , produced by Russia 's 'Stars and Advice ' magazine .
The twelve shots reveal both the president 's tough and sensitive sides .
Each picture sets the Russian supremo in natural settings and are accompanied by nationalistic quotes .
Clutching the furry puppy close to his left cheek , while gazing into the mid distance for November , the accompanying quote confides : 'Dogs and I have very warm feelings for one another ' .
The previous month has a much stronger message , as he dons a military cap and striped shirt and proclaims Russia 's strength .
'No one will succeed in gaining military superiority over Russia . Our army is contemporary , capable , and as they now say , polite , but formidable . '
March and September depicts his fondness for Russian women - as he smells a flower ( and again stares into the middle distance ) and dances with a women in traditional dress , but looks knowingly down the camera lens .
'I like all Russian women . I think Russian women are the most talented and the most beautiful , ' the March message says .
British student Jack Archer picked up a copy in October from a kiosk in St Petersburg , where he 's spending a year studying Russian .
'I bought it from a kiosk in the metro and it cost 78 roubles .
'The woman said it 'd been selling out really quickly every day she 'd been putting them out , ' he told MailOnline .
The pictures are not all from 2015 however , with at least one recognisable from a controversial Siberian fishing trip in 2013 .
Putin was accused of exaggerating the size and weight of the pike , which he said he caught in Siberia in 2013 .
The Kremlin claimed Mr Putin , 60 , had caught a 46lb pike – a weight that would equal records claimed in Britain and the United States .
“ Leaders Number One ” , a perfume inspired by Putin , went on sale in Moscow , just in time for Russians to pick them up as presents ahead of New Year .
The perfume costs around 6,000 roubles for a 100ml bottle . It comes in a sleek black bottle featuring a profile of the Russian president ’ s head and the words “ Inspired by Vladimir Putin ” in English .
“ It ’ s a warm scent , a textured scent . It ’ s soft but at the same time it ’ s very firm , ” said Vladislav Rekunov , the Belarus-born perfumer who came up with the scent .
The perfume went on sale in Moscow ’ s GUM department story and can also be ordered online . Staff at the stand said orders had already come in from Germany and China , and they were also hoping to present a bottle to Putin himself .
A limited edition of 2,000 bottles has been prepared , and the makers hope a female version will follow in the new year . Some of the sale proceeds will go towards helping disabled children .
When others get off the train to finally go home , Leonie Müller stays behind . That 's because she already is home : The train is her apartment , and she says she likes it that way .
The German college student gave up her apartment in spring . `` It all started with a dispute I had with my landlord , '' Müller told The Washington Post via e-mail . `` I instantly decided I did n't want to live there anymore — and then I realized : Actually , I did n't want to live anywhere anymore . ''
Instead , she bought a subscription that allows her to board every train in the country for free . Now , Müller washes her hair in the train bathroom and writes her college papers while traveling at a speed of up to 190 mph . She says that she enjoys the liberty she has experienced since she gave up her apartment . `` I really feel at home on trains , and can visit so many more friends and cities . It 's like being on vacation all the time , '' Müller said .
The 23-year-old 's unusual housing choice has gained her media attention in Germany and appeared on national news sites such as Spiegel Online . `` I read , I write , I look out of the window and I meet nice people all the time . There 's always something to do on trains , '' Müller told German TV station SWR in an interview . Since risking the move , Müller 's life fits into a small backpack in which she carries clothes , her tablet computer , college documents and a sanitary bag .
So far , her experience contradicts studies that have recently claimed that `` long commutes are killing you . '' And financially , she benefits from living on a train : The flat-rate ticket costs her about $ 380 , whereas she had to pay about $ 450 for her previous apartment . However , living cheaper is not the only goal she has in mind .
`` I want to inspire people to question their habits and the things they consider to be normal , '' Müller told The Post . `` There are always more opportunities than one thinks there are . The next adventure is waiting just around the corner — provided that you want to find it . ''
Müller frequently travels late at night , although she tries to sleep at the apartments of relatives or friends . Often , she is accommodated by her boyfriend , her mother or grandmother .
`` Normally , we would have to have a long-distance relationship , but living on a train enables me to see him all the time , '' Müller told German TV station SWR regarding her boyfriend . `` Most of my friends really like the idea , although some consider it to be quite adventurous . Others , however , have reacted more negatively : They feel offended by the fact that I question the ordinary way of life and living . ''
Living on a train is also supposed to have an academic purpose : Müller is documenting the unusual experiment on a blog . Her final undergraduate paper will be based on her experiences as a modern train-nomad . The only problem ? `` Possessing a headset that mutes most surrounding noises is crucial , '' she said .
The G20 works for the interest of not just its 20 members , but the whole world . We will work to ensure that growth and development benefit all countries and peoples and that livelihood of all people , especially those in developing countries , will get better day by day .
China ’ s opening drive is not a one-man show . Rather , it is an invitation open to all .
It is a pursuit not to establish China ’ s own sphere of influence , but to support common development of all countries .
It is meant to build not China ’ s own backyard garden , but a garden shared by all countries .
We can work together to build a peaceful and stable international environment .
We can work together to build a global partnership for win-win cooperation .
We can work together to improve global economic governance .
We need to build an innovative world economy to generate new drivers of growth .
We need to build an open world economy to expand the scope of development .
We need to build an interconnected world economy to forge interactive synergy .
We need to build an inclusive world economy to strengthen the foundation for win-win outcomes .
This is a course of blazing a new trail .
This is a course of delivering tangible outcomes .
This is a course of achieving common prosperity .
This is a course of China and the world embracing each other .
Jointly ensure equitable and efficient global financial governance , and uphold the overall stability of the world economy .
Jointly foster open and transparent global trade and investment governance to cement the multilateral trade regime , and unleash the potential of global cooperation in economy , trade and investment .
Jointly establish green and low-carbon global energy governance to promote global green development cooperation .
Jointly facilitate an inclusive and interconnected global development governance to implement the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and jointly promote the wellbeing of mankind .
The G20 must keep up with the changing times and lead the way forward .
The G20 should fully honor its commitment .
The G20 should become a platform of cooperation built through joint efforts that delivers benefits to all .
The G20 should stick together as partners in meeting challenges .
We will steadfastly deepen reform in an all-round way and open up brighter prospects of development .
We will pursue an innovation-driven development strategy to create stronger growth drivers .
We will promote green development to achieve better economic performance .
We will promote equity and sharing of development outcomes to deliver more benefits to the people .
We will open up wider to achieve greater mutual benefit and win-win outcomes .
We should strengthen macroeconomic policy coordination and jointly promote global growth and uphold international financial stability .
We should break a new path for growth and generate new growth momentum .
We should improve global economic governance and strengthen institutional safeguards .
We should build an open global economy and continue to promote facilitation and liberalization of trade and investment .
We should implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and promote inclusive development .
Determined to set out the direction , targets and steps of G20 cooperation and depict the blueprint for future world economy .
Determined to break a new path for growth to inject new dynamism into the world economy .
Determined to improve global economic and financial governance to enhance the resilience of the world economy .
Determined to revitalize international trade and investment as the key engines of growth and build an open world economy .
Determined to promote inclusive and interconnected development , so that G20 cooperation will deliver benefits to the whole world .
Men who behave like promiscuous playboys or feel powerful over women are more likely to have mental health problems than men with less sexist attitudes , according to a study released on Monday .
The analysis found links between sexist behavior and mental health issues such as depression and substance abuse , said the study which appeared in the Journal of Counseling Psychology , published by the American Psychological Association .
`` Some of these sexist masculine norms , like being a playboy and power over women , are n't just a social injustice but they are also potentially bad for your mental health , '' said Joel Wong , an associate professor of counseling psychology at Indiana University Bloomington and lead author of the study .
Its release comes on the heels of the election to the US presidency of Donald Trump , whose comments about women that emerged during the election campaign were condemned by many as sexist and misogynist .
The research synthesized results of more than 70 US-based studies involving more than 19,000 men over 11 years .
This involved looking at 11 norms generally considered by experts to reflect society 's expectations of traditional masculinity including a desire to win , risk-taking and pursuit of status , Wong said .
The traits , or norms , most closely linked to mental health problems were playboy behavior , or sexual promiscuity , power over women and self-reliance , he said .
`` Men who have trouble asking for directions when they 're lost , that 's a classic example of self-reliance , '' Wong said .
Also , men who exhibited those attitudes were also less likely to seek mental health treatment , the study said .
`` Primacy of work was not significantly associated with any of the mental health-related outcomes , '' said Wong in a statement .
`` Perhaps this is a reflection of the complexity of work and its implications for well-being .
`` An excessive focus on work can be harmful to one 's health and interpersonal relationships , but work is also a source of meaning for many individuals . ''
1 . ELEPHANTS IN THE TOURISM INDUSTRY ARE ABUSED .
A wild elephant does n't naturally allow a human to climb atop its back and trek through the jungle , for hours , every day of the week . It has to be tamed into submission . In Southeast Asia , the process of taming an elephant includes torture and breaking its spirit .
The ancient tradition is called Phajaan , meaning `` the crush . '' Poachers take the wild baby elephant away from its mother , sometimes killing the protective elephants around the calf .
The handlers tie , cage , starve and beat the animal with tools like a metal bull hook until it learns to fear and obey humans .
There are many graphic videos to prove it , like this one .
2 . GIVING RIDES CAN DAMAGE ELEPHANTS ' SPINES .
An elephant 's spine is not built to support the weight of a human being . Elephants that carry tourists on their backs for hours every day experience discomfort and can suffer from permanent spinal damage . There is also the added element of the Howdah : the seat that the human sits in atop the elephant . The seat causes irritation against the elephant 's skin and can lead to infection .
3 . ELEPHANTS ARE SOCIAL , INTELLIGENT CREATURES .
Elephants are very similar to humans . They have family and friends and feel deep emotion . According to Elephant Voices , `` elephants are well-known for their intelligence , close family ties and social complexity , and they remember for years other individuals and places . ''
Not only do elephants remember and feel the pain of torture deeply enough to suffer from post-traumatic stress , but when elephants are brought on trekking camps , they are often ripped away from their herd and forced to live in loneliness .
`` Just as we consider solitary confinement as punishment for humans , we should also be thinking that way about elephants , '' said Stanford professor Caitlin O'Connell in an interview with National Geographic in 2016 . `` It is not healthy to house elephants by themselves . ''
4 . ASIAN ELEPHANTS ARE ENDANGERED .
The Asian elephant is on the Red List of Threatened Species . According to the International Union for Conservation of Nature , the population declined more than 50 percent over the last 60 to 75 years . Asian elephants that work in the tourism industry sometimes die from hunger , dehydration and exhaustion . Like captive elephant Sambo , who died in Cambodia earlier this year from a heart attack while giving tourists a ride in 104 degree Fahrenheit heat .
5 . THERE ARE BETTER , SAFER WAYS TO INTERACT WITH ELEPHANTS .
You do n't have to visit a camp that promotes elephant rides to interact with these beautiful creatures . There are conservations in Southeast Asia like Boon Lott 's Elephant Sanctuary , Elephant Nature Park and Elephant Jungle Sanctuary that save elephants from captivity and allow humans to visit . You can hang out with elephants , and help bathe , feed and observe them . ENP even offers a range of volunteer opportunities for tourists .
Dustin Levick , a tourist from Texas , visited the Elephant Jungle Sanctuary in Chiang Mai , Thailand , last month . While there he was able to appreciate the elephants in an ethical way .
`` They are so happy when they go swimming . They just roll around in the water and it 's amazing to watch how happy they are , '' said Levick . `` Standing in front of a 55-year-old elephant who weights 2 tons , massaging her trunk with mud as she stands perfectly still , you ca n't help but feel a connection to such an amazing animal . ''
An area of the German city of Hamburg known for its nightlife is fighting back against drunken revellers who relieve themselves in the streets - by modifying the area 's walls to `` pee back '' .
A neighbourhood association has begun repainting walls along the famous Reeperbahn street , in the heart of the city 's St Pauli nightlife district , with a water-repellent paint .
The offending urine bounces straight off the wall – and on to the shoes of the perpetrator .
Signs have been put up around the district that read `` Do n't pee here . We pee back . ''
The menace of what is known as the Wildpinkler , or `` wild urinator '' , is something of an obsession in Germany .
Penalties vary from city to city , but anyone relieving themselves on the streets of Munich risks a fine of €100 ( £73 ) , while in Cologne it is a hefty €200 .
But Hamburg 's Reeperbahn , which attracts more than 20 million visitors a year , is just too crowded to police the Wildpinklers .
Known as die sündigste Meile , or the most sinful mile , the Reeperbahn is both a red-light district and a centre for bars and nightlife , somewhat like London 's Soho .
The St Pauli neighbourhood association says the Wildpinklers have become such a serious problem that it had to act .
`` On the streets here , it 's like being in a sewer , '' Julia Staron , a spokesman , told Spiegel magazine .
The water-repellent paint the association is using to fight back is more often found on ships – and it is highly effective , accoding to Ms Staron .
`` The liquid rebounds with almost the same force with which it hits , '' she said .
The neighbourhood association has even produced a video entitled St Pauli Pinkelt Zurück , or `` St Pauli Pees Back '' , which has already attracted more than 180,000 hits
Would-be Wildpinklers should not think they can just go round the corner and relieve themselves against the next wall , she warned .
`` Not every wall has a sign , '' Ms Staron says with a grin in the video .
A moggy with his own Facebook page and Instagram account is taking the internet by storm thanks to his expressive eyebrows .
Curious-looking Sam has racked up 150,000 Instagram followers and 530,000 likes on Facebook since bursting onto the scene in 2012 .
Owner Amanda Collado , 26 , from New York , has been handling the overwhelming amount of requests from fans and media for the past three years .
She said : 'There have definitely been situations where I have had to ignore friends , family or work in order to take the time to do Sam 's posts or answer emails on his behalf .
'Everyone gets a little annoyed when I 'm on my phone and not paying attention to them .
'On Facebook he 'll get up to 10,000 likes on each photo - on Instagram he gets maybe 5,000 likes on each photo .
'I never thought Sam would be so popular in Japan , Australia , Sweden , or any of the countries where he 's been featured in newspapers and magazines . '
Amanda 's mum , Ivette Rodriguez , noticed the abandoned cat outside her home in New York one evening before a night out .
Ivette said : 'I looked to the right and I saw a little niche next to the house and there was a cat in there .
'He was just curled up - I put blinders on because I really did not want a cat .
'My daughter said that he willingly gave himself up to her - I guess he was so tired of being outside .
'People said he looked like Martin Scorsese or Colin Farrell - he also has the same eyebrows as my mother , who thinks we dyed Sam 's eyebrows . '
Amanda created an Instagram account for Sam after a friend pointed out his expressive brows .
She said : 'I did n't notice his eyebrows initially .
'He had about 800 followers at first - but in February someone posted his photo on Reddit and he blew up overnight - I woke up with 1600 followers .
'From there we made a Facebook and all other social media accounts .
'I find it baffling that a cat is this famous and that people care about him this much . '
Amanda posts pictures to Sam 's account every two days , but spends most of her day keeping up with all of his fans .
But the effort she puts into her pet 's social media has paid off - and she has bigger plans for Sam 's future , including merchandise .
Amanda said : 'Sam 's fame is definitely growing - he has a lot of potential to branch out .
'Eventually we 'll sell Sam merchandise , because I know many people do like having cute little mugs , Sam mugs , or posters , t-shirts .
'Down the line that will be a thing . Right now we 're trying to share him in a free way . '
Most men and women feel that a dinner bill should be split down the middle , but with women only making 79 cents for every dollar a man earns , how fair is this it really ?
A new app aims to answer this question , and for others who fall victim to income inequality , by dividing the check up according to each person 's race and gender .
Equipay uses Bureau of Labor Statistics and math to calculate how much is owed from each person and there is an option to 'protest ' , but it will only give you statistics about the wage gap .
'Equipay helps you avoid the entrenched discrimination that exists in our society . It does n't split the bill equally—it splits it equitably , ' the firm 's site says .
'You pay what you should to balance out the wage gap . '
It is the brain child of Luna Malbroux , a diversity educator and comedian from California , who wanted to 'make the touchy subject ' of racial and gender inequalities more accessible and fun , reports Care2 .
'I hope that this , more than anything , starts a discussion and helps people to start thinking a little bit differently about how we can use more technology and more innovation to address inequality and wage inequality , ' Malbroux said .
To find out what everyone owes after the meal , just open up Equipay and select your friends from your friends list that are dining with you that evening .
The app has a built in 'diversity tracker ' that lets you know how diverse your friends really are , the list also displays the level of diversity for each person .
Type in the amount of the entire bill at the top , tip included , and the software will begin calculating the split based on who your company is .
Finally it will show you the list again , but now with how much each person owes .
There is the option to protest , in which the app will ask 'what 's your excuse ' and lists reasons for you to choose from .
You can say 'I was a middle child ' or 'I spent $ 400 on improve classes ' or 'I 'm unaware of my privilege ' .
Equipay will find the best rebuttal possible , whether it is facts regarding income inequalities or something funny that makes you think twice about disagreeing with what you owe .
Real estate mogul Donald Trump accused Ted Cruz of fraud on Wednesday , claiming the Texas senator `` stole '' the Iowa caucuses and arguing that `` either a new election should take place or Cruz results nullified . ''
Trump , who placed second to Cruz in the Hawkeye State , unleashed a barrage of tweets attacking Cruz for playing dirty in Iowa because one of the senator 's staffers falsely told Iowa caucus-goers that retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson planned to quit the race . Cruz later apologized for his staffer 's actions .
The GOP businessman also slammed Cruz for sending out shady mailers claiming Iowans faced a `` VOTING VIOLATION . ”
Trump is a master at sucking the oxygen out of the race by drawing attention to himself with new controversies . The Twitter rant is just one more example of this media strategy , particularly at a time when Cruz and Sen. Marco Rubio ( R-Fla. ) are basking in the glow of their performances in Iowa .
Cruz responded Wednesday afternoon , mocking the businessman for throwing a `` Trumpertantrum . ''
`` His insults get more and more hysterical the more upset he gets , '' Cruz said in a press conference in New Hampshire . `` I wake up every day and laugh at the latest thing he 's tweeted because he 's losing it . ''
`` We need a commander in chief , not a tweeter in chief , '' the senator added . “ I mean we ’ re liable to wake up one day and Donald , if he were president , would have nuked Denmark . ''
Cruz continued by noting that his two young daughters are `` better behaved '' than Trump .
According to a new Android and iOS e-reader app , the definition of `` strong language '' is somewhat broad . Clean Reader , developed by husband and wife team Jared and Kirsten Maughan after their teenage daughter expressed dismay over some cuss words in a book she read , is designed to keep users who hate naughty words from having to see them . Its tag line : `` Read books , not profanity . ''
How it works is that you load your ebook into the app via iTunes ; you can then select one of three filter levels , from mild censorship to the full monty ; and the app does a find-and-replace using a database of offensive words selected by the Maughans , replacing them with `` clean '' versions .
For example , body parts in the genital region of women are all turned into `` bottom '' ; the f-bomb becomes `` freak '' ; `` breast '' becomes `` chest '' , which at least is relatively analogous ; `` Jesus '' becomes `` gee '' ( which is actually a euphemistic corruption of `` Jesus '' ) ; `` Oh my God '' becomes `` Oh my goodness '' ; `` whore '' becomes `` hussy '' ; `` bitch '' becomes `` witch '' ( which could get somewhat confusing if the book actually discusses dogs ) .
This has the potential for some interesting mishaps ; GLBT News , for instance , reports a character named `` Dick '' being converted to `` groin . '' More importantly , however , authors are incensed that the app changes their work without their consent .
As `` Chocolat '' author Joanne Harris pointed out on her blog , the issue is not necessarily one of vocabulary , but censorship .
`` Most writers think very hard about the kind of language they use . Some of us are well-nigh obsessive about our choice of words -- and those of us who are published in theUSoften have to fight to retain our British spellings and vocabulary , '' she wrote . `` We do this because we care about books . We care about language . And if we use profanity ( which sometimes , we do ) it is always for a reason . ''
Moreover , the censorship imposed by Clean Reader is subjective , based on a good-and-bad value judgement decided by the Maughans -- although the Clean Reader website also does ask readers to suggest words they 'd like to see filtered if the app does not already do so .
`` It 's clear from the list of words you consider 'profane ' that this app is designed to impose a Christian agenda on books , '' Harris wrote in an open letter to Clean Reader . `` This is insulting to non-Christians . The pejorative use of the word 'witch ' as a substitute for 'bitch ' is offensive to pagans , and illustrates your religious bias . ''
She also points out that , if the idea is supposed to benefit young readers , it fails dismally ; calling every part of a woman 's reproductive anatomy a `` bottom '' , for example , could be very confusing to a child , and is therefore counter-productive .
The Clean Reader team is adamant , however that the app is not only not doing anything wrong -- it is , they claim , perfectly legal , since they app does not change the epub source file , but merely how it is displayed on the screen -- but that authors who are unhappy with the alteration of their work should defer to anyone who spends money on that book , comparing the app to the optional profanity beeping on NPR podcasts .
`` Some people like the impact certain words have on the narrative , dialogue , or setting of a book . Other people are indifferent to it . And some are offended by it ... Yes the author/artist felt specific swear words worked best for their work of art , but for some of their audience these same words are what detract from the book , '' the Clean Reader team wrote on its blog .
`` So will some authors be offended that some of their consumers use Clean Reader to pick out most of the profanity in their books ? Perhaps . Should the reader feel bad about it ? Nope . They 've paid good money for the book , they can consume it how they want . ''
The good news for authors is that the money users pay for these ebooks is no longer going to Clean Reader . Inktera , the platform through which Clean Reader was selling ebooks ( and making a percentage of sales ) , has withdrawn from the app .
Sci-fi author Chuck Wendig also had this to say to readers who would prefer to read a censored version of his work :
`` You may say , 'But I want to read your books , just without all that nasty business . ' To which I say , 'then I do n't want you reading my books . Nothing personal , but I wrote the thing the way I wrote the thing . If that troubles you , then I do n't want you reading it . ' ''
When 7 uncaptioned photos of very Chinese things , phenomena , and traditions are sent to BuzzFeed offices in New York , Washington , D.C. , Los Angeles , London , Toronto , Russia , Spain , Mumbai , and Australia , the non-chinese asked them to write down the first thing that came into their heads .
`` Those are graves for the dinosaurs from China 's Jurassic Park . ''
`` It 's the monthly Excavator Anonymous meeting , where excavator enthusiasts can dig to their hearts ' content . ''
`` Trying to dig to Australia . ''
Students of Shandong Lanxiang Vocational School are trained to drive excavators . Each year , 30,000 mechanics , barbers and welders are trained by the massive Shandong Lanxiang Vocational School , whose overadvertised slogan “ Meet the king of ( excavator maneuver ) , find Lanxiang in China Shandong ” was turned into a popular internet catchphrase .
`` You put a boiled egg on top and then crack it with a spoon and eat it out of the shell like you are in Downtown Abbey . ''
`` This is most definitely a him-and-her pair of cups for the loving couple 's morning coffee . ''
`` Storing the remains of loved ones ? ''
These delicate pieces of porcelain are chamber pots , and even today are an essential part of southern Chinese dowries for weddings . Just 20 years ago , pumping toilets were still not in every Chinese house . Further back , these pots were used for Chinese women to deliver babies , so they remain good-luck charms for couples to conceive lovely babies .
`` Pickles . ''
“ The red dragon sleeps under a very ornated window . ”
`` It means 'simple ' . ”
This is “ Biang ” — the most complicated character of all time — and it contains at least 56 strokes . Well , Chinese themselves still have arguments over how to write it correctly , understandably . It 's an unofficial word created to represent a popular Shaanxi noodle , Biang Biang Noodle .
`` She is a celebrity chef who all Chinese people aspire to cook food like . ''
`` Her face is the logo for something ubiquitous . Is it eggs ? Is it Chinese eggs ? ''
She 's Tao Huabi , the woman who invented China 's most celebrated chili sauce , Lao Gan Ma .
`` She is ascending to a higher plane of consciousness and waving goodbye to these mere mortals . ''
`` Chinese people can fly ? This changes everything . ''
Chinese jump rope can get extremely intricate and physically demanding , yet it 's about teamwork and rhythm . Chinese kids in the 1980s were obsessed with it , especially the girls .
`` Obviously Chinese people have mastered the art of making gold out of thin air . ''
`` The sun is leaking and the Chinese people are covering up this secret . ''
In reality , this is a gorgeous — but dying — form of Chinese fireworks . Poor blacksmiths in the town of Nuanquan , in Hebei , found that if they hurled molten iron at the old city wall , it exploded in a shower of sparks in the cold night air . They donned sheepskins and straw hats to protect themselves , and used spoons made of hard willow wood to hurl the iron.The practice is called “ dashuhua ( 打树花 ) , ” which means “ throwing tree fireworks . ”
`` Those look like sheep and cats , but my real question is why there 's poop in the title. ``
`` The joys of getting a perm . ''
`` It 's about some sheep that are bad at surfing and regularly get ridiculed by cats . ''
So this is actually a cartoon called Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf . It tells an absurd ongoing story about how Grey Wolf fails to please his wife Red Wolf by catching a single sheep in 1,342 episodes but has n't starved to death , miraculously . Red Wolf is smarter but never bothers to hunt . The sheep have even been thrown into boiled water repeatedly but of course came out unscathed . And the poop ? WE HAVE NO IDEA .
Ryanair is giving its customers the chance to become the face of the airline with its latest publicity stunt .
To coincide with its 30th birthday , Europe ’ s largest budget carrier is planning to put the faces and names of 30 people on 30 of its planes , although they are accepting photos of pets .
For the lucky few who win the competition , their faces , names and signatures will be seen by tens of thousands of travellers at airports across Europe , and they will receive a free flight on the plane bearing their photo .
A Ryanair spokesman told MailOnline Travel : ‘ We want our customers to have fun with their entries , a photo they would be happy to display a mile high . ’
It ’ s all part of Ryanair ’ s efforts to change its reputation and be seen as a customer-friendly airline .
For years the company had been criticised for its customer service and surcharges , with chief executive Michael O ’ Leary once saying refund-hunters could ‘ f*** off ’ .
According to the contest ’ s terms and conditions , decals will be applied before the end of January next year and remain on the planes for up to six months .
People have until 31 August to enter the ‘ 30 Names , 30 Planes ’ competition on Ryanair ’ s Facebook page .
Entrants must upload a photo and explain why their face deserves to be on the side of a Boeing 737 .
Images that are offensive , unlawful or sexually suggestive will not be considered , the Dublin-based airline said .
The winning entries will be selected by an ‘ independent judging panel ’ on 1 September , and those who are selected will be given an opportunity to opt out .
The winners should be prepared for their faces to be featured on more than planes , as Ryanair reserves the right to use their names and images in advertising and promotional campaigns .
They may also be asked to speak to the press or attend publicity events .
According to the terms and conditions , entrants grant Ryanair ‘ the right to use , edit or publish the photo without further compensation ’ .
Do Peru 's potatoes have the right stuff ?
That 's the question scientists will be asking in Lima next month , when a selection of tubers will begin undergoing tests to determine whether they 're fit to grow on Mars .
NASA , the US space agency , is conducting the pioneering experiment together with Lima 's International Potato Center ( CIP ) .
They will cultivate a hundred selected varieties already subjected to rigorous evaluation in extreme , Mars-like conditions that could eventually pave the way to building a dome on the Red Planet for farming the vegetable .
The selection was made from a total of 4,500 varieties registered at CIP , a nonprofit research facility that aims to reduce poverty and achieve food security .
Of the selected candidates , 40 are native to the Andes Mountains , conditioned to grow in different ecological zones , withstand sudden climate changes and reproduce in rocky , arid terrain .
The other 60 are genetically modified varieties able to survive with little water and salt . They are also immune to viruses .
Those that pass the tests must meet a final criterion -- they must be able not only to grow well on Mars but also reproduce in large quantities .
`` We 're almost 100 percent certain that many of the selected potatoes will past the tests , '' said Julio Valdivia Silva , a Peruvian NASA astrobiologist who is taking part in the ambitious project .
The scientists hope the experiment will also help address the earthly scourges of hunger and malnutrition by identifying varieties suited to growing in harsh conditions .
`` We must be prepared for the future , '' said virologist Jan Kreuze , a scientist at CIP . `` To respond to desertification , rising temperature and high salt content in the soil . ''
Vegetable of the future
The soil in La Joya Pampas -- a sector of the Atacama Desert in southern Peru that 's considered one of the driest places on earth -- is very similar to that found on the Red Planet .
The scientists plan to transport 200 pounds ( 100 kilos ) of it to a CIP laboratory in Lima that will simulate the complex Martian atmosphere -- which contains mostly carbon dioxide -- and expose it to extreme ultraviolet radiation .
`` We 'll have more concrete results in one or two years , Valdivia said , adding that it will take more than five years to launch an unmanned mission to Mars .
The potential future space crop is also one of the oldest .
Records of potato cultivation date back to 2500 BC , when the indigenous Aymara Indians farmed it in modern-day Peru and Bolivia .
If the varieties selected for next month 's experiment do n't adapt to the desert soil , the researchers will introduce nutrients and subject them to radiation .
`` If that does n't work , '' Valdivia said , `` we 'll administer a new method the CIP is using called aeroponics . ''
The technique , used for cultivating plants without soil , would expose roots inside a sphere or cube that is sprayed with nutrients and contains a system for removing toxins .
In future years , NASA plans to build a Mars research center in the Peruvian desert .
It would create a perfect replica of the Martian landscape and atmosphere for future research into space farming that could serve manned missions to Mars and other planets in the solar system .
Having endured a long and gradual recovery from the financial crisis of 2008 , Britain now offers some of the best prospects for job seekers in Europe , research suggests .
On a global level , Estonia and Norway enjoy the strongest job prospects , followed by the US , UK , Austria , Denmark and Germany , recruitment experts Glassdoor said .
Sluggish economic performance has hampered employment levels in Greece , Spain and Portugal , with job seekers in these countries facing the worst job prospects , the report adds .
In terms of the scale of the recovery since the onset of the financial crisis , Germany has impressed , with employment returning to pre-crisis levels , Glassdoor said .
In the UK , economic performance is 'growing strongly ' , meaning employment is expanding 'quite fast ' , the research suggests .
In Greece and Spain , at least 25 percent of the population is unemployed . In France , Portugal , Ireland and Italy the rate of unemployment is at least 10 percent .
At 5 percent or less , Germany , Switzerland and Norway have the lowest percentage of people out of work , followed by around 6 percent in the UK and Austria .
Youth unemployment is more than 50 percent in Greece and Spain , almost 43 percent in Italy and nearly 25 percent in France , Ireland and Belgium - significantly above the UK figure of 17 percent .
Dr Andrew Chamberlain , Glassdoor 's chief economist , said : 'European labour markets today are diverse and present myriad challenges , as well as opportunities , for job-seekers .
'On the one hand , countries like the UK , Germany , Austria and Switzerland enjoy below average unemployment .
'By contrast , Greece , Spain and Portugal have continued to struggle with double-digit unemployment and slow economic growth , partly due to inflexible labour market regulations that have proven difficult to reform in recent years . '
Since the financial crisis , there has been a notable surge in temporary or part-time work . Such roles often offer less-than-ideal working hours , little flexibility and low pay , Glassdoor said .
Temporary contracts are particularly common in Spain , the Netherlands , and Portugal , affecting more than two in ten of people employed .
The number of people in temporary roles is also relatively high in Sweden , France , and Finland , where it exceeds 15 percent .
The proportion of people who work part-time but would rather be working full-time has increased everywhere since 2008 with the exception of Germany , Belgium and Sweden , the research reveals .
Countries which have the highest number of people working part-time while looking for full-time positions include Italy , Spain and Ireland .
GIGANTIC
The Stratolaunch aircraft is enormous , with a wingspan totaling 385 feet ( 117 meters ) , longer than the wingspan of any other aircraft and greater than the length of an American football field .
Among commonly seen aircraft , the double-decker Airbus A380 's wings span 262 feet ( nearly 80 meters ) .
WEIGHT AND POWER
The Stratolaunch aircraft weighs 500,000 pounds ( 226,799 kilograms ) empty , can carry 250,000 pounds ( 113,399 kilograms ) of fuel , and with payload can take off at a maximum weight of 1.3 million pounds ( 589,676 kilograms ) .
It is powered by six engines of the same type used by Boeing 747s .
AIR LAUNCH
On launch missions , Stratolaunch will carry as many as three rockets attached to the center of the wing between the two fuselages . The rockets will be released , ignite their engines and carry small satellites weighing up to 1,000 pounds ( 453.6 kilograms ) to low Earth orbit .
According to Stratolaunch , the advantages of its system include being able to use numerous airports and avoid the limitations of fixed launch sites which can be impacted by weather , air traffic and ship traffic on ocean ranges .
HISTORY
Airborne launches date back decades , most famously to the X-15 program of the 1950s and '60s , when manned rocket planes were carried aloft under the wing of a B-52 bomber and released on hypersonic research flights .
In the 1990s , Orbital Sciences Corp. ( now Orbital ATK ) began releasing rockets from the belly of a converted L-1011 airliner to put small satellites into low Earth orbit .
More recently , Paul Allen , the Microsoft co-founder , funded development of the Burt Rutan-designed SpaceShipOne , the first privately developed manned spacecraft .
Suspended between the twin-fuselages of a special jet , SpaceShipOne was carried to high altitude and released . It reached space on three suborbital flights in 2004 .
The same launch concept is being used for SpaceShipTwo , the passenger-carrying craft being developed for Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Galactic space tourism enterprise .
WHAT 'S NEXT
Initial testing will focus on filling the six fuel tanks to ensure they are properly sealed and that related mechanisms are operating properly .
The aircraft will then be taken back inside the hangar for weight and balance testing . Ground testing will lead to flight operations and the first launch demonstration , which is expected in 2019 .
Researchers at the Biotherapy Development Research Center Co. in Kanazawa , Japan , have come with a 100 % -natural solution to the age-old problem of melting ice-cream . By using polyphenol found in strawberry , they can keep a popsicle from melting for hours , on a hot summer day .
Believe it or not , the secret ingredient for “ unmeltable ” ice-cream was discovered by mistake . The Kanazawa research center had asked a local pastry chef to create new confectionery using strawberry polyphenol , in an attempt to find new uses for strawberries not good enough to be sold as fresh fruit .
However , the chef later reported that that “ dairy cream solidified instantly when strawberry polyphenol was added ” . That made it redundant in confectionery , but researchers at the center realized that polyphenol could be used to make ice-cream melt a lot slower .
“ Polyphenol liquid has properties to make it difficult for water and oil to separate ” , said Tomihisa Ota , a professor at Kanazawa University , who helped develop the innovative treat . “ So a popsicle containing it will be able to retain the original shape of the cream for a longer time than usual , and be hard to melt . ”
So how much slower does a strawberry polyphenol ice-cream melt ? Well , according to Takeshi Toyoda , president of the Biotherapy Development Research Center , it would retain its shape even when “ exposed to the hot air from a dryer ” . But Japanese reporters did n't take his words for it , instead testing the unmelting ice-cream themselves . Last month , reporters from Asahi Shimbun wrote that the popsicle “ retained its original shape ” after 5 minutes being exposed to heat ( around 28 degrees Celsius ) .
The guys at Sora News also put the new ice-cream to the test , leaving it out for a whole three hours . Even though it pretty much became a creamy goo at the end of the test , it took a while for it to reach that state , and even then , it still mostly retained its shape .
The Biotherapy Development Research Center Co. started selling the wonder ice-cream at its Kanazawa Ice shop , in Kanazawa , before expanding to Tokyo and Osaka . It 's still only available in Japan , but I bet we 'll be seeing it adopted in other parts of the world very soon .
Photos of White House adviser Kellyanne Conway kneeling on an Oval Office couch with her shoes on have sparked an online debate about decorum in the executive mansion .
Conway is seen perched on her knees on the couch with her feet behind her in photos taken Monday while President Trump met with leaders of historically black colleges and universities .
Some Twitter users were quick to highlight the photo as evidence of a lack of respect for the office from Conway and the Trump administration .
— Rex Huppke ( @ RexHuppke ) February 28 , 2017
— George Takei ( @ GeorgeTakei ) February 28 , 2017
“ I will only be able to get mad at the way Kellyanne Conway sits on a couch if it turns out she 's hiding ... Trump 's tax returns under her , ” “ Last Week Tonight ” writer Josh Gondelman tweeted .
But others pushed back , noting that an additional photo shows she was simply trying to position herself to snap a picture of the visitors with the president .
“ This is the dumbest outrage ever , ” one Twitter user commented . Another called the fuss over the photo “ exactly the reason people don ’ t take the media seriously . ”
— Ben Dreyfuss ( @ bendreyfuss ) February 28 , 2017
“ I was asked to take a certain angle [ photo ] and was doing exactly that . I certainly meant no disrespect , I didn ’ t mean to have my feet on the couch , ” Conway said in an interview .
A couple of weeks earlier , Conway was bashed on social media for using the phrase `` alternative facts '' during an interview with NBC 's Meet the Press on January 22 . She uttered the two words while trying to defend press secretary Sean Spicer 's false claim that POTUS , 70 , had the biggest inauguration crowd in history .
Recently , Conway , 50 , urged the public to `` go buy '' first daughter Ivanka Trump 's fashion line during a February 9 appearance on Fox & amp ; Friends , raising a debate about ethics violations .
`` I bet it ’ s brand-new information to people that President Obama had a six-month ban on the Iraqi refugee program after two Iraqis came here to this country , were radicalized and they were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre , '' `` Most people don ’ t know that because it didn ’ t get covered . ''
Some online have posted numerous photos of former President Obama resting his feet on the office ’ s famed Resolute desk at various times during his eight years in office .
As Snopes points out , Obama was far from the only leader to be photographed with his legs propped up , with similar images of Presidents George W. Bush and Gerald Ford likewise existing — and being “ unremarked-upon . ”
This flap comes just two weeks after a photo of Ivanka Trump sitting in her father ’ s Oval Office chair raised some eyebrows on Twitter .
The Taloja industrial area near India 's financial capital Mumbai has nearly 1,000 pharmaceutical , food and engineering factories .
Dogs in the suburbs of India 's financial capital Mumbai are reportedly turning blue due to untreated industrial wastes being released into a river . Stray dogs near Navi Mumbai 's Taloja industrial area often wade into the Kasadi river for food and water .
On Wednesday ( August 9 ) , the Navi Mumbai Animal Protection Cell took pictures of a dog that had turned blue .
The group filed a complaint with the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board ( MPCB ) on Thursday , saying the untreated waste that industries were releasing directly into the river was causing suffering to the animals .
Taloja is said to have nearly 1,000 pharmaceutical , food and engineering factories .
`` It was shocking to see how the dog 's white fur had turned completely blue , '' Arati Chauhan , resident of Navi Mumbai who runs the animal protection cell said . `` We have spotted almost five such dogs here and have asked the pollution control board to act against such industries , '' she added .
In August 2016 , fishermen were concerned that the polluted river water was affecting the fish in it . Quality tests conducted on samples collected from the common discharge treatment plant that 300 industrial units use to treat their waste showed that waste treatment was inadequate .
The levels of biochemical oxygen demand ( BOD ) – the concentration of oxygen required to sustain aquatic life – was 80mg/L . High levels of chloride , which is toxic , have harmed vegetation , aquatic life and wildlife . According to the Central Pollution Control Board guidelines , fish die when the BOD levels are above 6mg/L and levels above 3mg/L make the water unfit for human consumption .
The untreated industrial waste pumped out by these industrial plants had increased pollution levels in the Kasadi river to 13 times the safe limit , the Hindustan Times reported .
`` After numerous complaints to MPCB over the years , only the stench at Kasadi has reduced . However , the pollution levels continue to be extremely high and dissolved oxygen is negligible , '' Yogesh Pagade , member of a local fishing community that had conducted the study last year said .
MPCB officials said they had taken cognisance of the complaint . `` Allowing the discharge of dye into any water body is illegal . We will take action against the polluters as they are destroying the environment , '' the board 's regional officer Anil Mohekar said . `` We have directed our sub-regional officer to investigate , '' he added .
Animal rights activists are wondering if the move has come a bit too late , `` We have only spotted blue dogs so far . We do not know if birds , reptiles and other creatures are affected or if they have even died owing to the dye discharged into the air , '' Chauhan said .
From the ground , this planned 67-storey skyscraper looks entirely wholesome - but look down from a passing plane and it 's a whole different story .
The £800 million project , called Spire London , in London 's docklands will provide luxury living for the 765 people who buy a home there , say developers .
But it has been pointed out that the tower looks like male genitalia from above - which is unfortunate , as it is close to London City Airport .
The skyscraper is expected to be open by 2020 .
At 771ft , the 67 storey building will be the tallest in the UK and Western Europe , more than 150-feet taller than St George Wharf Tower , currently the tallest residential building in the capital .
It will also be one of the most luxurious , with homeowners enjoying a paved piazza , sculptured benches , birch tree lined entrance driveways and a dancing fountain inspired by the one at Somerset House .
There will be a concierge at hand at an orchid shaped reception desk in the lobby with six metre high ceilings , columns , feature lighting and lounge seating .
The frustration of waiting for a lift will disappear , with nine lifts providing a waiting time of just 35 seconds , say developers . Once in the lift , the cars will shoot up at six metres per second .
It could make a natural partner to the famous Al Wakrah Stadium in Qatar , which will host matches during the 2022 World Cup .
Aerial images have led to it being described as the 'accidental vagina stadium ' .
On Sunday night ( Dec. 20 ) , the entire internet cringed endlessly for Steve Harvey , who hosted the annual Miss Universe pageant in Las Vegas . Harvey misread his notecard and accidentally announced Ariadna Gutierrez-Arévalo , Miss Colombia , as the show ’ s winner — but the real winner was Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach , Miss Philippines . Oops ?
Gutierrez-Arévalo , who was actually the first runner-up , was already crowned and holding a congratulatory bouquet of flowers by the time Harvey realized his mistake . He promptly backtracked , saying , “ I have to apologize . The first runner-up is Colombia. ” The crowd erupted in cheers , and Twitter freaked out under the trending # MissUniverse2015 hashtag .
It took a few moments before Miss Philippines , who had moved out of Miss Colombia ’ s spotlight to the side of the stage , realized what this statement meant for her . Miss USA , the second runner-up , is seen whispering something to her , and then it finally clicks . The wrong person was crowned .
“ Miss Universe 2015 is Philippines , ” Harvey continued , showing his notecard to the cameras as proof . It was a genuine mistake — hey , humans aren ’ t perfect — and it was captured forever on live TV .
Wurtzbach , stunned , moved to the front of the stage , where the crown was removed from Miss Colombia ’ s head and placed on Miss Philippines ’ . Awwwwkward . You can watch the whole thing go down in the clip below .
The Miss Universe organization released an official statement following the pageant : “ The excitement of live TV was evident tonight on The Miss Universe stage with over 10 million live fan votes tabulated . Unfortunately , a live telecast means that human error can come into play . We witnessed that tonight when the wrong winner was initially announced . Our sincerest apologies to Miss Universe Colombia 2015 , Ariadna Gutierrez-Arévalo , Miss Universe Philippines 2015 , Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach , their families and fans . ”
Harvey also apologized for his error on Twitter — but he messed up again , Fox News reports . He tweeted , “ I want to apologize emphatically to Miss Philippians and Miss Columbia . This was a terribly honest human mistake and I am so regretful . ”
He misspelled both countries , and the tweet was soon deleted and replaced by a second apology .
“ I 'd like to apologize wholeheartedly to Miss Colombia & amp ; Miss Philippines for my huge mistake . I feel terrible .
“ Secondly , I 'd like to apologize to the viewers at that I disappointed as well . Again it was an honest mistake .
“ I do n't want to take away from this amazing night and pageant . As well as the wonderful contestants . They were all amazing . ”
— Steve Harvey ( @ IAmSteveHarvey ) December 21 , 2015
Eeeeeek . Not a great weekend for Harvey .
The super-rich used to be content with a cleaner , a gardener and a driver - but now no wealthy home is complete without a dog nanny and social media manager .
As the number of UK billionaires rises , so has demand for more unusual domestic staff .
Dog nannies – who take pets for walks and to the vets , or stay as live-in pet carers – have seen a boom in interest .
Nina Cole , founder of Nina ’ s Nannies for Pets , said she was constantly recruiting more live-in sitters to cope with demand .
‘ We have clients we keep all year around because they have to fly off for business at short notice , ’ she told the Mail . ‘ We also have clients who use us for holidays or who are hospitalised .
‘ We try to be affordable for everybody , not just the affluent end of the market . But we can go from a terraced house one week to a palatial mansion the next .
‘ We ’ ve certainly seen an increase in business in the last couple of years . I ’ m having to turn work down because we haven ’ t got the live-in sitters to cope . ’
Nina ’ s Nannies , based in Dunstable , Bedfordshire , charge £29 a day for a live-in service for one dog , plus an agency fee of 25 per cent .
Other companies charge between £23 and £50 a night as a basic rate , while live-in nannies can earn up to £50,000 a year for a 50-hour week .
One dog nanny told The Times her role was ‘ like having a full-time , live-in governess to cater to the whims of your dog . ’
The 31-year-old , known only as Samantha , added : ‘ I was basically the dogs ’ confidante . I would take them for walks , feed them , hang out with them .
‘ When my clients were travelling – and they travelled a lot – I would move into the family home . ’
Prestigious families are also hiring social media managers to supervise the content posted online by their teenage children , according to the documentary Who ’ d Be a Billionaire .
Social media consultant Kerry Rego said she had seen a rise in ‘ individual reputation awareness ’ from company bosses in the last two years .
She said : ‘ It ’ s the “ higher ups ” at companies that have regularly contacted me to help them keep their children safe online .
‘ Young people have a lack of understanding about long-term consequences and pose a risk for themselves and their families when interacting online .
‘ Posting locations , information about personal security , details about wealth , and even trade secrets can be innocently be spilled to millions of followers .
‘ This is an expanding area of growth for social media managers , watching the digital trails we leave behind , as online bodyguards . ’
The UK is home to 104 billionaires with a combined wealth of more than £301billion , according to the 2014 Sunday Times Rich List .
It has more billionaires per head of population than any other country , while London has more than any other city with 72 . Moscow , which has the second largest number of billionaires has only 48 .
Turns out , 2015 has been a year of great advice .
Thanks to Tumblr , there 's a way to catalog some of these amazing quotes , courtesy of everyone from billionaire superstars to teen bloggers .
The blogging platform listed the year 's top `` wisdom posts , '' defined by total number of likes and reblogs . From Louis C.K . 's reminder that emotions are valid to Oprah 's inspiring road to success , we learned that failures and setbacks are n't the end of the world .
It 's not surprising that Tumblr is the place to find these posts . The platform hosts large groups dedicated to mental well-being , encouragement and self-care .
If you 're looking for uplifting advice take a look at these 17 pearls of wisdom below :
1 . Never apologize for burning too brightly or collapsing into yourself every night . That is how galaxies are made . — Tyler Kent White .
2.You must allow yourself to outgrow and depart from certain eras of your life with a gentle sort of ruthlessness. -- from Girl of the Earth by Katy Maxwell
3 . Life 's too short to drink crappy coffee and cry over boys who do n't care .
4 . No one is you and that is your power . — Dave Grohl
5 . I ’ ve never met a strong person with an easy past . — Unknown
6 . This may be a sad chapter but you are not a sad story — a follower told me this , thank you .
7 . Van Gogh didn ’ t start painting til his late 20s , in case you feel like you haven ’ t found your talent .
8 . Love yourself so much that when someone treats you wrong , you recognize it — Rena
9 . The best way to save money is to act broke .
10 . Someone who wants the best for you is what ’ s best for you .
11 . Your relationship with yourself sets the tone for every other relationship you have . — Robert Holden
12 . At 23 , JK Rowling was broke . Tina Fey was working at the Y.M.C.A . Oprah had just gotten fired from her first job as a TV reporter and Walt Disney had declared bankruptcy . — Read This If You ’ re 23 And Lost by Heidi Priebe
13 . Go for it . Whether it ends good or bad , it was an experience . — Things I ’ m still learning . k.g .
14 . It costs $ 0.00 to be a decent person . — Unknown
15 . Someday you will look back and know exactly why it had to happen .
16 . REPEAT AFTER ME : ‘ My current situation is not my final destination ’ — quote I stumbled across a few days ago and can ’ t get out of my head it ’ s so important
17 . Don ’ t set yourself on fire to keep others warm . — a friend told me this today and honestly it might be my new motto for 2015
Tea and sympathy traditionally accompany bereavement but soon you could also have cake , cheese toasties and frankness about mortality .
London looks set to host a permanent `` Death Cafe '' , a coffee shop where people can go to talk about one of life 's most awkward subjects - dying .
Since the Death Cafe movement started in 2011 more than 2,000 popup cafes have sprung up across the world , with the majority opening in this country .
But now the movement 's founder wants to open a permanent Death Cafe in the British capital and next month will offer shares in it at £50 a go .
The permanent Death Café will run as a non-profit Community Benefit Society owned and managed by those who support it .
Funeral advisor and Death Cafe founder Jon Underwood says the aim of the movement is `` to increase awareness of death with a view to helping people make the most of their ( finite ) lives . ''
Death Cafes are not intended to be bereavement support groups or morbid places . They are simply environments where mentioning death and the deceased or fears about personal mortality and means of dying are openly welcomed and not unsaid , sanitised or ignored .
A survey by the charity Dying Matters reveals that more than 70 per cent of us are uncomfortable talking about death and dying .
`` We do n't want toshove death down people 's throats , '' Underwood told The Independent . `` We just want to create an environment where talking about death is natural and comfortable . ''
He got the idea from the Swiss model ( cafe mortel ) invented by sociologist Bernard Crettaz .
`` I 'm certain that Death Café London will be both beneficial for society and a chance for learning and discussion , '' Underwood explains . `` In my experience , when people talk about death and dying , all their pretences disappear ,
Talking of Death Cafe London he says : `` The time is right to offer a place where people can come to engage with death.More and more people are expressing support and getting involved.Death Café London is committed to enabling all people – especially individuals with marginalized identities – to buy shares in , work at , use and shape the venture . ''
A Chinese designer is dismantling valuable pairs of sneakers and reinterpreting them as smog masks in a bid to tackle pollution in China .
His most hyped creation to date was crafted from a pair of Yeezy Boost 350 V2s , a rare pair that shoe obsessives have been known to snap up for a colossal $ 10,000 . The Beijing-based creative , Zhijun Wang , first began experimenting with re-purposing sneakers back in 2014 when the former marathon runner noticed the air was not clean .
It might be the 1st piece of YEEZY Mask with filtering function in the world .
Most Chinese citizens wear face masks as a result of extreme pollution but despite this , there is a severe lack of fashionable choices on offer .
As a result , he challenged himself to create face gear that was both functional and stylish .
For his first creation , he used a panel from a Nike Jacket combined with a Nike Flyknit racer silo shoe but his next was exclusively crafted from a sneaker .
Since then , he has gone on to create around twenty unique masks all made from collectable footwear and fitted with 3M filters .
The most lauded of which was crafted from two halves of Yeezys orange and grey primeknit uppers with the signature SPLY 350 branding visible on either side .
The special-edition mask drew an impressive bid of more than $ 5,000 on eBay China .
Zhijun Wang is clear that China still has a long way to go when it comes to bridging the gap between fashion and environmental consciousness but his trendy twist on the ubiquitous face mask is certainly fuelling a much needed dialogue .
What ’ s going to happen to the tech world in 2016 ? While of course no one really knows for sure , it ’ s possible to make a few semieducated guesses . Here are 10 predictions for the biggest tech trends for the coming year — from the blindingly obvious to the wildly speculative .
1 . Apple will unveil a new Watch and a new iPhone
This is the easiest prediction in the world , which is why we started with it ( guaranteeing that at least one of these will be right ) .
Apple is expected to release Apple Watch 2.0 sometime this spring , we hope with an improved interface and a lot more apps . And next fall will see the release of the iPhone 7 , which ( if rumors are to be believed ) will include a fingerprint sensor on the screen , wireless charging , multiple cameras , and a USB-C port instead of power or headphone jacks .
2 . Apple ’ s dominance of tech culture will decline
Since the Second Coming of Jobs in 1997 , interest in all things Apple has been climbing at a steady rate , going into hyperdrive with the release of the iPhone ( 2007 ) and then the iPad ( 2010 ) . Lately , though , the products coming out of Cupertino have been less than magical and life-changing .
And for all of Tim Cook ’ s many fine qualities , he can ’ t generate a reality distortion field the way his predecessor could . Until Cook manages to pull another rabbit out of his iHat — an Apple Car ? a fully integrated smart home ? — the Apple mystique has clearly peaked . Nowhere to go but down .
We all knew it from the start- that one year will go by really quickly . As our cohort nears into the final parts of our year in Beijing , the nostalgia has begun as we think back on our time and memories here . Over the past few weeks , I am thankful to have had the chance to meet some of the scholars from the next incoming class and I must say I am impressed by your zeal and excitement and also a sense of connectedness even though our community is only beginning to grow . A couple of you have asked a lot of questions about how to make the most of your time in the coming year and the writer in me has decided to pen down some of the discussions that we had . The following piece details a few of the learnings that came from some of those discussions we had . Disclaimer that this only represents my own synthesis and reflections and that this is not meant to be prescriptive but rather to serve as lens and frames to think about . As with all things in life there is never one single template , for it ’ s up to each of us to thread the path most suited for us . With that in mind , here comes 5 little nuggets of reflection .
Know what you are coming here for
A few of us have a weekly “ Billions ” watching club at the college and Bobby Axelrod is no doubt one of our favourite characters from the hit TV series . Yet in our context , his philosophy is hard to put into action by the simple fact that time will always be limited , trade-offs have to be made and for that you need to know where your priorities are . One year will go by quickly and unless we have a clear awareness of what we are hoping to get out from our time here .
How then can we think of what those priorities should be ? One framework that came from our discussions was to see it as 3 balls to be juggled- career development , personal learning , building friendships . Career development focuses on both long-term career exploration and skills/ experience building such as through attending workshops or working part-time . Personal learning revolves around wider knowledge accumulation and personal reflections- specifically by virtue of being in China , we may want to think about specific aspects of China that we would want to learn more of . The final bubble on friendships is self-explanatory but the art is in thinking of the myriad of activities , interactions and groups that we would form ( because choosing how and who we spend our time shows where our priorities are ) . Note that these are only directional areas to guide thinking , but it ’ s up to us to set out what our specific objectives in each of those areas . Thinking of those objectives will only be the first step , discovering what means or ways to achieve those ( be it external events , travelling , self-initiated projects ) will be the next important thing to consider . To this point , remember that the programme will not spoon-feed us with opportunities , it ’ s up to each of us to actively initiate and pursue the things that we want to see and do . ( For starters , quite a few of the most memorable activities have all been student-driven )
But stay open to explore what comes up
While setting objectives are important , it ’ s also vital to remain open to how the year actually unfolds . This plays out both at a practical level as well as at our mindset . At the practical level , it means maintaining enough flexibility for the unexpected things that show up . Often through it ’ s through maintaining willingness to explore new things that allows us to discover more about ourselves .
More importantly , at a mindset level , the biggest personal learning that I took away was just the importance of staying open-minded in learning . Many of us will come with very well-grounded and thought out views as reinforced by our many years of education and experience . Against that backdrop , it will take continuous effort to challenge ourselves to withhold judgment and instead allow ourselves to reconsider new viewpoints . This is especially given both the unique context and characteristics of China and also the wide diversity of backgrounds that our fellow scholars will bring . There might come a time when it gets easy to become cynical and to stop trying to listen and that ’ s when it ’ s good to remind ourselves to step back before re-engaging .
Be empowered , not entitled
Many of us come in with already distinguished achievements and a year in Beijing will hopefully help to further build each of us up to create greater impact in our respective areas . Indeed , the programme by virtue is designed to challenge and inspire us to make an even greater impact on the communities and world around us .
Yet amidst the empowerment that the programme brings , it will do us good to remember not to feel entitled to things around us . We must remember that no one owes us anything just because we are a Schwarzman Scholar and that we do not deserve anything by virtue of our fellowship . The global political disarray that we have witnessed in 2016 has partly stemmed from an elite that has become entitled and disconnected from the very communities they are supposed to serve . It ’ s thus important to come away with the humility to keep learning and growing , to be grateful for the opportunities that we are given and to remain grounded to contributing in whatever little way we can .
Develop our convictions and values
Every now and then , there will always be that continual “ mid-life crisis ” struggle of trying to find our life direction and purpose . This is no doubt hard stuff , but perhaps it ’ s easier to identify direction when we are clear on our convictions and beliefs . At the end of the day , a sense of conviction helps us understand what we value , what motivates us and what kind of change we want to see in the world . Conversely , having ambition without conviction will only end up eating us from the inside .
A fellow scholar on the programme once shared 3 key questions that he thinks about daily in helping to shape his own convictions and vision :
① What do you believe
② What do you love
What do you believe spells out what our values are and what our vision is for how we hope to shape the world . What do you love then relates to specific areas of interest as well as processes that we enjoy undertaking . Finally , who do you love prompts us to think about the people around us and demands us to learn to love and give more unconditionally than we would ever have . If we can come away from the year with greater clarity on these 3 questions , it will go a long way in helping to shape our convictions overtime .
Live in the present
Throughout our years of going through a structured education system and work experiences , it ’ s always easy to think of the “ what next ” in life . Yet , be reminded that this one year is only a short temporary phase in the wider scheme of our careers and life . It would be a pity if our only focus is in continually thinking of the next thing that this year leads to .
My own advice would be to take a step back and learn to appreciate each day for the gift that it is . And so treasure every single moment there is , that way we would ensure we do not look back with regrets on what could have been . Because if we can learn to live more in the present moment , then every ordinary day becomes extraordinary .
The journey is yours to make , go do great things
Final words- this is an open letter precisely because it ’ s not about one person ’ s view but rather an invitation for discourse and reflection . The beauty of our programme by design is in encouraging discourse and debate from which learning and new insights can emerge . To that point , one final reminder is that for many of us , that the greatest gift from this year is the community that we have . And it 's our collective responsibility to continue to build and contribute to this community , especially to embody the values that we want to represent . The upcoming journey is yours to make and we will all be looking forward to the great things that you do .
“ At the end of the day , we are all part of a long-running story , and we just try to get our paragraph right . ”
To that end , we are thankful to have been a part of this story
And we look forward to seeing you begin your chapter .
About Author
Alexander Ho Young Chan holds a Master of Public Policy from Oxford University and a Bachelor degree in Engineering from Hong Kong University . He has worked for both Bain & amp ; Company and the United Kingdom Cabinet Office . Alexander has led multiple community projects related to his interest in education , social mobility and inclusive economic development . He also served as the Oxford Strategy Group ’ s Managing Director and the Oxford Student Hub ’ s Vice-president , initiating projects on economic development , social enterprises and community service . Alexander is 25 years old and from Hong Kong .
Mattress firm Airweave , Ryan Lochte 's last remaining sponsor , has now dropped its endorsement .
After Speedo said it would terminate its relationship with the disgraced athlete , all three of his remaining sponsors pulled out within the space of six hours on Monday .
Airweave was the fourth and final company to speak out .
'We have made the decision to end our partnership with Ryan Lochte , ' Airweave told NBC .
It 's been a swift and dramatic fall from grace for the Olympian .
Last Thursday Brazilian police sensationally revealed that Lochte had lied about being robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro .
In reality , he and three fellow swimmers spent the early hours of Sunday morning vandalising a gas station and urinating on the walls outside .
His endorsers have taken fright at the press storm which has ensued since the fiasco .
Speedo signed a ten-year contract with the athlete in 2006 . But in a brief statement on Monday the company said it would be ending the deal - which would have been up for renewal this year in any case .
'Speedo USA today announces the decision to end its sponsorship of Ryan Lochte , ' it said .
'As part of this decision , Speedo USA will donate a $ 50,000 portion of Lochte ’ s fee to Save The Children , a global charity partner of Speedo USA ’ s parent company , for children in Brazil . '
Ralph Lauren followed suit just hours after the swimwear brand dropped the Olympian , declaring the company would not be renewing Lochte 's contract .
And according to ESPN , Syneron-Candela , the parent company of Gentle Hair Removal , has also ended its association .
Speedo did not drop Lochte 's teammate Michael Phelps when he was found to have been drunk driving in 2014 .
32-year-old Lochte has won 12 Olympic medals and is the second-most decorated swimmer of all time . But his status as one of the darlings of the athletic scene has been put in jeopardy by the Rio fiasco .
Even companies that previously sponsored Lochte have been keen to distance themselves from him - prompted by Twitter users mistaking them for current endorsers .
It is unclear how much Lochte earned from these companies . However in 2012 , the year of the London Olympics , Fortune estimated his endorsement earnings could reach around $ 2.3 million , with most of those netting him upwards of $ 250,000 .
A supportive man , giving his fiancee a lift to the regional heats of the Miss England competition ended up being asked to compete .
Ben Guymer , 25 , from Wigan , Greater Manchester , caught the eye of beauty contest staff while giving moral support to Nina Higham at the beauty pageant 's regional heats .
But in a cruel twist paralegal Nina , also 25 , failed to make the cut in Leicester - while Ben found himself thrust into the running for the Mr England prize .
He now has his eyes set on the national award and will battle it out with 11 other contestants at the Riviera Centre in Torquay , Devon , in June .
If he grabs the ultimate prize then he will jet off to sunny Mauritius to take on the best from across the globe in the Mr World competition .
Ben said : 'I did n't go there to be pretty or really good looking , I was just driving Nina down to the second stage of the competition .
'I was just waiting for her really but the staff there were really keen for me to enter .
'I definitely was n't keen at first because I knew I 'd get a load of stick off my mates but I gave in in the end . '
Ben continued : 'My mates have been ripping me for it but , to be fair , they 've always been really supportive of me in the end . '
The building surveyor is already gearing up for the pageant and has been hitting the gym four times a week as well as dieting to ensure he is in peak condition to wow the judges .
Pageant virgin Ben is also practicing his singing talents and is eyeing up a Michael Bublé song or an acoustic version of Mr Probz ' hit song Waves to steal the show .
He will also take on the Spartan challenge this summer to tone up for the contest .
Ben said : 'I do n't really know what to expect , I think that there is a round on questions about the economy as well as talents and modelling .
'They 're definitely looking for more than just good looks and I 'm just hoping to see how it goes . If I can win it then obviously that would be great .
And thankfully Nina is n't jealous of Ben 's success : 'I know Nina did n't make it herself but she 's happy for me and been really supportive . She 's definitely on board . '
Ben , who has a masters degree in furniture and product design , insists that he is just happy to be working as a building surveyor at Central Manchester University Hospitals .
But he refuses to close the door to more work on the catwalk in the future .
Ben said : 'If this turns into anything then I 'd be happy to pursue it , but at the moment I 'm just happy to keep doing what I 'm doing . We 'll see how it goes . '
In 1931 , Winston Churchill predicted that within 50 years the world would `` escape the absurdity '' of raising a whole chicken on farm and instead grow parts in lab .
Now scientists are predicting that his vision will come to pass within the next 15 years , with the first lab-grown turkey gracing Christmas tables by 2030 .
Paul Mozdziak , professor of poultry science at North Carolina State University , is confident that in the future meat will be grown in 5,000 gallon drums and factory farming will be replaced by large scale `` cellular agriculture '' .
“ Years from now , when people are in the grocery story trying to decide if they want to buy traditional versus cultivated meat , I am 100 percent sure that culture meat is going to be just as cheap , if not cheaper , ” Prof Mozdziak told MIT Technology Review .
Although the idea of biotech companies growing meat in a lab might seem ethically dubious , it has won the backing of environmentalists and animal rights campaigners who say it would reduce the reliance on battery animals and save resources .
Livestock farming has the biggest carbon footprint of any food and producing beef in vitro could cut greenhouse gas emissions by 90 percent .
Surveys have also shown that vegetarians would eat meat if it were grown in a lab , so it could open a lucrative new market for investors .
The process works by taking a small piece of turkey breast and isolating special stem cells which form muscle fibre . Those cells are then placed in a soup of sugar and amino acids which tricks them into thinking they are still inside the turkey and need to continue dividing .
A single satellite cell can undergo 75 generations of division during three months , which in theory could produce enough muscle to make 20 trillion turkey nuggets .
At present , culture meat is not economically viable . When the first hamburger was created in 2013 , it took three months to grow at a cost of £220,000 .
And creating a turkey-size amount of meat in Professor Mozdziak 's lab would currently take more than £20,000 worth of growth serum .
However , the team is now working alongside biomedical engineer David Kaplan at Tufts University , Massachusetts , who is looking for a way to grow cells in 3D , not just flat sheets , which would radically speed up the process and lower the cost .
The team predicts that the first meat could be available on shelves by 2030 .
By 2050 , half of the world ’ s population ( nearly 5 billion ) will be short-sighted , research suggests , and screens are to blame .
Up to one-fifth of the short-sighted population ( 1 billion ) is at a significantly increased risk of blindness , says the study published in the journal Ophthalmology .
The rapid increase in the prevalence of myopia globally is attributed to , `` environmental factors ( nurture ) , principally lifestyle changes resulting from a combination of decreased time outdoors and increased near work activities '' – time spent looking at screens , say the authors from University of New South Wales Australia and Singapore Eye Research Institute .
High income countries are most at risk of myopia , the researchers say , simply because the people living in those countries spend more time looking at their television , or phone , or laptop .
Near work has been thought to be a cause of myopia , or at least a risk factor , for more than 100 years , said researchers .
Though the study said that less time spent outside is correlated with myopia , it is not yet clear why exactly this is the case .
We need to ensure our children receive a regular eye examination from an optometrist or ophthalmologist , preferably each year , so that preventative strategies can be employed if they are at risk , said a researcher .
Vocabulary
It is not your average police car .
Abu Dhabi 's Police Department has revealed its latest vehicle - a $ 3.4m hypercar with a surveillance system robocop would be proud of .
The Lykan Hypersport has been fitted with special cameras allowing it to read numberplates and even scan the faces of drivers at high speed .
Created by W Motors , the Lykan HyperSport is touted as the first Middle Eastern supercar , and also featured prominently in Fast & amp ; Furious 7 .
It boasts a 3.7-liter twin-turbo flat-six delivering 740 horsepower , and can reach 62 miles per hour in 2.8 seconds , with a top speed of 245 mph .
Now , it has been revealed as Abu Dhabi Police Department 's latest vehicle .
It has also received a 'robocop ' upgrade with cameras made by Ekin .
'Lykan HyperSport , one of the world 's fastest super cars is equipped with ekin Patrol , thus becomes the smartest car in the world and is transformed into a 'Robocop ' , ' it said .
'ekin Patrol is capable of reading license plates of moving and stopping cars and monitors the speed of surrounding cars even on oncoming traffic .
'It is also capable of recognizing faces at the highest speeds .
'Further it stores all license plates , speeds and faces .
'Science fiction films come true with the help of ekin Patrol , which is designed for the policemen of the future . '
Developed after two years of research by the company 's R & amp ; D team in collaboration with police forces and road safety specialists , Ekin describes its Patrol product as , 'the first truly intelligent patrol unit in the world . '
During her reign , the Queen has encountered a rapidly changing world of technology — from the advent of colour television to the mobile phone and the internet .
In the Fifties , she made the first trunk call in the UK and , when email technology was in its infancy , during a visit to an Army base in 1976 , she became the first monarch to send one of the electronic messages .
Now , still keen to take advantage of the latest technology , the Queen — who turns 90 on Thursday — is advertising for a £50,000-per-year media specialist to boost the Royal Family 's online profile .
The head of digital engagement , who will be based at Buckingham Palace , must 'develop our digital communications strategy and ensure that we make effective use of a range of digital platforms to support these aims ' , says the advert on the royal website .
The Royal Household already uses websites including Twitter and YouTube to promote the monarchy , and the successful candidate will be expected to continue to innovate .
'It 's about never standing still and finding new ways to maintain the Queen 's presence in the public eye and on the world stage , ' the ad continues . 'This is what makes working for the Royal Household exceptional .
'You 'll provide digital and editorial leadership to a small team of digital media specialists , drive the content strategy of our newly launched website and work with colleagues across the organisation to continuously improve our digital presence . '
Her Majesty has long been keeping up with digital advances . The concept of video-sharing site YouTube was explained to her by granddaughters Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie before she launched her own royal channel on the website in 2007 .
Other technological milestones include her own website — launched in 1997 during a visit to a school in North-West London and relaunched earlier this year — and personally uploading a video to YouTube during a trip to Google in 2008 . She also sent her first tweet in 2014 while opening an information gallery at the Science Museum .
'Reputation , brand and impact will be at the forefront of all you do , ' the ad says of the job , for which applications close on Sunday . 'Having managed social media networks for a high-profile organisation , you 'll have an understanding of how to maximise their benefits and minimise any risks .
'And having your work shared around the world will be the biggest reward . '
You ’ re bound to say some tone-deaf things to your spouse every so often ― but there are some phrases you should absolutely never say .
We asked couple therapists to share the most annoying things men report hearing from their spouses . Of course , it goes both ways .
1 . “ Nevermind , I ’ ll just do it myself . ”
Marriage pro tip : When you ask your spouse to call the plumber to fix the sink , give him a chance to do it . Rolling your eyes and saying , “ nevermind , I ’ ll do it myself ” may result in you getting your sink fixed sooner , but it ’ s also likely to rub your spouse the wrong way .
“ Chances are , he wants to help you and make you happy , ” said Anne Crowley , an Austin , Texas-based psychologist . “ It ’ s a frustrating phrase for a husband to hear because it suggests you don ’ t think he ’ s capable of completing the task and don ’ t need him . ”
2 . “ You should have known . ”
You ’ re setting yourself up for disappointment if you expect your hubby to decipher every last gesture and statement you make , said Ryan Howes , a clinical psychologist based in Pasadena , California .
“ Women become upset when their husbands can ’ t read between the lines or read their minds but guys are notoriously poor mind readers , ” he said . “ Wives will save themselves a lot of grief if they can come to accept this and just ask for what they want . ”
3 . “ Do you think she ’ s hot ? ”
Do you really want to know your husband ’ s thoughts about an attractive woman ? Probably not ― plus , you ’ re putting your spouse in an uncomfortable , no-win situation , said Kurt Smith , a therapist who specializes in counseling men .
“ Most men have already identified the pretty women in the room ; if he ’ s trying to respect you then he should be already trying not to look , so you pointing her out will only make him more self-conscious , uncomfortable and unsure of what to do to not upset you or hurt your feelings , ” he said .
4 . “ We need to talk . ”
No four words strike fear into a married man ’ s heart quite like “ we need to talk. ” Opt for something less ominous sounding the next time you bring up an issue , said Marcia Naomi Berger , a therapist and author of Marriage Meetings for Lasting Love : 30 Minutes a Week to the Relationship You ’ ve Always Wanted .
“ The phrase ‘ we need to talk ’ is often a signal that the wife has complaints or criticism about the husband , ” she said . “ He assumes he somehow failed you and withdraws , creating a disconnect , which is the exact opposite of what you were trying to accomplish . ”
Seriously ? There ’ s no right or wrong way to be a man . For your spouse ’ s sake , let your gender expectations go and try to have a civil conversation .
“ Telling your spouse to ‘ man up ’ is a brutal attack on his core identity , ” Howes said . “ It ’ s a statement loaded with contempt and shame and could create relationship damage that will be difficult to heal . ”
6 . “ Pick up after yourself . I ’ m not your mother . ”
There are better ways to encourage your spouse to put his dirty socks in the hamper than telling him you ’ re tired of feeling like his mom .
“ Many men are sensitive about their relationship with their mother , so suggesting he still wants or needs his mom is not a way to encourage him to change behavior you don ’ t like , ” Smith said .
7 . “ You never , you should have , you ought to ... ”
Sorry , but chiding your spouse about how he never does the dishes ( or takes out the trash or drives the kids to school ) isn ’ t likely to inspire change , Berger said .
“ It ’ s much better to say , ‘ I ’ d appreciate it if you would empty the dishwasher tonight , ’ for example . And when he does , thank him and you can expect more help in the future , ” she said .
8 . “ You ’ ve put on a few pounds lately , huh ? ”
Instead of pointing out changes in your spouse ’ s appearance , be supportive and tell him you ’ d love if he joined you at your cycle class sometime , said Becky Whetstone , a Little Rock , Arkansas-based therapist .
“ Insinuating that his body is not like it once was will shrink his confidence ― and he ’ ll probably up his calorie intake just to spite you ! ”
9 . “ You ’ re going out with the guys again ? ”
Don ’ t look at Fantasy Football meet-ups and golf trips as threats to your marriage . It ’ s quite the opposite , actually ; some time apart will likely do your relationship good , Howes said .
“ Yes , sometimes a guy ’ s night is just an excuse to drink and fart but for many guys these are crucial times to connect , seek advice , get support and express some important emotions , ” he said . “ Wives who feel threatened by this or forbid their husband from attending may be cutting off a vital support system . ”
The biggest bonus of guy time , according to Howes , “ There ’ s a good chance he ’ ll actually be a better husband if he can compare notes with other husbands and dads . ”
Beijing residents could be rewarded with up to 500,000 yuan ( $ 72,460 ) if they can provide useful information on spies or related activities , according to a government policy that took effect on Monday .
Under the policy , informants are eligible to be offered rewards ranging from 10,000 yuan to 500,000 yuan , depending on how useful the information is , according to the policy issued by the National Security Bureau of Beijing .
Informants can pass information to authorities by calling a hotline , sending letters or visiting the bureau .
Informants ' privacy and information about spy-related messages will not be disclosed , while information providers can ask authorities for protection if they or their relatives are in danger due to the act of informing , according to the policy .
However , informants will face punishments if they deliberately slander others or invent and spread false information , the policy stipulates .
The bureau said in a release that China is witnessing rapid increases in international exchanges and the number of people entering or exiting the country each year . `` Meanwhile , overseas espionage agencies and other hostile forces have also intensified their disruptive activities in China , including political infiltration , subversion and the stealing of intelligence , '' it said .
Some Chinese individuals have also betrayed the nation to benefit their private interests , which offers overseas espionage agencies opportunities , the bureau said , adding that Beijing , as the capital , is the primary location for such activities .
`` Therefore , it 's necessary to implement new measures in anti-espionage investigation , and to encourage the participation of the general public , '' it said .
One of the most recent cases made public occurred in the eastern province of Jiangsu in January . Two residents in Lianyungang city , surnamed Zhang and Wan , called the national security authorities after they found a device with instructions in foreign languages while fishing in the Yellow Sea . The device was later found to be spying equipment made and used by overseas agencies to collect data , according to an official release .
The national security authorities said the two informants received significant financial rewards , but the amount was not disclosed .
China has intensified legislation on State security in recent years . In 2014 , the Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress adopted the Counterespionage Law amid a more complex State security situation .
The law stipulates that foreign organizations and individuals who conduct espionage activities or who instigate and sponsor others in conducting them will be punished , as will domestic organizations and individuals who spy on the country for foreign organizations and individuals .
The United Nations took a historic step Tuesday to open up the usually secret process of selecting the next secretary-general , giving all countries the chance to question candidates on such issues as how they would resist pressure from powerful nations , tackle sex abuse by UN peacekeepers , and improve efforts to achieve peace .
Montenegro 's Foreign Minister Igor Luksic was the first of nine candidates to face members of the UN General Assembly , citing his small Balkan nation 's multiethnic and multicultural diversity as well as his experience as a former prime minister and defense minister in seeking the UN 's top diplomatic post . UNESCO Director-General Irina Bokova and former UN refugee chief Antonio Guterres followed .
General Assembly President Mogens Lykketoft called it `` a historic moment ... without precedent at the United Nations . ''
`` As the United Nations grapples with multiple crises and the organization deals with some fundamental questions regarding its own role and performance , finding the best possible candidates to succeed Ban Ki-moon is absolutely crucial , '' Lykketoft said . `` For the first time since this organization started 70 years ago , the process for selecting and appointing the next secretary-general is being generally guided by the principles of transparency and inclusivity . ''
Under the UN Charter , the secretary-general is chosen by the 193-member General Assembly on the recommendation of the 15-member Security Council .
In practice , this has meant that the council 's five permanent members — the US , Russia , China , Britain and France — have veto power over the candidates . That will not change in deciding whom to recommend to succeed Ban , whose second five-year term ends on Dec. 31 .
But Lykketoft told the assembly Tuesday that he views the question-and-answer sessions , which will continue through Thursday , `` as a potential game-changer for the United Nations . ''
`` If there is a critical mass of countries supporting one single candidate , I do n't think the Security Council will be coming up with quite a different name , '' he said . But `` if there are many , many candidates and no clear favorite , it could very well be that the absolute final word will be from the Security Council . ''
By tradition , the job of secretary-general has rotated among regions and Asia , Africa , Latin America and Europe have all held the top UN post . East European nations , including Russia , argue that they have never had a secretary-general and it is their turn . There has also never been a woman secretary-general and a group of 56 nations are campaigning for the first female UN chief .
There are currently four women and five men who have thrown their hats in the ring — seven from Eastern Europe , one from Western Europe and one from the Asia-Pacific region .
A new treatment for suicidal patients in South Korea involves locking them up in wooden coffins . The fake “ death experience ” apparently helps students appreciate life better after confronting a simulated version of their last moments .
The rate of suicide in Korea is on the rise , with about 40 people killing themselves every day . Experts believe that the nation ’ s super-competitive atmosphere is responsible for so many cases of depression and suicide . And according to theSeoul Hyowon Healing Center , the solution to this crisis lies in their ‘ death experience ’ therapy .
Participants at the centre come from all walks of life , including teenagers who struggle with pressure at school , older parents experiencing isolation , and the elderly who are afraid of becoming a financial burden on their families . They all don white robes and get into coffins arranged in rows . Beside each coffin is a small desk with pens and paper . Students sit inside the coffins and listen to a short talk by Jeong Yong-mun , a former funeral worker who is now the head of the healing centre . He explains to them that they should accept their problems as a part of life and try to find joy in the most difficult situations .
The students then lie down in the coffin and close their eyes to have a ‘ funeral portrait ’ taken . Afterwards , they write down their will or compose a farewell letter to their loved ones , and read their last words aloud to the group . When the ‘ hour of death ’ approaches , they are told that it is now time to ‘ go to the other side ’ . Candles are lit and the ‘ Korean Angel of Death ’ enters the room . The students lie down in their coffins once more , and the angel closes the lid on each one of them .
They are left alone in the dark for about 10 minutes , during which time they are faced with the idea of ‘ nothingness ’ in the after-life . They are encouraged to use this time to contemplate on life from an outsider ’ s perspective . When they finally emerge from their coffins , they claim to feel ‘ refreshed ’ and ‘ liberated ’ . Jeong Yong-mun enters the room once more to tell them : “ You have seen what death feels like , you are alive , and you must fight ! ”
The idea of the experience is to dwell on the ‘ collateral damage ’ of death and to think about how much pain they might cause their loved ones by choosing to end their lives .
Coffin therapy is not a new concept – we came across it a few years ago when a coffin maker from Ukraine offered people the chance to get inside some of his comfortable creations . We also heard of a psychotherapy clinic in Shenyang , China , where people with psychological problems were treated with death therapy . Most people who tried it reported feeling very relaxed and positive afterwards .
Finnish music fans who are left disappointed by a sub-par live performance can now get a refund , it 's reported .
A landmark decision by the country 's Consumer Disputes Board means music fans can ask for their money back if an artist 's performance is well below what they reasonably expected , the national broadcaster Yle reports . It follows a complaint by a Chuck Berry fan , who saw the rock and roll pioneer perform inHelsinkiin 2013.Berry , who is now 88 years old , seemed unwell during the concert , and apologized to fans while on stage . The consumer body decided that the event 's organizer should refund 50 % of the ticket price .
But it is n't as simple as just not enjoying a performance , according the board 's chairman , Paul Stahlberg . `` Anyone seeking a ruling like this is always spurred by a subjective opinion , but that 's not enough to get a refund , '' he tells Yle . `` What is significant is a generally agreed view that the concert was a failure , as it was in the Chuck Berry case . ''
While refunds are standard practice for cancelled concerts , it 's rare that fans can expect to be reimbursed when one goes ahead . In 2008 , singer Neil Diamond offered refunds to 11,000 fans who attended a show inOhio , during which he sounded hoarse . Many ticket-holders walked out when it became apparent Diamond was unwell . The singer was subsequently diagnosed with acute laryngitis , and cancelled two concerts later that week .
It is what many a potato-lover has long suspected : spuds are bad for the waistline .
The humble potato is one of the most fattening vegetables , a study found .
The Harvard researchers said that rather than filling up on potatoes , weight-conscious folk should try brown rice or whole meal bread instead .
Other vegetables that slimmers might want to give a wide-berth include sweetcorn and peas .
Even celery , which is often thought of as the dieter 's friend , does n't magic excess weight away .
However , eating more blueberries , prunes and cauliflower could help slimmers reach their target weight .
The fascinating findings come from a Harvard School of Public Health analysis of detailed dietary information provided by more than 130,000 American men and women .
Every four years , for up to 24 years , they answered questions about how often they ate 131 different foods – including fruit and vegetables .
They were also weighed regularly and provided information about smoking , exercise , TV watching and other aspects of their lifestyle .
The wealth of information generated has been used by researchers for many different purposes but this study focused on fruit and vegetable intake and weight change .
Not surprisingly , upping intake led to weight loss over time .
Fruit was twice as good as veg , with every extra portion a day leading to around half a pound of flab being shed over four years .
Blueberries were the number one fat burner , with an extra handful a day linked to almost a pound and a half of weight loss .
Prunes , apples , pears , strawberries , raisins and grapes , also scored high on the weight loss scale .
Reasons for this range from people substituting them for fattening desserts to them being particularly rich in plant compounds called polyphenols .
These are credited with a host of health benefits , including altering the metabolism and the body 's processing of sugar .
Cauliflower came out top in the vegetable category .
Other veg deemed good for weight loss included broccoli and Brussels sprouts .
Writing in the journal PLoS Medicine , researcher Monica Bertoia said that while the figures for each food may seem small , they would soon add up .
She said : 'Although the magnitude of weight change associated with each increased daily serving was modest , combining an increase of one to two servings of vegetables and one to two servings of fruits daily would be associated with substantial weight change . '
Even staying at the same weight , rather than gradually getting fatter , is good for health .
However , not all greens are good for the waistline .
Sweetcorn , peas and potatoes were actually linked to weight gain .
And only baked , boiled and mashed potatoes were included , so the finding can not be explained by people feasting on fatty chips .
Dr Bertoia said that brown rice and whole meal bread are both good alternatives to potatoes .
All of the calculations took into accountother changes to diet , as well as changes to smoking , exercise and sleep that occurred over the years .
Donald Trump on Thursday reached the number of delegates needed to clinch the Republican nomination for president , completing an unlikely rise that has upended the political landscape and sets the stage for a bitter fall campaign .
And he celebrated with McDonald 's takeout and Diet Coke on his private plane - after a swipe at his rival Hillary Clinton for being unable to secure the Democratic nomination .
During a press conference Thursday in North Dakota , Trump said he was 'honored ' by the help he received from a handful of local delegates who gave him a majority .
'I 'm so honored by these people ! They had such great sense ! ' Trump beamed .
One , John Trandem , said he was Trump 's 1,238th pledged delegate – the one who put him over the top and cemented the presidential nomination .
Trump shook hands with Trandem - after crowing that Clinton ca n't do the same .
'Here I am watching Hillary fight , and she ca n't close the deal , ' he told reporters . 'We 've had tremendous support from almost everybody . '
It takes 1,237 delegates to win the Republican nomination for president . Trump has reached 1,238 . With 303 delegates at stake in five state primaries on June 7 , Trump will easily pad his total , avoiding a contested convention in Cleveland in July .
Trump , a political neophyte who for years delivered caustic commentary on the state of the nation from the sidelines but had never run for office , fought off 16 other Republican contenders in an often ugly primary race .
Many on the right have been slow to warm to Trump , wary of his conservative bona fides . Others worry about Trump 's crass personality and the lewd comments he 's made about women .
But millions of grassroots activists , many who have been outsiders to the political process , have embraced Trump as a plain-speaking populist who is not afraid to offend .
Steve House , chairman of the Colorado Republican Party and an unbound delegate who confirmed his support of Trump to AP , said he likes the billionaire 's background as a businessman .
'Leadership is leadership , ' House said . 'If he can surround himself with the political talent , I think he will be fine . '
Others who confirmed their decision to back Trump were more tepid , saying they are supporting him out of a sense of obligation because he won their state 's primary .
Cameron Linton of Pittsburgh said he will back Trump on the first ballot since he won the presidential primary vote in Linton 's congressional district .
'If there 's a second ballot I wo n't vote for Donald Trump , ' Linton said . 'He 's ridiculous . There 's no other way to say it . '
All the while , Republican leaders declared themselves appalled by Trump 's rise . Conservatives called the onetime Democrat a fraud .
But they failed , ultimately , to block him . Republican leaders slowly , warily , began meeting with Trump and his staff . And he began winning endorsements from a few members of Congress .
Trump incurred relatively low campaign costs — just $ 57 million through the end of April . He covered most of it with at least $ 43 million of his own money loaned to the campaign .
He spent less than $ 21 million on paid television and radio commercials . That 's about one-quarter of what Jeb Bush and his allies spent on TV .
Bush dropped out of the race three months ago , after disappointing results in South Carolina .
Trump , 69 , the son of a New York City real estate magnate , had risen to fame in the 1980s and 1990s , overseeing major real estate deals , watching his financial fortunes rise , then fall , hosting 'The Apprentice ' TV show and authoring more than a dozen books .
According to the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau , there were 3,889 victims of so-called romance fraud last year , who handed over a record £39 million .
Action Fraud , the UK 's cyber-crime reporting center , says it receives more than 350 reports of such scams a month .
After a few days she made contact with someone calling himself Marcelo from Manchester , an attractive Italian who was working in Turkey , with whom she had `` a rapport and similar values '' .
After about six weeks , Marcelo said he had been mugged in Turkey and was unable to pay his workers before returning to the UK , when he and Nancy were due to meet . He also said his son was in hospital and needed surgery .
Nancy said she was uncomfortable with the situation but ended up `` reluctantly '' sending 3,650 euros ( £3,160 ) .
`` It escalated unbelievably quickly , so straight away it was the medical fees , then it was money for food , money needed to pay rent , money for taxes to get out of Turkey .
`` That 's really frightening , and the other aspect is that somebody 's got inside your head , and they 've just brutalized you emotionally . In some ways I 'm not sure I 'll ever recover from that . ''
Philip Hunt , 58 , met a `` young and beautiful woman '' calling herself Rose via a website and paid out the money to help her come to the UK from Nigeria to start a new life with him .
But , within months , Mr Hunt , who suffered from depression and had two failed marriages , had `` insurmountable debts '' and took his own life near Hessle , East Yorkshire , in August , 2009 .
Eventually he became so hopelessly mired in debt that he committed suicide by lying down in front of a train .
Judith Lathlean , 68 , a university professor living in Hampshire , fell victim to a fraudster when she tried online dating in 2015 , using the website Parship .
She matched with a man calling himself John Porter from London , who said he was an interior designer . He said that he too was a Christian , and his profile emphasized honesty and trust .
But he contacted Ms Lathlean from what he said was a business trip in South Africa , claiming he had lost his passport and saying he would lose a contract as a result .
Weeks later , John got in touch to tell Ms Lathlean he had £15.5m trapped in a safe deposit box in Amsterdam . He asked her to go and release it , and she agreed .
Ms Lathlean estimates she lost a total of £140,000 through several scams by whoever John Porter was .
With the broad release of Google Assistant last week , the voice-assistant wars are in full swing , with Apple Inc , Amazon.com Inc , Microsoft Corp and now Alphabet Inc 's Google all offering electronic assistants to take your commands .
Siri is the oldest of the bunch , and researchers including Oren Etzioni , chief executive officer of the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence in Seattle , said Apple has squandered its lead when it comes to understanding speech and answering questions .
But there is at least one thing Siri can do that the other assistants can not : speak 21 languages localized for 36 countries , a very important capability in a smartphone market where most sales are outside the United States .
Microsoft Cortana , by contrast , has eight languages tailored for 13 countries . Google 's Assistant , which began in its Pixel phone but has moved to other Android devices , speaks four languages . Amazon 's Alexa features only English and German . Siri will even soon start to learn Shanghainese , a special dialect of Wu Chinese spoken only around Shanghai .
The language issue shows the type of hurdle that digital assistants still need to clear if they are to become ubiquitous tools for operating smartphones and other devices .
At Microsoft , an editorial team of 29 people works to customise Cortana for local markets . Google and Amazon said they plan to bring more languages to their assistants but declined to comment further .
At Apple , the company starts working on a new language by bringing in humans to read passages in a range of accents and dialects , which are then transcribed by hand so the computer has an exact representation of the spoken text to learn from , said Alex Acero , head of the speech team at Apple . Apple also captures a range of sounds in a variety of voices . From there , an acoustic model is built that tries to predict words sequences .
Then Apple deploys `` dictation mode , '' its text-to-speech translator , in the new language , Acero said . When customers use dictation mode , Apple captures a small percentage of the audio recordings and makes them anonymous . The recordings , complete with background noise and mumbled words , are transcribed by humans , a process that helps cut the speech recognition error rate in half .
After enough data has been gathered and a voice actor has been recorded to play Siri in a new language , Siri is released with answers to what Apple estimates will be the most common questions , Acero said . Once released , Siri learns more about what real-world users ask and is updated every two weeks with more tweaks .
But script-writing does not scale , said Charles Jolley , creator of an intelligent assistant named Ozlo . “ You ca n't hire enough writers to come up with the system you 'd need in every language . You have to synthesize the answers , ” he said . That is years off , he said .
The founders of Viv , a startup founded by Siri 's original creators that Samsung acquired last year , is working on just that .
`` Viv was built to specifically address the scaling issue for intelligent assistants , '' said Dag Kittlaus , the CEO and co-founder of Viv . `` The only way to leapfrog today 's limited functionality versions is to open the system up and let the world teach them . ''
For most people , Vincent Van Gogh 's The Starry Night or Hokusai 's The Great Wave off Kanagawa evoke famous paintings on display in museums or tucked away in private collections . For London-based makeup artist Stefania Atupe , they 're the direct inspirations for some of her best looks on Instagram . According to Mashable , Stefania got the idea to recreate some of her favorite works on her eyelids after playing around with animal-print eye makeup .
`` When I posted the peacock design onto twitter , a girl actually messaged me and said that it reminded her of a Van Gogh piece , and since I absolutely love Van Gogh I decided I would try out Starry Night , '' she told Mashable . `` I then just sat down and spent a good hour and a half just recreating the look , slowly outlining it and developing the colours ! ''
It 's hardly five-minute makeup , but the results were definitely worth all that time and painstaking effort . Stefania used a combination of Nyx eyeliners and Anastasia Beverly Hills eyeshadows to create the jaw-dropping looks . So far , she 's stuck to paintings by Van Gogh and Hokusai , but we already ca n't wait to see what she creates next . Check out her most recent examples below !
An Indian bride has walked out of her wedding after her bridegroom-to-be failed to solve a simple maths problem , according to police in Uttar Pradesh .
The bride asked the groom to add 15 and six . When he replied 17 , she called off the marriage .
Reports say the groom 's family tried to convince the bride to return , but she refused saying the man was illiterate .
Local police said they mediated between the families , and both sides returned all the gifts given before the wedding .
Most marriages in India are arranged by the families , and it is common for a bride and groom to get married without spending time in each other 's company .
A police official of Rasoolabad village where the incident happened told BBC Hindi that local resident Mohar Singh had fixed his daughter Lovely 's wedding to a man called Ram Baran .
`` But just before the marriage ceremony Lovely came to know that Ram Baran is illiterate and she refused to marry , '' he said .
Mohar Singh told the Associated Press news agency that the `` groom 's family had kept us in the dark about his poor education '' .
`` Even a first grader can answer this [ the maths test ] , '' he said .
Last month , another bride in Uttar Pradesh married a guest at her wedding after her groom-to-be had a seizure and collapsed .
Reports said the groom was epileptic and he had kept the information from the bride and her family .
Bananas are a wonderful source of potassium and are the perfect on-the-go snack .
The only downside to the fruit are those irritating leathery strands - which are actually called 'phloem bundles ' - that you get when you peel back a banana skin .
But while those stringy bits may not be the most palatable , they are in fact very important - and we would n't be able to eat bananas without them , according to Nicholas D. Gillitt , a US academic who shed some light on the mystery this week in a report by Huffington Post .
The clue as to why those strands are so important is in their name .
Phloem is one of two types of transport tissue that you can find in all plants , and moves nutrients and other substances around the whole plant .
In a banana , the phloem strands are therefore the reason why all the nutrients can reach the whole of the fruit - which allows it to grow into the fruit we know of .
Nicholas D. Gillitt , who is vice president of nutrition research and director at the Dole Nutrition Institute explained to Huffington Post : 'Phloem bundles are necessary for the adequate disposition of nutrients throughout the plant . '
The phloem bundles are completely edible and are just as nutritionally rich as the main part of the fruit , according to Dr Gillitt .
In fact , the strands probably contain a lot more fibre than the rest of the fruit , he says .
It is possible to genetically modify the fruit to prevent strands from forming - but Gillitt says there is little point dedicating funds to research this when companies can better invest in coming up with disease-resistant food or fruit with higher nutritional content .
Hunger Games star Jennifer Lawrence on Tuesday topped a Forbes magazine list of the world ’ s highest-paid actress for the second straight year , earning some $ 46 million , followed by Melissa McCarthy .
Lawrence , 26 , took the top spot largely through a slice of the profits from the final movie in the Hunger Games franchise , as well as a big upfront fee for her forthcoming space adventure movie Passengers , Forbes said .
Lawrence ’ s 2016 earnings dropped 11.5 percent from her 2015 total of $ 52 million . Forbes will release its list of the world ’ s highest-paid actors on Thursday . Last year Robert Downey Jr. topped the list with an estimated $ 80 million .
McCarthy took home $ 33 million in earnings , up $ 10 million from 2015 .
Scarlett Johansson of Captain America : Civil War was third at $ 25 million , down nearly 30 percent from 2015 .
Together , the world ’ s 10 highest-paid actresses tallied a combined $ 205 million between June 1 , 2015 and June 1 , 2016 , before management fees and taxes , Forbes said .
The estimates include earnings from movies , TV and endorsements from cosmetic and other companies . Bollywood star Deepika Padukone is the only newcomer on the list .
The rest of the top 10 2016 highest-paid actresses are :
4 . Jennifer Aniston - $ 21 million
5 . Fan Bingbing - $ 17 million
6 . Charlize Theron - $ 16.5 million
7 . Amy Adams - $ 13.5 million
8 . Julia Roberts - $ 12 million
9 . Mila Kunis - $ 11 million
10 . Deepika Padukone - $ 10 million
Career progression , festivals and spinning classes : Bridget Jones tackles the standard activities undertaken by a single woman in London in the first trailer for forthcoming Bridget Jones ’ s Baby .
As well as that , Ed Sheeran appears , only to turn her down , and we finally find out more about her mysterious relationship with Mark Darcey 's love rival , Jack Qwant ( Patrick Dempsey ) : it involves mud , heels and a white cashmere jumper .
The trailer shows how Bridget deals with encounters with her ex ( Colin Firth ) with alcohol-fuelled elan , and what happens when her colleagues find out she 's pregnant .
But the real scene stealer is Emma Thompson - previously unmentioned on the cast list - as Bridget 's doctor . Bad news is , you 'll have to watch the whole trailer before you get to witness Thompson .
A sequel to the much-loved 2001 rom-com Bridget Jones 's Diary ( and its significantly less well-loved 2004 follow-up Bridget Jones : The Edge of Reason ) , the new film will see Renée Zellweger reprise her role as the titular heroine , after a 12 year break .
In the new film , Bridget is unsure whether the father of her baby is longterm love turned ex Mark Darcy or newcomer Qwant .
The final reveal is apparently a big secret – three different endings have been shot , to prevent even the cast of the film from knowing the truth .
“ It ’ s kind of brilliant , ” Zellweger said earlier this year . “ None of the cast knows who fathered Bridget ’ s baby or who she ’ ll choose as her beau . The plan is to keep us all in the dark , right up to the premiere . ”
The film , released this September , is directed by Sharon Maguire ( who also directed the first movie ) and is based on columns written by Bridget Jones author Helen Fielding for The Independent between 2005 and 2006 .
Fielding 's third , most recent `` Bridget '' novel , 2013 's Mad About The Boy ( in which a 51-year-old Bridget begins dating again four year 's after Mark Darcy 's death ) has not been used as inspiration for the film .
A college in north-west China has come under fire for asking female students to sign a chastity pledge as part of a course .
The college , in the city of Xian in Shaanxi province , uses the `` commitment card '' during a course called No Regrets Youth class , according to the China Economic Daily website . A photo of the card has been widely shared on Chinese social media . `` I promise to myself , my family , my friends and my future spouse and children that I will refuse all kinds of premarital intercourse before I step into a lifelong monogamous marriage , '' it reads , with space underneath for students to sign their names . It also includes a pledge to avoid infidelity once married . While abstinence pledges have existed in US colleges since the mid-1990s , they 're very rare in China .
While there have been complaints from students at the college itself - which is n't named in the report - there has been a huge online response , with many social media users criticising the college for using an `` outdated '' approach . `` It 's hard to imagine that this would brazenly appear at a college in the 21st Century , '' writes one person on the Sina Weibo microblog site .
`` Whether or not to have premarital sex is for adults to choose as they please , '' says another user . `` Why should anybody promise ? For a university to do this is really unsettling . ''
Others seem to have no problem with the pledge itself , but object to the fact that male students are n't required to sign it . `` This is a simply wonderful provision , but why does it not include boys ? '' asks one person . Another says : `` Men should sign - is n't this sexist ? ''
A teacher at the college tells the paper that he did n't expect such strong online backlash , and says that the card was introduced with students ' best interests in mind .
A 400-pound gorilla named Harambe who was shot dead by Cincinnati Zoo officials just one day after his 17th birthday has sparked an outcry of emotion as mourners called it a 'senseless death ' .
Many are placing the blame squarely on the parents of a four-year-old boy , who investigators believe crawled through a railing barrier and fell into the gorilla exhibit 's moat before he was dragged by Harambe in the water for about 10 minutes .
The small child said he wanted to get in the water before the incident , to which the mother , who was also watching several other children , replied : 'No , you 're not , no , you 're not , ' according to one witness Kim O'Connor .
The zoo 's animal response team assessed the 'life-threatening situation ' and defended their decision to shoot Harambe rather than tranquilize him , but thousands took to social media to call it a 'murder ' .
O'Connor told WLWT she heard the boy talking about getting into the water before she heard a splash , followed by frantic yelling once onlookers realized he was inside the enclosure .
A video emerged on Saturday revealing some of the chilling moments Harambe was dragging the boy in the water , although more graphic portions were cut from the footage .
According to O'Connor , the gorilla looked like he was trying to protect the boy from panicked bystanders who may have aggravated the tense situation .
She said : 'I do n't know if the screaming did it or too many people hanging on the edge , if he thought we were coming in , but then he pulled the boy down away further from the big group . '
Director Thane Maynard supported the zoo 's dangerous animal response team for their decision to put down the gorilla .
'They made a tough choice and they made the right choice because they saved that little boy 's life , ' Maynard said .
But outraged animal lovers took to social media declaring the western lowland gorilla 's life was unnecessarily taken , and more than 1,000 have already joined the Facebook group Justice for Harambe .
One Twitter user wrote : 'So a beautiful , innocent gorilla has to die because neglectful parents ca n't control their kids ? Mankind sucks : ( # Harambe # CincinnatiZoo '
Another user Chris Dasauchoit tweeted : 'Beautiful animals sadly paying for utter human stupidity and negligence with their lives . # Harame # CincinnatiZoo . '
According to Maynard , the gorilla did not appear to be attacking the child , but he called it 'an extremely strong ' animal in an agitated situation .
Maynard explained that tranquilizing the gorilla would not have knocked it out immediately , leaving the boy in danger .
The child was taken to Cincinnati Children 's Hospital Medical Center with serious but 'non-life threatening ' injuries following the incident , which was reported around 4pm .
Zoo director Maynard noted it was the first time the team had killed a zoo animal in such an emergency situation , and he called it 'a very sad day ' at the zoo .
He said in a statement : 'The Zoo security team 's quick response saved the child 's life .
'We are all devastated that this tragic accident resulted in the death of a critically-endangered gorilla . This is a huge loss for the Zoo family and the gorilla population worldwide . '
Jerry Stones , who raised the gorilla , said he was devastated by the news .
'He grew up to be a pretty , beautiful male . He was very intelligent . His mind was going constantly . He was just such a sharp character . '
The more he eats , the more he likes you , according to researchers .
A recent study discovered that men will eat more food when they dine with their female counterparts , as a way of showing off , than when they are with other men .
The study was conducted over a two-week period while researchers observed 150 adults eating lunch at an all-you-can-eat Italian buffet .
Researchers from Cornell University , who collaborated with Cornell ’ s Food and Brand Lab for the study , took note of the number of pizza slices and how many bowls of salad each subject consumed .
Men who were coupled up with a female , packed their plates with pizza and left the buffet line with their bowls overflowing with salad , eating 93 percent more slices and 86 percent more greens than men who ate with just other men .
‘ These findings suggest that men tend to overeat to show off – you can also see this tendency in eating competitions which almost always have mostly male participants , ’ explains lead author Kevin Kniffin , PhD , of Cornell University in a recent press release .
When the diners got up to leave , the researchers stepped in to ask if they would complete a short survey indicating their level of fullness after eating , and their feelings of hurriedness and comfort while eating .
By overconsuming food men unconsciously may be signaling their biological fitness , a paradoxical tactic in this case given that ‘ overeating constantly is going to produce a body shape research shows tends to be viewed as unattractive , ’ Kniffin explained .
However , these findings fit with other examples of self-handicap behaviour , where in this case men are showing off their fitness through excessive eating .
Kiffiin said there is a lesson to take away from the study .
‘ These findings are clear that people should calm down when eating with members of the opposite sex . ’
Men seem to be eating more , and women feel like they overate . ’
If you work to live rather than the other way around , a jaunt across the Channel could be a wise career move .
French people worked the fewest hours last year , with staffers in Paris clocking up 1,604 hours in 2015 followed by Lyonnaise employees with 1,631 hours , according to a survey by UBS .
Spread out across the entire year , that means Parisians worked an average of 30 hours and 50 minutes every week , slightly less than the 31 hours and 22 minutes worked in Lyon .
France is currently in the process of banning out-of-hours emails by requiring companies to give staff a set of guidelines that include evening and weekend hours when they should not read or send work-related emails .
A recent report from the Chartered Management Institute ( CMI ) found that the majority of UK managers spend 29 extra days a year working on handheld devices outside of office hours , more than cancelling out their full holiday allotment for the year .
Of the 71 cities included in the UBS survey – which measures the average annual working hours , including paid vacation and bank holidays , using a basket of 14 professions – European locations account for the top 18 cities that work the fewest hours each year .
London ranks 17th , with its residents toiling away for 1,740 hours last year , or around 33 and a half hours per week .
As the average city on the index has a working week of 36 hours and 23 minutes , London works 8pc less than the global norm , according to analysis by the business supplier marketplace Expert Market .
Residents of New York , Beijing and Tokyo are more attached to their jobs , working for 35.5 hours , 37.7 hours and 39.5 hours respectively each week .
But the busiest bees are in Hong Kong , where the work week stretches to just over 50 hours , meaning Hong Kongers are working for 38pc longer than the global average , 50pc more than Londoners and 62pc longer than Parisians .
These findings come amid intensifying demand for fewer hours cooped up in the office and the adoption of more flexible working policies as developments in technology mean that many jobs can be done from almost anywhere in the world .
A recent study found that six out of 10 bosses believe that cutting employees ' work days from eight to six hours could be beneficial for business .
However , choosing the best city for work-life balance depends whether you prefer to free up more time each week or have more holiday each year .
While Parisians work the fewest hours each week , the Bahrain capital of Manama offers the most annual leave , giving its residents 34 days out of the office every year .
Londoners are entitled to 25 days of paid holiday , two days more than the global average of 23 days , UBS found .
Hard-working Hong Kongers take 17.2 days of paid leave a year , although workers on Chinese mainland have it worse . Shanghai ranks lowest on the index with just seven days off each year , trailed by Bangkok with 9 days and Beijing with 10 days .
International Women 's Day , originally called International Working Women 's Day , is celebrated on March 8 every year . The festival sets out to show respect , appreciation and love towards women for their economic , political and social achievements in modern society .
During the past year , quite a few female celebrities have made significant achievements in their fields . Their persistence , enthusiasm and encouragement has led more females to pursue their own goals regardless of outside factors .
There is a saying in China that goes : `` Women hold up half the sky '' . Now , let 's look at the lives of eight prominent sky-holders .
1.China 's Women 's Volleyball Team
Profession : Sportswomen
Key word : Persistence
Achievement : After a 12-year wait , China 's Women 's Volleyball Team re-gained its spot on top of dais , winning gold at the 2016 Summer Olympics . The team are now regarded as national heroes , proudly carrying the flag of China 's Olympic glory that first flew 30 years ago .
Quote : `` We are a team , we never gave up and united as one to overcome difficulties . I believe this spirit can shine through in all walks of life . '' — Lang Ping , coach of China 's Women 's Volleyball Team
Chinese are the world ’ s most optimistic people about the future of their country , says the monthly survey , “ What Worries the World - July 2017 , ” released by the global market research and consulting firm , Ipsos , on August 6 , Guancha.cn reported .
The report shows that 87 percent of Chinese interviewed think that their country is going in the right direction , being the highest among all adults under aged 65 surveyed in 26 countries , including Australia , Canada , France , Britain , Germany , India , Japan , Russia , the US and South Korea .
US media , Axios , said economic giants , China and the US are gradually becoming geopolitical rivals . Chinese are more confident about the future of their country , while most Americans are worried that their country is going downhill .
Unemployment ( 36 percent ) , political corruption ( 34 percent ) and Wealth inequality ( 33 percent ) , are the three major worries for global citizens since 2010 .
Chinese participants in the survey worry most about moral decline ( 47 percent ) , threats to the environment ( 40 percent ) and unemployment ( 31 percent ) ; while healthcare , terrorism as well as crime and violence , are the top three worries for Americans , the report noted .
In addition , the report pointed out that nearly 43 percent of Americans surveyed are optimistic about their country in July 2017 , down 4 percent from the previous month , but much higher than during the presidential election in October 2016 .
From now on , when you get the munchies for a delicious street food snack , you ’ ll no longer have to choose between a hamburger and a hotdog , because you can have both in the same bun . Introducing the Hamdog , probably the craziest fast food hybrid ever .
Mark Murray , of Perth , Australia , came up with the idea for the Hamdog in 2004 , and by 2009 , he had already obtained a patent for the uniquely-shaped bun of the treat . Last year , he appeared on Channel 10 ’ s Shark Tank show to pitch his idea to potential investors and secure enough funding to get his fast food business off the ground . The judges were not impressed , and even laughed when he described eating the Hamdog as “ a party in your mouth ” . But Murray didn ’ t let the experience bring him down , and one year later , he ’ s selling Hamdogs in his home city and wants to expand nationally .
“ Everyone told me it wasn ’ t possible , because you ’ d need a patent lawyer and it would cost millions of dollars , ” Murray told News.com.au . Even [ Boost Juice founder and Shark Tank judge ] Janine Allis told me that it was impossible to patent . She ’ ll be eating her words now. ” The ambitious entrepreneur has been operating a Hamdog marquee in Perth for about two months now , and is currently looking for people willing to invest $ 10,000 to become Hamdog resellers and open marquees of their own across Australia .
The Hamdog consists of a patented bun , a Bunbury beef patty cut in half to accommodate a Hunsa frankfurt in the middle , lettuce , tomato , cheese , pickles and three sauces – American mustard , tomato sauce and mayonnaise . “ We use all local ingredients . The only thing that ’ s not from WA are the pickles , ” Mark Murray said .
So far the Hamdog marquee has made appearances at events such as local markets , shows , races in Perth , and Murray said the feedback has been overwhelmingly positive . “ We launched our marquee two months ago and we had people come from everywhere just to experience the Hamdog . At one stage the crew were knocking out about one every 15 seconds . It was amazing , ” he told reporters .
The only thing that ’ s sort of giving Murray headaches right now is the production of the unique Hamdog bun . Because of its peculiar shape , it has to be hand made at a Perth bakery . “ At the moment there is a fair bit of labor involved in making the buns because they ’ re made by people , not machines , ” he said . “ We ’ re still developing a way to semi automate production . ”
For now , though , Murray is focusing his efforts on promoting the Hamdog and attracting potential resellers . Once that ’ s done with , he wants to work on diversifying the menu . “ We ’ ve had requests of all sorts for gluten free , vegan and vegetarian Hamdogs . Once the product is out there and that process is sorted , we ’ ll start experimenting , ” he said .
Some ambitious office workers will stop at nothing to get ahead .
And the use of email has provided an entire new box of dirty tricks for employees hoping to climb the career ladder .
Pushy office workers keen to impress bosses are increasingly using ‘ ego mail ’ as a way to get ahead of their colleagues .
And it seems men are the worst offenders .
Showing off – or showing a colleague up - by copying management into an email thread is becoming more common , according to a study from a Cambridge scholar .
Professor David De Cremer , of Cambridge University ’ s Judge Business School , found that workers who regularly CC , or ‘ carbon copy , ’ their boss into email replies do so to unsettle their co-workers .
‘ This finding suggests that when your co-workers copy your supervisor very often , they may be doing so strategically , as they consciously know what the effect will be on you , ’ he wrote in the Harvard Business Review .
Men who ‘ have no shame ’ are far more likely to engage these underhand tactics than women , according to Professor Tom Jackson of Loughborough University .
‘ Anecdotally from our research I would say that males are much more focused on doing this . Females might know how to do it but maybe stop short of actually doing it .
‘ Males have no shame - they just go ahead and do it , ’ he said .
The method does seem to work , he added , because managers often remember pushier employees when promoting members of staff .
The ego email tactics could mean that women are missing out on promotions that are instead handed to male colleagues less embarrassed about using messages to show off .
Some office workers go out of their way to email bosses at anti-social hours to show their commitment to the job . The study found that many would schedule messages to be sent to management late at night or early in the morning to make it appear they are working even when they are not .
This sort of behaviour could increase illness and stress in the workplace , according to experts .
David D ’ Souza , of human resources organisation the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development , said ego emailing was a sign of an unhealthy working environment in which employees were ‘ fearful ’ for their jobs .
‘ It ’ s very important for organisations to make their decisions based on competence , not levels of self-promotion , ’ he warned .
Prince Harry has said he wants to settle down and have children but is waiting to find the right woman who will be `` next to me to share the pressure '' .
Speaking on the remote Stewart Island off the coast of New Zealand , the prince said he missed the coverage of the birth of Princess Charlotte because he was on duty with the Australian military but was looking forward to meeting her and holding her .
Discussing his own marital plans in an interview with Sky News , he said : `` There come times when you think now is the time to settle down , or now is not , whatever way it is , but I do n't think you can force these things it will happen when it 's going to happen . Of course , I would love to have kids right now , but there 's a process that one has to go through and tours like this are great fun . ''
The prince added : `` Hopefully I 'm doing all right by myself . It would be great to have someone else next to me to share the pressure . But , you know , time will come and whatever happens , happens . '' Prince Harry has just completed a month-long secondment with the Australian military and is touring New Zealand before returning to Britain to complete his active military career .
He said that he has not decided what he will do when he leaves but would like to earn a wage . `` It is a cross roads . I 'm in the same position now as other people in my year group , or my rank would be in , '' he said .
Jack and Rose 's smooch on the front deck of the Titanic is the best movie kiss of all-time , according to new research .
The tender moment between Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio 's characters takes place seconds after Rose utters the infamous line , 'I 'm flying ' as Rose perches with her arms outstretched on the bow of the ship as Jack holds her tight .
The scene from the Oscar-winning blockbuster fought off competition from Lady and the Tramp 's canine canoodle over spaghetti and the kiss between Sam and Molly in Ghost .
Han Solo and Princess Leia 's embrace in Star Wars Episode V : The Empire Strikes Back also featured in the top 50 greatest movie kisses .
A spokesman for TLC , who conducted the research of 2,000 UK adults , said : 'Kisses are such a big part of movies so it 's fascinating to see which ones have had the biggest impact .
Pretty Woman 's fire escape kiss came fourth , followed by the snog at the end of Dirty Dancing - and Bridget and Mark 's kiss in the snow in Bridget Jones 's Diary .
Spiderman 's upside down smooch came seventh while the rain-soaked embrace between Holly Golightly and Paul Varjak in Breakfast at Tiffany 's came eighth .
Bella and Edward 's first kiss in Twilight also appeared in the top 50 , along with the 'you had me at hello ' moment from Jerry Maguire and the elevator kiss in Romeo + Juliet .
The scene where Ron and Hermione 's finally kiss in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows featured too .
While Rhett Butler and Scarlett O'Hara 's embrace in Gone with the Wind after he says the words 'you need kissing badly ' came ninth .
Thirty percent of Brits said romantic films are their favourite type of movie to watch on a date – however over a quarter said they would feel awkward watching one on a first date .
Almost half of respondents think movie kisses are realistic and three in 10 said onscreen romance has influenced how they go about their love life .
A fifth of people reckon watching a film with a date which features a smooch or two , improves their chances of sharing a kiss at the end of the night .
Forty six percent of respondents think it 's possible to fall in love from the first kiss , while seven in 10 think first impressions count when comes to kissing .
1 . Titanic ( kiss on the front deck of the Titanic )
2 . Lady and the Tramp ( kiss at the restaurant )
3 . Ghost ( Sam kisses Molly before he passes over )
4 . Pretty Woman ( on the fire escape )
5 . Dirty Dancing ( kiss at the end )
6 . Bridget Jones 's Diary ( Bridget kissed Mark in the snow )
7 . Spider Man ( when Mary Jane kisses Peter Parker upside down on the roof )
8 . Breakfast at Tiffany 's ( kiss in the rain at the end )
9 . Gone With the Wind ( when Rhett Butler kisses Scarlett O'Hara and says 'You need kissing badly ' )
10 . Star Wars Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back ( Han Solo and Princess Leia 's kiss )
11 . The Notebook ( kiss in the rain )
12 . An Officer and a Gentleman ( kiss between Richard Gere and Debra Winger )
13 . Shrek ( kiss between Shrek and Princess Fiona which sees her turn into an all-ogre )
14 . Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows ( Ron and Hermione finally kiss )
15 . Love Actually ( Hugh Grant and Martine McCutcheon )
16 . Casablanca ( Ilsa asks Rick Blaine to 'Kiss me as if it were the last time ' )
17 . Romeo + Juliet ( kiss in the elevator )
18 . E.T . The Extra-Terrestrial ( telepathic link between E.T . and Elliott causes the latter to recreate the classic kissing scene from The Quiet Man ( which E.T . is watching at home ) in the classroom )
19 . It 's a Wonderful Life ( kiss between George Bailey and Mary )
20 . Pride and Prejudice ( Elizabeth and Darcy kiss at the end )
21 . Twilight ( Edward and Bella 's first kiss in her bedroom )
22 . 50 Shades of Grey ( Christian and Anna 's kiss in the elevator )
23 . Raiders of the Lost Ark ( with injured Indy not wanting Marion to tend to his wounds , she starts kissing the places that do n't hurt - including his lips )
24 . Top Gun ( Maverick and Charlie love scene )
25 . Love Actually ( Keira Knightley and Andrew Lincoln )
26 . From Here To Eternity ( kiss between Milton Warden and Karen Holmes on the beach )
27 . From Russia With Love ( James Bond and Tatiana Romanova 's kiss )
28 . My Girl ( first kiss )
29 . The Princess Bride ( when Buttercup realised Wesley was n't dead )
30 . Never Been Kissed ( kiss on the baseball stadium )
31 . Back To The Future ( kiss between George McFly and Lorraine Baines at the end of the movie )
32 . Rocky ( kiss between Rocky Balboa and Adrian Pennino )
33 . Cruel Intentions ( Kathryn kisses Cecile on the lawn )
34 . Princess Diaries ( kiss in the garden at the end )
35 . Brokeback Mountain ( kiss on the mountain )
36 . When Harry Met Sally ... ( Billy Crystal and Meg Ryan 's kiss at the end )
37 . From Here to Eternity ( kiss on the beach )
38 . Breakfast Club ( when Claire kissed John at in the parking lot )
39 . The Goonies ( Mikey Walsh and Andy Carmichael 's accidental kiss in the dark )
40 . SPECTRE ( Daniel Craig and Monigca Bellucci 's kiss )
41 . Jerry Maguire ( 'You had me at hello ' kiss )
42 . Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade ( Indiana Jones and Alison Doody 's kiss )
43 . The Quiet Man ( kiss in the rain )
44 . Amelie ( Amelie and Nino Quincampoix exchange playful kisses )
45 . The Godfather Part II ( kiss of death between Michael and Fredo Corleone )
46 . To Catch A Thief ( kiss between Conrad Burns and Frances Stevens
47 . The Fault in Our Stars ( first kiss )
48 . Atonement ( Keira Knightley and James McAvoy 's kiss )
49 . Clueless ( Paul Rudd and Alicia Silverstone 's kiss )
50 . Lost In Translation ( kiss between Bob Harris and Charlotte )
A review of our work in 2016
The economy has registered a slower but stable performance with good momentum for growth .
GDP reached 74.4 trillion yuan , representing 6.7-percent growth .
The CPI rose by 2 percent .
With an 8.5-percent increase in profits , industrial enterprises reversed the previous year 's negative growth of 2.3 percent .
Employment growth exceeded projections .
A total of 13.14 million new urban jobs were added .
The registered urban unemployment rate stood at 4.02 percent at year-end 2016 , the lowest level in years .
Initial success was achieved in supply-side structural reform .
The value created by the service sector rose to 51.6 percent of GDP .
People were busy launching businesses or making innovations .
Personal per capita disposable income increased by 6.3 percent in real terms .
The number of people living in poverty in rural areas was reduced by 12.4 million .
Overseas trips exceeded 120 million .
The M2 money supply increased by 11.3 percent , below our projected target of around 13 percent .
We took further steps to implement the Internet Plus action plan and the national big data strategy .
A 9.1-percent drop in the annual average density of fine particulate matter ( PM2.5 ) was seen in 74 major cities .
What the government will do in 2017
Key projected targets for development this year :
GDP growth of around 6.5 percent , or higher if possible in practice .
CPI increase kept around 3 percent .
Over 11 million new urban jobs , and a registered urban unemployment rate within 4.5 percent .
We will continue to pursue a proactive fiscal policy and a prudent monetary policy .
Major areas of work for 2017
Pushing ahead with the five priority tasks through reform
Take solid and effective steps to cut overcapacity
Take targeted policies to cut excess urban real estate inventory
Carry out deleveraging in an active and prudent way .
Take multiple measures to cut costs .
Take targeted and powerful measures to strengthen areas of weakness .
Deepening reform in major sectors and key links
We will continue to transform government function .
We will continue to reform fiscal and tax systems .
We will advance reforms in the financial sector .
We will speed up the reform of SOEs and state capital .
We will do more to energize the non-public sector .
We will improve the property rights protection system .
We will make a big push for progress in the reform of the social system .
We will deepen institutional reform to build a sound ecological environment .
Doing more to unleash the potential of domestic demand
We will promote a steady increase in consumer spending .
We will work proactively to expand effective investment .
We will improve planning for regional development .
We will take solid steps to pursue a new type of urbanization .
Transforming and upgrading the real economy through innovation
We will strengthen our capability for making technological innovations .
We will accelerate the development of emerging industries .
We will endeavor to transform and upgrade traditional industries .
We will continue to encourage people to start businesses and make innovations .
We will take comprehensive steps to improve product quality .
Promote steady development of agriculture and continued increases in rural incomes
We will push forward with structural adjustment in agriculture .
We will boost the development of modern agriculture .
We will deepen rural reform .
We will step up the development of public facilities in rural areas .
Actively expanding China 's opening up to the world
We will make solid efforts to pursue the Belt and Road Initiative .
We will ensure that foreign trade continues to pick up and register steady growth .
We will make big moves to improve the environment for foreign investors .
We will promote the liberalization and facilitation of international trade and investment .
Effectively strengthening environmental protection
We will make our skies blue again .
We will strengthen the prevention and control of water and soil pollution .
We will move forward with ecological conservation and improvement .
Promoting social development to ensure and improve the wellbeing of our people
We will strive to boost employment and business startups .
We will work to ensure that our people have access to equitable and quality education .
We will make continued progress in building a Healthy China .
We will weave a strong safety net to ensure people 's wellbeing .
We will develop cultural programs and industries .
We will explore new forms of social governance .
We will ensure workplace safety and people 's lives .
Strengthening the all-around improvement of government
We will continue to work to see that government functions are fully carried out in accordance with law .
We will maintain ethical conduct and moral integrity at all times .
We will perform with a strong work ethic , sense of responsibility , and enterprising spirit .
A photo of Michelle Obama rockin ’ her hair natural popped up on Twitter this week , unleashing lots of applause — and shrugs from people who don ’ t understand why anyone wants to talk about her hair .
The chatter started with this tweet .
— gif sommelier ( @ meagnacarta ) 2017.4.2
“ That picture is recent ! ” Obama ’ s hair stylist , Johnny Wright , confirms to Refinery 29 ’ s Khalea Underwood .
“ She just got back from vacation , I think , on Friday . I ’ m not sure if it was her going to the airport or coming back . But that is her , and it is recent . ”
Wright , who did not join FLOTUS on her getaway , said her hair was blown straight before she left .
“ I guess she got in the water or something , and she didn ’ t feel like straightening it herself , ” he said . “ People want a more sexy answer , but that ’ s really what it is . I ’ m not with her . ”
The photo was breaking news in style circles . People couldn ’ t easily recall the last time they saw Obama wearing her hair natural — or whether she ever had while she was in the White House .
“ Throughout the eight years of her husband ’ s presidency , Michelle Obama wore her hair relaxed , straightened and blown out as First Lady , ” Elle magazine pointed out .
“ We ’ ve seen her sport the pin-straight lob , the pulled-back updos and wavy tresses , but we ’ ve never seen her hair in its natural state . ”
Seeing her hair natural , Underwood argues , is important at a time when workplaces ban dreadlocks and black women are often mocked for their hair . She and others responded to the photo with discussions , many based on personal experiences , about why black women often feel they have to wear their hair a certain way to be respected .
Others , though , are angry that this conversation is even happening at all .
Wow @ thismorning 's US gossip guy talking about Michelle Obama 's hair
When will MSM learn to NOT comment on Black Women 's hair
After that photo surfaced , Danielle DeCourcey , a staff writer at ATTN : , did a Google image search of “ unprofessional hair , ” and most of the photos that popped up were of black women with natural hairstyles .
When she Googled “ professional hairstyles , ” the overwhelming results were photos of white women with straight hair .
“ I do think that a woman of her complexion , with her figure and her hair texture , has given a whole lot of other women a chance to look in the mirror and say ‘ I am beautiful , too ’ because I have somebody representing me , ” Wright said .
“ Her husband was the leader of the US . She represented this country very well , and her platform was pure and from the heart . Having this conversation about her hair texture is totally justifiable . ”
Wright said Obama ’ s hair has been natural the last seven years — “ I stopped doing her relaxer the first year of the administration ” — and she ’ s always embraced it .
She simply preferred wearing it straight , he said , and that had nothing to do with her trying to avoid the curls , or criticism .
We have gathered together a list of the most unfortunate names , from the USA and Canada to Singapore and South Africa .
As you read you might wonder how any parents were gullible enough to curse their child with such outrageous titles - or you might admire their audacity ...
Customers in this taxi are warned to watch their step , but they should also take care not to snigger for fear of offending the driver .
This boy , from Singapore , combined the names of two superheroes in his rather unusual moniker
If you are a politician standing for election , having the surname 'Loser ' does not stand you in particularly good stead .
Stark County Sheriff must have checked twice that they had not made a mistake over identification when they arrested Donald Duck .
With the names Shakespeare Mozart and Armstrong , this little boy is clearly the subject of some rather high expectations .
There was great controversy as to the cause of the crash , which was investigated by two separate agencies independent of each other . The United States ' National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) made a conclusion from its interpretation of the absent black box data , that the crash was the result of deliberate flight control inputs , most likely by the captain . However , the Indonesian National Transportation Safety Committee ( NTSC ) stated in its report that it could not determine a cause of the crash due to inconclusive evidence .
The cause of the crash was traced to the captain 's deliberate engaging of the number 2 and 3 engines ' thrust-reversers in flight . The first officer and flight engineer worked to restrain him and regain control . Despite their best efforts , the DC-8 's descent could not be completely checked , and it touched down in shallow water 300 meters ( 980 ft ) short of the runway .
Captain Seiji Katagiri , one of the first people to take a rescue boat , reportedly told rescuers that he was an office worker , to avoid being identified as the captain . Katagiri was later found to be suffering from a mental illness prior to the incident , which resulted in a decision that he was not guilty by reason of insanity .
The plane 's altitude was changed three times from 38,000 feet ( 11,582 m ) to 592 feet ( 180 m ) , the latter being below ground level , and the speed was manually adjusted as well . The cockpit voice recorder captured several alarms going off during the descent , as well as repeated loud bangs on the door from the co-pilot , who was locked out of the cockpit .
You hear it said often — that true beauty is ageless — but you do n't see much evidence of the idea in popular culture , where the beauty ideal skews to the young , and the even younger .
While Vogue magazine has its annual age issue , which highlights accomplished ( usually gorgeous ) women of various ages , that 's only once a year . And if you count the images , including advertising , there are precious few with anyone over 50 in them . But for British Vogue 's 100th anniversary , the magazine features Bo Gilbert , a model who is as old as it is .
It 's not surprising that this campaign comes from the UK , where ordinary looks , less makeup and older visages are more common on television and films made there . The campaign is made by Harvey Nicks , a well-known British luxury department store .
Gilbert lives in an assisted-living facility in England , and for her shoot she wore bespoke Valentino glasses , a blouse by Victoria Beckham and The Row pants over a Dris Van Noten coat , with shoes by Celine and a necklace by Lanvin .
The video is really sweet , with fashion recollections by Gilbert . Of course she mentions hats and how fun they were to wear , as well as the first time she saw a woman in a pantsuit , which she said `` really caught my eye . '' She says she has always dressed nicely , even if she was n't going out that day and nobody would see her .
Over the past few years , as women have gained more power in both media and Hollywood , beauty standards are very , very slowly changing . We 're now seeing some of our favorite actresses keep making movies into their 40s and 50s , even if there are n't that many roles for them ; it 's just another sign that there is still a long way to go . The attention that elderly fashion icons like Iris Apfel ( I highly recommend her documentary , `` Iris , '' on Netflix ) , and the women of the Advanced Style blog ( here 's another model who is 100 ) , proves there 's interest in the fashion community — and outside it — for something beyond the next bright young thing .
`` I do things that I think a lot of people would n't do at my age , '' says Gilbert , in the video above .
That 's definitely interesting , and inspiring , as we all grow older .
The 21-year-old swimmer sent shockwaves around the world when he won the 100m butterfly in stunning style last Saturday , leaving event mainstays Michael Phelps , Chad le Clos and Laszlo Cseh in the dust of his new Olympic record of 50.39s .
When the young athlete arrived , the crowd chanted his name , held banners aloft and called out `` majulah '' , Malay for `` onward '' , and part of the title of Singapore ’ s national anthem . Mr . Schooling spent around an hour taking selfies with fans and signing autographs .
The lack of adequate shooting facilities at the National Sports Training Centre has been one major obstacle in his path . The deafening silence is worse . An ammo shortage has meant that most of the national shooters can only work on their posture and aiming drills without actually firing bullets at the target board .
Vinh acknowledged that he had planned to leave his career after his bitter failure at the 2012 London Olympics . His failures were mainly attributed to his instability of focusing mind in decisive , intense situations . To overcome that psychological shortcoming , he , for one year , practiced only one simple posture over and over — standing still , making no single moves , saying no single words for two consecutive hours . ( Xinhua )
`` I never imagined in my wildest dreams that this would happen , '' Puig added — and she said her experience in Rio de Janeiro has been like a dream . She 's looking forward , she said , to waking up tomorrow morning and seeing her gold medal sitting on her bedside table.（NPR）
Cheers , tears and beers as first ever Games victory for Pacific nation sparks euphoria – with dancing in streets , work forgotten and schoolwork abandoned .
`` Rugby is the only thing that stops this nation , it ’ s our religion , it is what brings us together , we play with our hearts , '' said Lakai . ( The Guardian )
Born in Peć , a city in western Kosovo , the judo champion is among the first athletes to compete in the name of the disputed territory , which was recognized as a sovereign state by the International Olympics Committee ( IOC ) only two years ago having declared independence from Serbia in 2008 .
Serbia has advised its athletes competing at the Rio Olympics to withdraw from any medal award ceremonies if they have to share the podium with athletes from breakaway Kosovo .
According to Harley Street 's Dr De Silva , Scarlett Johansson , 32 , tops the list with her distinctive heart or V-shaped chin , and Angelina Jolie , 41 , with her smooth jawline , comes in second place .
Dr De Silva , from the Centre for Advanced Facial Cosmetic and Plastic Surgery in West London , also notes that celebrity-inspired 'chinplants ' are the fastest growing plastic surgery trend in the UK .
Here , he reveals the eight most desirable chin shapes , so which one are you ?
1 . Heart-shaped/V-shaped chin - Scarlett Johanson
This is the shape desired most of all by women when seeking changes to the shape of their chin .
Dr Julian De Silva said : 'This slightly V-shaped or heart-shaped chin is the most desirable . You can see its shape very clearly in Scarlett Johansson 's beautiful face . '
2 . Square chin - Angelina Jolie
This type of chin is also considered to be beautiful and striking . Completely square at the bottom , it suits both sexes .
Dr De Silva said : 'This is the Gold Standard of chins and the one I am most often asked to replicate along with the V-shaped chin like Scarlett 's .
'Angelina has a beautifully proportioned square chin and a profile that many woman desire . Her face is completely free from blemishes or wrinkles , too - remarkable in a woman of 41 . '
3 . Protruding chin - Reese Witherspoon
This is a chin which juts forwards slightly and therefore is particularly noticeable . The most famous example for a male is the late football pundit Jimmy Hill or the American TV host Jay Leno but a more subtle example on a female is the Hollywood actress Reese Witherspoon .
Dr De Silva said : 'A more prominent chin is generally a facial characteristic that is less flattering - however , it can add more character and personality to a person 's face . '
4 . Dimpled chin - Christina Hendricks
This is a chin with a slight kink in the middle . The most famous example for a male would be the actor John Travolta but there are lots of female stars with slightly less pronounced chin dimples such as Christina Hendricks from Mad Men .
Dr De Silva said : 'Although chins with a dimple were once more popular , these have largely gone out of fashion , and some patients have preferred to have their dimple reduced , often with the use of fillers . '
5 . Weak or receding chin - Marilyn Monroe
X-rays from a cosmetic surgeon , which have surfaced since Marilyn Monroe 's death show that she did have surgery to augment her weak chin early on in her career . She had cartilage implanted into her chin in 1950 - at the outset of her Hollywood career .
Dr De Silva said : 'Modern day technology in surgery has far superseded the previous techniques - a customised silicone implant offers a far superior result to what was available in 1950 . '
6 . Round chin - Duchess of Cambridge
This is another very popular chin shape . It is slightly less defined than the square chin . People with round chins are said to have warm and welcoming faces .
7 . Long chin - Jennifer Aniston
People with long chins are often said to be artistic and expressive .
Jennifer Aniston has a striking long chin , which Dr De Silva says really augments her facial beauty .
8 . Short or narrow chin - Gwen Stefani
If you look carefully at Gwen Stefani 's face , you will see that her chin is slightly shorter than her nose .
This means that her chin is slightly shorter than the artistic ideal - but it does not stop her from having a strikingly beautiful face , says Dr De Silva .
Cheating in exams is fairly common in the Indian state ofBihar , but new images have emerged which show just how large-scale and blatant the practice is .
Many students smuggled in textbooks and notes into the examination centres despite tight security - and parents and friends were photographed scaling the walls of test centres to pass on answers to students during the current secondary school examinations .
The examinations , held by the Bihar School Examination Board ( BSEB ) , began on Tuesday and are scheduled to go on until 24 March . Officials say more than 1.4 million students are taking the tests .
Most of the incidents of cheating this year have been reported from Saharsa , Chhapra , Vaishali and Hajipur districts .
Local newspapers have been full of photos of parents and relatives trying to help their children cheat even at considerable risk to their own lives , BBC Hindi 's Manish Saandilya reports from the state capital , Patna .
Some photos even show policemen posted outside the centres accepting bribes to look the other way , our correspondent adds .
Photojournalist Dipankar , who took the photos in Saharsa district , says when he went into the examination hall and began taking pictures , the students did not seem worried at all .
Despite the many reports that have appeared in the local newspapers , the authorities seem uninterested in taking any action against the students , he says .
Dipankar says during a raid at just one school on Wednesday , the authorities seized sheets containing answers which filled up nine sacks .
The after-work revelries are under way across Japan , with the nation noisily celebrating the annual arrival of the cherry blossoms with mobile karaoke machines and crates of beer . Experts warn , however , that the party could be drawing to a close .
Already threatened by rising temperatures and pollution in cities that have combined to reduce the number of flowers , the iconic cherry blossoms are also falling victim to time .
Planted in huge numbers in the decades after air raids devastated large parts of Tokyo and other cities , cherry trees usually live about 60 years before they fall prey to disease or they become too large for their roots .
A survey conducted in 2013 by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government showed that 44,000 cherry trees dot the city . But an increasing number are ailing and need to be cut down , meaning that entire groves of trees that add a dash of pink to the unrelenting grey of Japan 's cities may disappear .
`` Cherry trees usually live about 60 years so the ones we have in Tokyo are getting too big , are contracting diseases and are shedding branches , '' Kiroyuki Wada , a spokesman for the Japan Tree Doctors ' Association , told The Telegraph .
`` They need to be replaced and the Tokyo city government has tried to do that , but they have met resistance from local residents . ''
The local authority has attempted to carry out replacement programmes in several parts of the city , targeting trees that have raised pavements with their roots or have lost branches , but those plans have on occasions been thwarted .
A rare diamond known as the Pink Star has been sold in Hong Kong for more than $ 71m ( £57m ) , setting a new world record for any gemstone at auction .
The oval-shaped 59.6 carat stone was bought after just five minutes ' bidding at Sotheby 's , reports said .
It is the largest polished diamond in its class to go under the hammer .
It sold for $ 83m in Geneva in 2013 but the buyer later defaulted . The record until now was held by the Oppenheimer Blue , which sold for $ 50m last May .
Bidding for the gem , which was found by De Beers at a mine in Africa in 1999 and cut over a period of two years , began at $ 56m .
Sotheby 's said the buyer was Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook Jewellery .
Alexander Breckner , head of diamonds at jewellers `` 77 Diamonds '' , told the BBC that the stone was exceptional .
`` It 's the largest pink diamond ever found in the history of humankind . It 's an incredible colour to it .
`` And the sheer size of the stone already makes it so rare and so beautiful . ''
Previous records set in stone
May 2016 : A large diamond known as the Oppenheimer Blue set a new auction record , reaching a price of $ 50.6m . The 14.62-carat gem was sold after 20 minutes of phone bidding at Christie 's auction house in Geneva . The buyer 's identity is unknown .
November 2015 : The Blue Moon , a 12.03-carat ring-mounted blue diamond , caught the eye of Hong Kong tycoon Joseph Lau , who paid a record $ 48.4m for the cushion-shaped stone . He bought it for his seven-year-old daughter , renaming it the `` Blue Moon of Josephine '' after her .
May 2015 : An unnamed buyer made history after purchasing the Sunrise Ruby , a 25.59-carat `` pigeon blood '' coloured gemstone , for $ 30m . At that price , it became the world 's most expensive precious stone other than a diamond .
November 2013 : The `` largest vivid orange diamond in the world '' , according to Christie 's , attracted the highest price paid per carat for any diamond at auction , selling for $ 35m , or $ 2.4m per carat .
November 2010 : The Graff Pink , a 24.78-carat `` fancy intense pink '' stone described as `` one of the greatest diamonds ever discovered '' , auctioned for $ 46.2m . At the time it was believed to be the most expensive gemstone bought at auction and was sold to the well-known British dealer Laurence Graff .
It 's a habit which has been drummed into us from an early age , but the recent news about flossing your teeth could be a waste of time has put the spotlight on oral hygiene .
When it comes to looking after our teeth , there are certain pieces of wisdom which we 've incorporated into our routines .
But in the wake of the news about flossing , when it comes to oral hygiene , how much does your average person know about what we should be doing - and which habits do we need to ditch ?
For example , how many of us know how long we SHOULD brush or teeth for and how often ? And what are we doing wrong ?
MirrorOnline spoke to the British Dental Association ’ s scientific adviser , Professor Damien Walmsley , who kindly put together this definitive list of `` dos and don'ts . ''
`` The best way to prevent tooth decay is to brush teeth twice daily with a fluoride toothpaste to remove plaque , limit the frequency , and amount of sugary food and drinks consumed in your diet , and see the dentist regularly .
1 . Brush for long enough – research indicates that people only brush for 45 seconds
2 . Rinse the mouth after brushing – fluoride helps to prevent , control and even stop tooth decay – but rinsing the mouth out dilutes the concentration of fluoride , so SPIT , don ’ t rinse .
3 . Brush too soon after eating – as enamel on teeth is softened after eating especially with sugary foods – it ’ s best to wait an hour before brushing which allows the tooth to harden up more .
4 . Use a hard bristle toothbrush as this can damage the soft tissues in the gums .
5 . Do n't brush too hard – the bristles should lightly sweep the tooth .
1 . Brush for at least two minutes , twice daily , with a fluoridated toothpaste
2 . Brush last thing at night and at least on one other occasion
3 . Use a small headed toothbrush with medium bristles .
4 . Put a pea-sized blob of fluoride toothpaste on your toothbrush .
5 . Brush along the gum line as well as the teeth themselves
6 . Brush all surfaces of the teeth , including the outer , inner and chewing surfaces as well as the hard-to-reach back teeth and areas around fillings , crowns or other restorations .
If you have spaces between teeth , it is best to clean these with an interdental or single-tufted brush . Where the spaces between teeth are too tight to fit such a brush , use dental floss or tape .
7 . If you are unsure about the effectiveness of brushing , use disclosing tablets after brushing to highlight any areas you may have missed .
There is good evidence that a small-headed counter oscillating electric toothbrush helps in removing dental plaque but they must be used correctly and your dentist or hygienist will advise .
Plaque is a sticky film of bacteria that covers your teeth and gums . It develops constantly and you clean it off every day when you brush your teeth . Certain harmful oral bacteria feed on the sugars you eat to create acids that destroy the tooth enamel .
Cavities are a bacterial infection created by acids , that cause your teeth to experience a hole in them .
The more sugar you eat , the more acid you will create in your mouth , and the more acidic attacks your teeth are exposed to , the higher the risk of developing tooth decay .
1 . Jennifer Lawrence
Jennifer Lawrence was a victim of the September 2014 hacking . She responded , saying that those who looked at the pictures had committed a `` sexual offence '' .
`` It is not a scandal . It is a sex crime . It is a sexual violation . It 's disgusting. ``
`` Anybody who looked at those pictures , you 're perpetrating a sexual offence . ''
A super-cute kangaroo and his soft toy rabbit have become inseparable after the spring-heeled marsupial was sent the companion by a kind-hearted fan .
And there 's no better proof of their bond than this adorable picture .
Roger , an alpha male , was rescued as a baby after his mum was hit by a car in 2006 .
Concerned he might get lonely , sanctuary staff gave him the toy to play with .
And after initially attacking the stuffed bunny , the pair are now inseparable .
Chris Barnes , who works at Alice Springs Kangaroo Sanctuary in Australia , where the kangaroo lives , said : `` Roger received the bunny from a fan . ''
He added : `` I thought Roger would probably like to play with his soft toy .
`` When I gave it to him he snatched it off me really quickly and proceeded to attack it , giving it a 'bear hug ' and wrestling it , even hugging it and kicking out as he would do in kick boxing match , he 's an expert kick boxer .
`` After about 10 minutes of not giving up his bunny , Roger lost interest in it , but when I tried to take it off him he tried to attack me instead , which is a daily ritual .
`` I rescued Roger as an orphan in 2006 from his dead mum on the highway .
`` Baby kangaroos are often found still alive in the pouches of dead kangaroos out on the roadside .
`` Today he is alpha male at The Kangaroo Sanctuary Alice Springs and will attack anyone or anything that gets too close to him or his women . ''
Switzerland has retained its position as one of the most expensive spots in the world to buy a Big Mac , as the Swiss franc remains strong against all major currencies .
The famed McDonald 's burger will set you back 6.50 Swiss francs in the Alpine state - that works out at more than £5.20 ( $ 6.35 ) for the patty sandwich alone , no fries or drink included .
The findings , exhibited in the Economist 's Big Mac index , imply that the Swiss franc is overvalued by a meaty 25.5 percent .
The Big Mac index was created by The Economist magazine in 1986 as a way of comparing the relative values of different currencies .
By comparing a product which is almost perfectly identical and on sale around the world , experts hoped to show the 'purchasing power ' of each nation 's money .
Norway has the second priciest Big Mac in the world at £4.64 ( $ 5.67 ) , followed by Sweden £4.31 ( $ 5.26 ) , Venezuela £4.30 ( $ 5.25 ) , Brazil £4.19 ( $ 5.12 ) and the US £4.14 ( $ 5.06 ) , according to the so-called Big Mac index .
Britain comes 16th on the list , with Big Macs costing £3.09 ( $ 3.73 ) - less than they do in Singapore and Costa Rica .
The scaling suggests that the pound is currently undervalued by 26.3 percent against the dollar , as the sterling 's strength continues to dwindle .
At the other end of the scale , Egypt is best value for money with a crippled Egyptian pound , as you can snap up a Big Mac in Cairo for a digestible £1.20 ( $ 1.46 ) .
The price of Big Macs is compared against the standard US price for the product - which is currently $ 5.06 , about £4.14 in sterling .
The newly-published Big Mac Index highlights how the Turkish lira is one of the worst-performing currencies in the world - making it into the bottom 15 .
According to the 'patty-powered currency guide ' , it is now undervalued by 45.7 percent against the dollar .
However , other currencies are even cheaper .
In Big Mac terms , the Mexican peso is undervalued by a staggering 55.9 percent against the buck .
Last week it also plummeted to a historic low of 22.04 per dollar and the country 's stock index fell on Wednesday , after US President-elect Donald Trump warned US auto companies would face a high tax for products made south of the border .
Out of the big countries , only Russia offers a better value Big Mac , in dollar terms , even though the rouble has strengthened considerably over the past year .
Other heavily undervalued currencies highlighted by the index include South Africa , Malaysia and the Ukraine .
When it comes to the euro zone , the euro is also the red , undervalued against the dollar by 19.7 percent .
The index 's latest results were released ahead of the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum ( WEF ) in Davos , Switzerland .
Over the two decades that have seen her shoot from obscurity to superstardom , Victoria Beckham 's countless sartorial choices have been well documented .
But one of her biggest regrets when it comes to aesthetics - possibly more than any possible fashion faux - was her much talked-about move to enhance her bosom .
In resurfaced letter that the singer-turned designer penned to her younger self for British Vogue 's October issue , she expresses regret at her decision , warning : 'I should probably say , don ’ t mess with your boobs . '
'All those years I denied it - stupid . A sign of insecurity , ' added the 42-year-old mother-of-four .
The former Spice Girl also admitted that she was drunk when she first met her husband David Beckham back in the 1990s - and discussed her teenage insecurities .
The story of David and Victoria 's beginnings are well known as he famously revealed after seeing her in the video for the Spice Girls ' 1996 hit Say You 'll Be There he declared : 'That ’ s the girl for me and I 'm going to get her ! She 's my idea of perfection . I knew that if she wanted me , we would be together forever . '
Following his announcement , the brunette beauty , then labelled Posh Spice , headed to Manchester United to see the burgeoning young ace play - after which she admitted she fell in love at first sight - feelings which she admits were mutual .
In the letter , addressed to herself , Victoria 's advice on boyfriends and lasting love read : 'Learn more about football , especially the offside rule . And yes , love at first sight does exist . It will happen to you in the Manchester United players ’ lounge – although you will get a little drunk , so exact details are hazy .
'While the other football players stand at the bar drinking with their mates , you will see David standing aside with his family . '
'And he has such a cute smile . You , too , are close to your family , and you will think how similar he feels to you . He ’ s going to ask for your number . '
Aside from meeting the love of her life , Victoria also cast her mind back to her years at theatre school in Epsom , Surrey , where she admits at the age of 18 , she never felt as though she fitted in - feeling `` not the prettiest , or the thinnest '' .
Her impassioned note read : 'I know you are struggling right now . You are not the prettiest , or the thinnest , or the best at dancing at the Laine Theatre Arts college .
'You have never properly fitted in , although you are sharing your Surrey school digs with really nice girls . You have bad acne . '
As a high-end fashion designer , Victoria 's sartorial choices have long been scrutinised , with both her fashion and beauty , triumphs and fails making waves around the world and often imitated .
In her comments to her younger self she gives a nod to her fashion icon status as urges young Victoria to realise she will mature and learn : 'You are going to have so much fun with your clothes – PVC catsuits ; chokers that say absurd things ; weird spiky blonde hair . '
'It will never occur to you that you appear ridiculous . You will turn up at awards ceremonies resembling a drag queen . But I look back at you and smile . It will add interest to your life to go from one extreme to another . I love the fact that you will feel free to express yourself .
'You will learn , as you mature , to swap heels for Stan Smith trainers , minidresses for crisp white shirts . And you will never be one of those people who just roll out of bed . '
Having reached the current stage of development , China can now advance only through reform and innovation . We have the largest quality workforce as well as the largest pool of scientists , engineers and professionals in the world , and their potential for innovation is truly tremendous .
We must make dedicated efforts to deliver services to the people , resolve the difficulties they face , promote social equity and justice , and demonstrate that development does better people ’ s lives .
The system for ensuring responsibility is taken for poverty elimination will be effectively enforced , the strictest possible evaluations and assessments of poverty alleviation will be carried out , and stern measures will be taken to address deception , falsification , and the manipulation of numbers in poverty elimination work . We must see that the results of our poverty elimination earn the approval of our people and stand the test of time .
To see that businesses and the public benefit more from our reforms to streamline administration , delegate powers , and improve regulation and services , we must cut red tape , level the playing field , provide greater convenience , and remove that last crucial hurdle .
The fundamentals of the Chinese economy remain sound , the capital adequacy ratio and provision coverage of commercial bans remain high , and we have many financial tools and instruments that can be used . We have the confidence , the ability , and the means to forestall systemic risks .
We will promote coordinated urban development above and below the ground , and begin construction on at least another 2,000 kilometers of underground utility tunnels in cities . A three-year initiative will be launched to remove the risk of flooding in highly vulnerable urban areas ; and further progress will be made in the development of sponge cities . All these efforts will make our cities more attractive and function better .
We will promote workmanship and foster a culture of workmanship where workers have a strong ethic and tirelessly seek improvement . We will see great numbers of Chinese workers exemplify workmanship and more Chinese brands enjoy international recognition . We will usher in an era of quality for economic development in China .
Faster progress in work to improve environment , particularly air quality , is what people are desperately hoping for , and is critical to sustainable development . We must adopt well-designed policies , tackle both symptoms and root causes , and take tough steps to make the grade in responding to the people .
Employment is crucial to ensuring people ’ s well-being . We will focus our efforts on facilitating employment to see that through their hard work , people can create wealth and realize their full potential .
We will improve mechanisms that give incentives and allow for and address mistakes so as to support those who are dedicated to their work and stand behind those who live up to their responsibilities . Every one of us in government must take an active approach to our work and have the courage to tackle the toughest problems , we must work closely with the people , using concrete action to make progress in development , and using genuine hard work to realize a bright future .
If you got the bus to work this morning rather than walking , do n't feel guilty . A study suggests those who commute by bus or train are healthier than those who walk .
It is n't clear why but it may be that when the walk to the bus or train station is factored in , those who take public transport are actually getting more exercise .
The counterintuitive finding comes from a study of 6,000 Japanese adults who underwent a battery of health tests and provided information on their commute .
Those who took the bus or train were deemed to be the fittest – they were the slimmest , had the best blood pressure and were the least likely to have diabetes .
Importantly , those who took public transport were 40 per cent less likely to be diabetic overall and 26 per cent less likely to be diabetic than the walkers . Those who walked or cycled were next healthiest , while those who drove to work were in the worst shape , the American Heart Association 's Scientific Sessions meeting in Florida heard .
A spokesman for the association said : 'While it 's already established that a physically active lifestyle helps reduce the likelihood of diabetes , high blood pressure and obesity , it is unclear whether these risk factors for heart disease and stroke are affected by how you get to work .
Study author Dr Hisako Tsuji , of the Moriguchi City Health Examination Centre in Osaka , said it was impossible to tell if taking public transport improves health or if bus and train passengers are simply healthier to begin with .
However , Japanese city-dwellers tend to only walk or bike to work if the journey will take under 20 minutes or so .
As a result , when travel to and from station is taking into account , bus and train passengers may be walking and cycling further than those who walk or bike their entire journey .
Dr Tsuji said : 'Active modes of commuting to work may be important physical activity in countries where lifestyles have become sedentary .
'People should consider taking public transportation instead of a car , as a part of daily , regular exercise .
'It may be useful for healthcare providers to ask patients about how they commute . '
Dr Jorge Plutzky , of the American Heart Association , cautioned against reading too much into the results . But he added that the study throws up the idea that 'activity , even when modest and integrated into one 's lifestyle like how you get to work , and the walking before and after you 're getting there , could matter ' .
A scientist has filmed the moment plastic microfibre is ingested by plankton , illustrating how the material is affecting life beneath the waves .
The footage shows one way that waste plastic could be entering the marine and global food chain .
An estimated 150 million tonnes of plastic `` disappears '' from the world 's waste stream each year .
Waste plastic in the world 's seas has been recognised by the United Nations as a major environmental problem .
`` When I saw it , I thought that here was something , visually , to convey to the public the problem of plastic in the sea , '' said Richard Kirby , who recorded the footage .
`` What intrigues me is that because the fibre has made a loop inside the animal 's gut , you can actually see the consequences of something as small as the arrow worm consuming microplastic .
Dr Kirby said that people were familiar with the idea of large marine animals - such as whales , seals and birds - swallowing plastic bags .
`` But here we have something where we actually see that at a tiny fibre has caused a blockage in something as small as a Sagitta setosa , a member of the plankton , stopping food progressing down .
The United Nations has estimated that there are 46,000 pieces of waste plastic per square mile of sea .
The issue of plastic waste in the marine environment has been rising up the political and policy agenda .
The international body 's environment agency , UNEP , has launched a # CleanSeas campaign .
The organisation 's head , Erik Solheim , said : `` We 've stood by too long as the problem has gotten worse . It must stop. ``
The UN estimated that as many as 51 trillion ( 500 times as many stars estimated to be in our galaxy ) particles of microplastic are in the world 's seas and oceans .
The widespread presence of plastic in our waters meant that it was a problem for arrow worms , said Emily Baxter , senior marine conservation officer for the North West Wildlife Trusts .
`` They play a really important ecological role in the marine food web . They are voracious predators of other planktonic animals and also represent an important food source for fish , squid and other things that eat plankton . ''
`` Even if we stopped producing plastic today this problem is going to continue for a long time . We see it now coming into the bottom of the food chain and potentially affecting the food chain all the way up , '' she said .
Hot , fresh pizzas are on their way to fatigued voters in long lines at the polls , thanks to two Portland , Oregon-based web developers .
Pizza to the Polls , a nonpartisan initiative to get free pizza to hungry voters , launched Sunday in hopes of remedying at least one aspect of voter frustration . The message is simple : It does n't matter whom you vote for , as long as you vote .
The brainchild of Scott Duncombe and Noah Manger grew out of the remains of the Americans Against Insecure Billionaires With Tiny Hands PAC , an anti-Donald Trump super PAC launched earlier this year by a Portland activist .
Here 's how it works : Voters can report long lines at their precincts through Pizza to the Polls ' website , using the precinct 's address and a social media post about the voter line . Duncombe and Manger 's group , using donated money , then orders a pizza from a nearby shop , which delivers the pie right into the hands of the voter .
`` I had been doing work with nonpartisan civic voter engagement groups for a long time , so I had been on the ground at a lot of polling places with lines in , like , Colorado and Montana , and I felt the joy of handing people , in line or volunteering , a pizza , '' said Duncombe , a software engineer for a financial tech company . `` I was reflecting with some of those friends who were doing this too , and we started thinking , 'I wonder how we can get pizza to more people . ' ''
Duncombe , who also served as the PAC 's treasurer , said Pizza to the Polls is his way of putting the PAC 's leftover money to a `` friendlier effort . ''
`` After I became treasurer , I had access to that fund , and we did n't have any plans for it , '' he said . `` This felt like a good way to make sure that money went to a good cause . ''
So Duncombe partnered with his friend Manger and used the PAC 's remaining money - about $ 2,500 , according to Duncombe - to start Pizza to the Polls . As of Monday morning , it had gotten about $ 1,000 in donations and given away about $ 500 worth of pizza at polling locations in Ohio and Florida .
While Pizza to the Polls came out of an anti-Trump PAC , Duncombe said there 's no political strings attached when it comes to the pizza .
`` It 's for everyone who 's there : voters , poll workers , volunteers . We 're just trying to bring a little bit of joy to people waiting to vote . ''
Australian wild salmon has an image problem .
Every year , breeding-age salmon make their way from as far as Bass Strait to spawn in the south-western corner of the continent .
According to WA Fisheries , the salmon stock is in good health . But as recreational fishers flock to south coast and South West beaches to catch them , the commercial industry is in decline .
Since the last cannery at Albany closed down in the 1980s , the catch has dwindled from an average of up to 3,000 tonnes a season to between 75 and 300 tonnes in the past five years .
The dominant market for the fish is as bait for the western rock lobster industry with a beach price as low as 50 cents a kilogram .
WA 's Fishing Industry Council and Curtin University are now working together to try to promote salmon as a table fish .
They have been running a pilot program for upper primary school students focusing on 12 low-value , under-utilised fish species .
Janet Howieson , from Curtin 's Centre of Excellence for Science Seafood and Health , said education was crucial .
`` I think education is really important , Australian salmon is one of the fish we put into our schools education program , '' Dr Howieson said .
`` I think educating the chefs , educating the children , educating the consumers , educating the retailers is very important . ''
One of the chefs helping the program is Peter Manifis , who is also a provider supplying fresh salmon and other seafood to restaurants .
He thinks market resistance to wild caught salmon may be because it is confused with farmed Atlantic salmon .
Its red , oil-rich flesh and strong flavour is also a challenge in a market used to mild , white-fleshed species such as snapper and red emperor .
`` It 's got flavour , some people could say definitely it 's an oily fish . There 's a lot of omega 3s in it , there 's a lot of positives , but it 's quite strong , '' Mr Manifis said .
He said at $ 15 for a whole fish up to 8kg , salmon was outstanding value and chefs just needed to learn how to best use its strong flavour .
`` I want chefs to know how to cook fish with flavour and not be scared of them and not be scared to put them on their menus , '' Mr Manifis said .
`` We all talk about innovation , this is innovation as far as I 'm concerned . If chefs are holding back and not putting this on their menu because they 're worried about what the punters will say , it 's all training and that 's what we 've got to do , we need to teach the people how to cook it , how to eat it . ''
Recfishwest , which represents WA 's 800,000 anglers , said the bait market was a poor use of a valuable resource .
`` We absolutely support this biological resource for its highest and best use , so human consumption is an absolutely critical element , '' Recfishwest 's chief executive Andrew Rowland said .
`` Simply taking these magnificent animals out of the environment , running them through a bandsaw and stuffing them into a bait box to put into a rock lobster pot is simply not acceptable use of this important resource . ''
He said the tourism potential for the recreational salmon catch was largely untapped .
`` This is one of the world 's best sport fisheries and the world does n't even know about it , '' he said .
`` So these are the things we really need to get on the table and have a discussion around where that value lies . ''
Jet-setting stallions and high-flying hounds at New York ’ s Kennedy airport can look forward to a new luxury terminal that will handle the more than 70,000 animals flying in and out every year .
The ARK at JFK , its name inspired by Noah ’ s biblical vessel , will more than measure up to terminals for humans : horses and cows will occupy sleek , climate-controlled stalls with showers , and dogs will lounge in hotel suites featuring flat-screen TVs . A special space for penguins will allow them mating privacy .
The ARK is billed as the world ’ s first air terminal for animals .
Set to open next year , the $ 48m , 178,000-square-foot ( 16,500-square-meter ) shelter and quarantine facility will take in every kind of animal imaginable — even an occasional sloth or aardvark . From The ARK , they ’ ll head to barns , cages , racetracks , shows and competition venues in the United States and abroad .
Many arriving animals are quarantined for a period of time ( for horses , it ’ s normally about three days ) to make sure they ’ re not carrying contagious diseases . And The ARK is designed to make their stay as pleasant as possible , with hay-lined stalls for up to 70 horses and 180 head of cattle , plus an aviary and holding pens for goats , pigs and sheep .
For dog owners , The ARK will offer a 20,000-sqf ( 1,860-sqm ) luxury “ resort ” run by the company Paradise 4 Paws , complete with bone-shaped splashing pools , massage therapy and “ pawdicures with colored nail pawlish. ” Dogs can watch flat-screen TVs and their owners can check in on them via webcam .
Cats will have their own trees to climb . And all animals will have access to a 24-hour clinic run by Cornell University ’ s veterinary college .
Even animals that don ’ t need to be quarantined — a huge dog that can ’ t fit in the cabin and has to travel as cargo , for example — will be held at thefacility until departure or pickup by its owner .
“ A lot of our design making is in collaboration with veterinarians and consultants to help minimize the amount of stress placed on the animal , ” said Cliff Bollmann , a leading airport architect working on The ARK for the San Francisco-based architecture firm Gensler .
When completed , the facility is subject to approval by the US Department of Agriculture . Animals will be charged fees — still being determined depending on services — that will help fund the terminal . High-end dog “ suites ” could top $ 100 per night .
Transporting animals by air is not aimed at low-income owners . A flight to London for a dog can cost about $ 1,000 , plus a crate , airport fees and vet certifications . And moving a horse can add up to at least $ 10,000 .
Over nearly a century Disney has exported US culture across the globe , but the company was astonished to find one slice of Americana wildly popular in China -- the turkey leg .
The entertainment giant opened its $ 5.5 billion theme park in Shanghai in June last year , expecting to shift mainly bok choy , Mickey Pork Buns and Minnie Red Bean Buns to hungry customers .
`` If you go to Disneyland or Disneyworld , we sell gigantic turkey legs -- they 're like the size of my arm , '' Bob Iger , chairman and CEO of the Walt Disney Company , told reporters on Wednesday .
`` And when I heard we were putting them on the menu in Shanghai I thought our group was crazy . Why are we selling turkey legs in China ? ''
Iger was quickly proved wrong , however . Glazed in a special Disney-recipe hoi sin sauce , thousands of the turkey legs began selling every day .
`` We were there a few weeks ago for the anniversary and we sold 4,500 in one day . We could n't buy enough of them , '' Iger said at a panel for the international press in the company 's Burbank , California , studio lot .
Demand for the juicy snack quickly grew to 4,000 units a day in Shanghai alone -- more than Disney 's Polish supplier could manage -- and buyers were sent to track down more of the poultry legs in South America .
`` That surprised us , and there were other things about food that surprised us -- not bad , by the way , just things that we had to adjust to , '' said Iger .
Shanghai Disneyland -- Disney 's sixth theme park and third in Asia -- pulled in nearly a million visitors within its first month of operation .
Bill Gates has pulled together a multinational band of investors to put billions into clean energy .
The Microsoft co-founder and philanthropist is set to announce his latest endeavor , the Breakthrough Energy Coalition , at the climate change summit in Paris alongside President Obama and French President Francois Hollande .
The fund will be fed by a group that spans more than two dozen public and private entities -- including national governments , billionaire philanthropists , investment fund managers and tech CEOs .
`` The renewable technologies we have today , like wind and solar , have made a lot of progress and could be one path to a zero-carbon energy future . But given the scale of the challenge , we need to be exploring many different paths -- and that means we also need to invent new approaches , '' Gates said in a statement .
Among the list of backers are Alibaba CEO Jack Ma , Mark Zuckerberg ofFacebook , Meg Whitman of HP and Virgin Group 's Richard Branson .
More than a dozen governments have also committed to double their spending on carbon-free energy development over the next five years .
`` Private companies will ultimately develop these energy breakthroughs , but their work will rely on the kind of basic research that only governments can fund , '' Gates added .
According to government data , the U.S. spends about $ 5 billion on energy R & amp ; D compared to $ 31 billion on health care research and nearly $ 70 billion on defense research .
There is no fund raising goal for private investors in the Gates initiative . But the fund represents billions in money to seed promising ideas in large-scale clean energy production .
The fund says it will invest broadly and focus on five key areas : electricity generation and storage , transportation , industrial uses , agriculture and projects that make energy systems more efficient .
For example , Gates says more research is needed in new kinds of batteries -- `` flow batteries '' -- that he says hold more promise than current battery technology .
According to Gates , the goal is to spur new clean energy tech while combating climate change by `` keeping global temperatures from rising more than 2 degrees . ''
Reducing global reliance on fossil fuels also holds the potential for massive economic benefits , Gates added .
`` It would help millions more people escape poverty and become more self-sufficient , '' Gates wrote . `` And it would stabilize energy prices , which will have an even bigger impact on the global economy as more people come to rely on energy in their daily lives . ''
Britain may not be the best place to live , but it is the best place to die .
The Economist Intelligence Unit ( EIU ) ranked the country first in its latest quality-of-death index , which uses 20 quantitative and qualitative indicators to measure the effectiveness of end-of-life care in 80 countries . The measures include the the quality of palliative care , affordability , the health care environment , and community engagement .
How we die is becoming a critical topic as populations live longer , often with multiple diseases requiring complex ( and costly ) management . Developing countries in particular grapple with how to deliver basic pain relief to the dying . Some have seen notable improvements in recent years : Uganda has dramatically increased the availability of morphine through a public-private partnership between the health ministry and Hospice Africa , a British charity .
Not surprisingly , rich countries generally did better than poor ones in the rankings . But there are noteworthy variations : the US came in ninth place with a score of 80.8 ( out of 100 ) , far below the 93.9 score achieved by Britain , where complaining about health care is as popular as grumbling about the weather .
Score is out of 100 . ( Economist Intelligence Unit / Quartz )
Costa Rica ranks top among middle-income countries , thanks in part to extensive volunteer networks that support public services , according to the EIU .
The most striking finding in the report is that Mongolia , a poor country with few provisions for end-of-life care in 2000 , now leads the low-income countries with a score of 57.7 , which puts it 28th overall , above a host of more advanced economies . It “ overachieves by some margin given its resources , ” according to the EIU .
Remarkably , Mongolia ’ s performance is largely attributed to the work of a single doctor , Odontuya Davaasuren , a pediatrician who learned about the latest advancements in end-of-life care at a conference in Sweden and brought some of the ideas back to her home country . When Davaasuren set up the Mongolian Palliative Care Society ( MPCS ) in 2000 , the country had no hospices or palliative care teaching programs . “ We did not even have the terminology for palliative care , ” she says .
According to the EIU , her work helped establish 10 palliative-care facilities in Ulaanbaatar , with provincial hospitals also now able to accommodate patients in need of such care . Palliative care is now included in health and welfare legislation , and taught at medical schools . Affordable morphine is now available and prescribed more widely . The country is also now expanding non-cancer and pediatric palliative-care services , in addition to “ outpatient consultation and nursing , home care , and spiritual and social services , ” Davaasuren says .
In spite of recent progress around the world , the EIU notes that experts estimate that globally less than 10 percent of people who require end-of-life care actually receive it .
Peeling vegetables can be the most tedious part of any meal as you spend extra minutes on prep time . And when you 're done , you 're left with a pile of unusable skins that usually end up in the trash .
But according to health experts , what we throw away is actually one of the healthiest parts of our foods .
Daily Mail Online spoke to certified nutritionist and registered dietitian Mary Jane Detroyer , based in New York , about why we should n't be peeling our vegetables and all the hidden benefits found in the skins .
According to Detroyer , there are several reasons to be leaving the skin on , and the main reason is what you deprive your body of when you peel it off . The rind of produce like potatoes , carrots , and cucumbers all have plenty of health benefits .
'The skin has a lot of fiber and it 's insoluble fiber , especially when the skin is colorful , ' Detroyer told Daily Mail Online .
'Most of the time , the majority of the vegetable 's nutrients are in the skin . '
One example is cucumbers , with dark green skin that contains the majority of its antioxidants , as well as most of its vitamin K .
And the skin of a potato packs more nutrients - iron , calcium , potassium , magnesium , vitamin B6 and vitamin C - ounce-for-ounce than the rest of the potato .
'People , when they make mashed potatoes , often feel they have to peel the skin off . But they can just boil the skin and mix it right into the rest of the mashed potatoes , ' Detroyer said . She also added that the skin of vegetables contains antioxidants that fight against free radicals .
Free radicals are groups of atoms that can cause damage to the body when produced in excess , such as heart disease .
Vitamins C and E - as found in many vegetables - protect the body against the destructive effects of free radicals by neutralizing them .
Additionally more colorful vegetables such as carrots and peppers have peels with phytonutrients , which contain antioxidant , anti-inflammatory and liver-health-promoting properties .
One common fear that causes people to peel their vegetables , according to Detroyer , is the amount of herbicides and pesticides that can found on the skin .
But that can be taken care of with a good wash , Detroyer said .
'Many people think they have to scrub their vegetables with soap and water to remove any of the chemicals , but if you just run them over with water , you 'll get rid of the dirt , ' she said .
The dietitian added that if clients are really worried , she tells them to visit the Environmental Working Group website to get an updated list on the produce with the least and most pesticide contamination .
'And if they have the budget to do so , I recommend that they invest in eating organic produce , which can get rid of that fear , ' she said .
'But the benefits of eating plant-based foods far outweighs the negative things you may read about pesticides and herbicides . '
A lot of peeling is preferential , Detroyer admits , depending on how you grew up eating vegetables or if you have more sensitive tastes .
There are even some skins that the nutritionist herself prefers to remove such as that of carrots because they 'change the texture ' for her .
But Detroyer said she ca n't think of one vegetable in particular that has harmful effects by keeping on the skin .
She said : 'Even vegetables that have tough skins . When I roast eggplant , I roast it with the skin on . Or when I cook butternut squash , I cook it with the skin on .
'In the end , it 's very beneficial and I always recommend that you get 50 percent of your daily intake from these plant-based foods . '
French composer Jean Michel Jarre and whistleblower Edward Snowden have collaborated on `` Exit , '' a track off the electronic music pioneer 's upcoming new LP Electronica 2 : The Heart of Noise . The composer travelled to Russia to work with the former NSA analyst , who remains in exile after leaking classified documents detailing how the United States and other countries are spying on their citizens .
Jarre says he reached out to a journalist and mutual acquaintance he shared with Snowden who eventually put them in contact . `` I think that Edward was surprised to receive my invitation to collaborate on a musical composition , to voice his message via another media , '' Jarre said .
`` Edward Snowden became a modern hero , not by saying 'stop , ' but to be careful regarding the ( ab ) use of technology , '' Jarre said .
Over the course of a few videoconference conversations , Jarre and Snowden laid the foundation for their collaborative track . The collaborators eventually met up in Russia , where Snowden has been seeking asylum , to complete work on `` Exit . '' `` I was surprised , `` Snowden admits . `` It was certainly not something I was expecting , as an engineer [ and ] someone who 's not really cool . ''
Jarre added that it was Snowden who gave `` Exit '' its name . `` You have a choice and 'Exit , ' whether it 's used as a noun or a verb , is something which we pursue , '' Snowden said of the track .
The double-edged sword that technology presents is a central theme and the `` core message '' throughout `` Exit . '' `` Technology can actually increase privacy , '' Snowden says on `` Exit . ''
`` Saying that you do n't care about the right to privacy because you have nothing to hide is no different that saying you do n't care about freedom of speech because you have nothing to say ... What may not have value to you today may have value to an entire population ... If you do n't stand up for it , then who will ? ''
Short on the sides and thinning on top , French President Francois Hollande 's hair is kept perfectly groomed at a cost of almost 10,000 euros a month , the Canard Enchaine weekly reported Wednesday .
The leader 's hair has never been the topic of scrutiny , unlike other high-profile male politicians such as US presidential candidate Donald Trump or former London mayor Boris Johnson .
However the publication of the contract of his hairdresser , identified only as Olivier B. , by the investigative newspaper had the French public bristling over such extravagant spending by a Socialist president .
`` I can understand the questions , I can understand that there are judgements , '' said government spokesman Stephane Le Foll , who confirmed the hairdresser 's steep salary of 9,895 euros ( $ 10,900 ) a month .
`` Everyone has their hair done , do n't they ? '' added Le Foll , his trademark thick grey mane flopping over his forehead .
- 'Coiffeurgate ' -
A lawmaker with the far-right National Front ( FN ) referred to Hollande as `` his majesty '' on Twitter , while other users superimposed afros , mullets and other hairstyles on pictures of the president , to `` help his hairdresser earn his salary '' .
The hashtag # Coiffeurgate was trending on Twitter in France .
Some Twitter users also suggested other balding candidates for the presidency in 2017 , such as Alain Juppe of the opposition Republicans , could save taxpayers money .
An image of Hollande with a beanie photoshopped onto his head was captioned `` budget cuts '' .
Hollande himself earns an annual wage of 179,000 euros a year or 14,900 euros a month .
The Canard Enchaine reported that in addition to his salary , the hairdresser was entitled to a `` housing allowance '' and other `` family benefits '' .
He has been employed since 2012 and travels with the president on most of his foreign trips .
The hairdresser 's contract states that he must `` maintain absolute secrecy about his work and any information he may have gathered both during and after his contract '' .
Hollande 's former partner Valerie Trierweiler denied that the hairdresser had been brought in at her request , as two journalists claimed in a book published in April .
`` Let 's be fair : F. Hollande was not aware of the hairdresser 's salary , '' she said .
`` I can attest to his anger when he learned it later , '' she added .
Trierweiler , a journalist , published a bestselling tell-all memoir of her relationship and break-up with Hollande .
Hollande , who was elected in 2012 , has always portrayed himself as `` Mr Normal '' , in stark contrast to his predecessor Nicolas Sarkozy whose flashy lifestyle saw him dubbed `` President Bling Bling '' .
Hollande has said he will decide by the end of the year whether to stand for re-election next year . He has said his decision will depend on his success in cutting unemployment .
1 . Using a standing desk .
A recent long-term study looking at data on nearly 4,000 US adults found no benefit in terms of overall risk of dying from standing as opposed to sitting .
In the short-term , however , standing does burn more calories per minute ; so if losing weight is all you 're worried about , stand on !
2 . Using toilet seat liners .
Viruses like HIV and herpes are fragile , meaning they do n't survive very well outside of a nice , warm human body . By the time you sit down on a public toilet seat - even if it was recently shared by someone else — most harmful pathogens likely would n't be able to infect you .
Plus , your skin is an effective block against any microbes . ( Unless , of course , you have a cut or open wound there , which could allow the bacteria to get in . )
3 . Applying hand sanitizer .
If you wash your hands regularly throughout the day , hand sanitizer is almost entirely unnecessary . Plus , it ca n't kill all the germs that plain old soap and water can .
Norovirus and C. difficile , for example , are immune to sanitizing gels .
4 . Ear candling .
The practice of ear candling - yes , ear candling - involves putting a lit , cone-shaped candle inside your ear . People who do it say it 's helpful for relieving earwax and treating some infections . According to the Mayo Clinic , not so much .
`` Research shows , '' they write , `` that ear candling is ineffective at removing earwax and is also not an effective treatment for any other conditions . '' Plus , the practice can end up pushing earwax deeper into your ear . Even worse , you can burn your face , hair , scalp , or ear . So do n't .
5 . Avoiding gluten .
Unless you 're one of the 1 % of Americans who suffer from celiac disease , gluten probably wo n't have a negative effect on you . In fact , studies show that most people suffer from slight bloating and gas when they eat , whether they consume wheat or not . So go ahead and eat that bagel .
6 . Juicing .
When you juice fresh fruits and veggies , you remove all of their fiber , the key ingredient that keeps you feeling full and satisfied until your next meal .
What you keep is the sugar . In the short term , a high-sugar , low-protein diet means constant hunger pangs , mood swings , and low energy . In the long term , you can lose muscle mass since muscles rely on protein .
7 . Avoiding MSG .
Monosodium glutamate is an ingredient added to many foods to enhance their flavor . It 's completely safe to ingest .
MSG is often associated with a series of symptoms , from numbness at the base of the neck to a general sense of fatigue , that are commonly lumped together and called `` Chinese Restaurant Syndrome . '' Eating too much is the more likely culprit here , not eating MSG .
8 . Going on a `` detox '' diet .
No one needs to detox . Unless you 've been poisoned , you already have a superefficient system for filtering out most of the harmful substances you eat . It 's made up of two toxin-bashing organs : the liver and the kidneys .
Ten years after the release of Mamma Mia , studio executives are taking a chance on the sequel to the smash musical hit .
Super troupers Meryl Streep , Amanda Seyfried , Pierce Brosnan , and Colin Firth are set to reprise their roles .
The songs of Abba will also be back to provide a fresh soundtrack , featuring some songs which did not make it in to the original .
Mamma Mia : Here We Go Again is scheduled for release in July 2018 .
The original film was based on a musical first staged in London 's West End , but its successor is set to be written and directed by British filmmaker Ol Parker .
Abba members Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus will be executive producers , Deadline reported in an article later tweeted by Mr Parker .
He is best known as writer of the The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel , starring Judi Dench , Maggie Smith , and Bill Nighy .
The 2008 Mamma Mia was based on a bride-to-be 's scheme to discover her father 's identity - by inviting all three possible candidates to her wedding .
Despite mixed reviews , it made money , money , money - an estimated $ 600m worldwide , almost 12 times its budget .
The musical is so successful there has even been a musical restaurant based on the Greek wedding of the plot .
Universities will be forced to compete harder than ever to fill empty places after the release of A-Level results this week , as experts report that a dip in UK university applications means a “ great year for students ” .
Some Russell Group universities will lower their entry requirements in a bid to enlist students onto under-subscribed courses , sector leaders predict .
Applications to UK universities were down by 4 percent this year , due to a sharp fall in the number of applications from European Union students as well as a broader long-term decline in the size of the youth population .
As a result , 'clearing ' - the process where students who do not achieve the grades required for their preferred university search for spaces on rival , under-subscribed courses - will be more competitive than ever , as admissions teams scramble to fill empty places .
“ Clearing will be as competitive as previous years , if not more so because of the demographic dip , ” Christine Edgar , head of student recruitment and admissions at the University of Sheffield , told Times Higher Education ( THE ) .
“ It 's going to be a great year for students , ” she added .
Durham , Edinburgh , Bristol , and other top Russell Group universities are all offering places through clearing this year .
The University of Bristol is offering places on 98 courses through clearing , including Chemistry , Physics , and Philosophy , whilst the University of Leeds is offering places on 530 courses .
The University of Exeter is advertising unfilled places on 75 courses , including Modern Languages and Archaeology , whilst the University of Birmingham has two courses available : Pharmacy and Social Work .
Mike Nicholson , director of student recruitment and admissions at the University of Bath , said that many universities will use their ranking in the government 's recent Teaching Excellence Framework to lure students in .
“ Universities that have a gold rating will be pushing hard to promote this in their publicity campaigns , ” he told THE .
He also predicted that many of the UK 's most competitive institutions will dip into the pool of students with grades lower than they would usually accept .
But Sir Ian Diamond , vice-chancellor of the University of Aberdeen and deputy chair of Ucas , cautioned universities against dropping their entry requirements too low .
Universities must ensure that students have the academic ability to succeed on the courses they are accepted to , he said .
A sperm donor in the Netherlands is the center of a fertility scandal after an investigation showed that he had fathered 102 children by donating at 11 different clinics .
An investigation into the man , who has not been publicly named , was launched after single mothers warned the authorities of a donor who gave his sperm at several clinics .
Sperm donors are supposed to sign contracts agreeing not to donate at different clinics , though the rule is not often checked or enforced .
By law , a sperm donor in the Netherlands is only allowed to sire 25 children to limit the chance that conceived children would later end up in a relationship not knowing they are half-siblings .
The donor of the 102 children told a Dutch daily that his motive 'was not to have as many children as possible ' .
He said : 'I just like to do it and to make people happy . It makes me feel helpful . The gratitude of doctors and prospective parents is great . '
The man said : 'Clinics are already happy if they have a donor who passes the screening . ' He said that his sperm was 'often immediately used ' .
Another man was also caught having donated his sperm to multiple clinics , but he had fathered only two children .
The Dutch association of gynaecologists ( NVOG ) called sperm clinics to immediately stop using the sperm of the two men .
It pleaded for a central sperm and egg donor registration 'to prevent such situations from happening ' .
Both men even offered their sperm outside of clinics on the internet and through personal contacts as well .
The health care inspectorate has launched an official investigation into the matter .
Earlier this year , another scandal broke out around the head of a fertility clinic , with a DNA test proving that a sperm doctor illegally used his own sperm to father at least 19 children with unsuspecting women .
The largest ever exhibition of the Queen 's wardrobe , Fashioning a Reign : 90 Years of Style from The Queen 's Wardrobe will bring together childhood fancy dress costumes , military regalia and glamorous ceremonial dresses .
The three displays will each have a distinct theme . The fancy dress costumes worn by the young Princess Elizabeth at wartime family pantomimes will be on show at Windsor Castle from September 2016 alongside dazzling evening gowns and smart official clothes .
It is not known yet which pantomime costumes will be included , but the Queen and her younger sister , the late Princess Margaret , appeared on stage in their youth in a number of shows including Aladdin and Cinderella , where Elizabeth played the role of Prince Florizel .
She was once again given the male part in a performance of Sleeping Beauty in 1942 , where Margaret was Fairy Thistledown and her elder sister Prince Salvador .
The focus at the Palace of Holyroodhouse will be tartan , tracking the use of the pattern in royal dress over the years . The exhibition at the Edinburgh residence will open on 21 April 2016 , the day the Queen turns 90 .
The flagship exhibition at Buckingham Palace will display the full the sartorial spectrum of the Queen 's life , from early childhood to her wedding and coronation clothes and special ensembles put together for State Visits . The display will coincide with the summer opening of the state rooms at the palace from August next year .
Known for her brightly coloured outfits , the Queen once remarked , `` I can never wear beige because nobody will know who I am '' .
For the wedding of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge she wore a sunny yellow dress with sunray beading at the neckline , while at her great-grandson 's christening she opted for a sky blue shade .
The Queen is estimated to have completed around 25,000 royal engagements in her lifetime , although some of these involved repeated outfits .
Parents who exert too much control over their children could be causing them lifelong psychological damage , according to a study which tracked a group of people born in the 1940s until the present day .
Researchers found that people who reported their parents had intruded on their privacy in childhood or encouraged dependence were more likely to have low scores in surveys of happiness and general wellbeing carried out in their teens , their 30s , their 40s and even their 60s .
The negative impact on wellbeing was comparable in scale to that observed in people who have suffered a bereavement , experts from University College London ( UCL ) said .
In contrast , people who said their parents were more caring , warm and responsive to their needs tended to be more content well into adulthood .
The findings are the culmination of a survey which has tracked more than 5,000 people since their birth in 1946 . It is well-established that childhood influences can have profound effect on the developing brain , but this is one of the first studies that have attempted to measure their impact over such a long period of time .
Information on parenting styles was only available from the study participants themselves , who were asked to recall their childhoods when in their 40s , and may therefore suffer from a degree of so-called recall bias – unhappy people may be more likely to depict their parents as controlling .
However the researchers said the findings chimed with previous studies which have shown that children who are able to form secure emotional bonds with parents are more likely to have secure , happy relationships later in life .
“ Parents also give us stable base from which to explore the world while warmth and responsiveness has been shown to promote social and emotional development , ” said Dr Mai Stafford , of the Medical Research Council ’ s ( MRC ) Lifelong Health and Ageing unit at UCL .
“ By contrast , psychological control can limit a child ’ s independence and leave them less able to regulate their own behaviour . ”
Examples of psychologically controlling behaviour identified by the study included invasions of children ’ s privacy and an unwillingness to let children make their own decisions , and fostering dependence upon one or both parents .
Separately , study participants were asked about behavioural control , which included elements of parenting that involve not letting children get their own way : for example , not always allowing them to go out as often as they would like . No links with psychological wellbeing were observed in relation to this kind of parenting .
Dr Stafford said that the study did not seek to blame parents .
“ Parents are vitally important to the mental wellbeing of future generations , ” she said . “ Policies to reduce economic and other pressures on parents could help them to foster better relationships with their children. ” Previous research has shown a clear link between economic stress in parents and poorer early child development .
The study group were participating in the MRC ’ s National Survey of Health and Development . Of 5,362 people tracked since 1946 , 2,800 remain under active follow-up and complete data was available from 2,000 people by the ages of 60-64 .
The findings are published in the Journal of Positive Psychology .
What 's the theory ? Parenting styles
Slow parenting : allows children to go at their own pace , with little control over what they take an interest in or when they do it .
Helicopter parenting : named for the constantly hovering quality of certain mums and dads , the opposite of slow parenting is characterised by close involvement in a child ’ s interests and hobbies . First identified in the 60s , the term has come to describe the type of parent who lines up a list of after school activities .
Tiger mum : originated in a 2011 book by Chinese-American author Amy Chua about a traditional , strict approach to motherhood that gets results in terms of grades and extracurricular achievement . It also spawned a new term for another breed of parent – the cat dad , who is laid back , stand-offish and slow to anger .
Samsung is warning customers about discussing personal information in front of their smart television set .
The warning applies to TV viewers who control their Samsung Smart TV using its voice activation feature .
When the feature is active , such TV sets `` listen '' to what is said and may share what they hear with Samsung or third parties , it said .
Privacy campaigners said the technology smacked of the telescreens , in George Orwell 's 1984 , which spied on citizens .
Data sharing
The warning came to light via a story in online news magazine the Daily Beast which published an excerpt of a section of Samsung 's privacy policy for its net-connected Smart TV sets . These record what is said when a button on a remote control is pressed .
Smart TV owner Peter Kent : `` It makes me think twice . ''
The policy explains that the TV set will be listening to people in the same room to try to spot when commands or queries are issued via the remote . It goes on to say : `` If your spoken words include personal or other sensitive information , that information will be among the data captured and transmitted to a third party . ''
Corynne McSherry , an intellectual property lawyer for the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) which campaigns on digital rights issues , told the Daily Beast that the third party was probably the company providing speech-to-text conversion for Samsung .
She added : `` If I were the customer , I might like to know who that third party was , and I 'd definitely like to know whether my words were being transmitted in a secure form . ''
Soon after , an activist for the EFF circulated the policy statement on Twitter comparing it to George Orwell 's description of the telescreens in his novel 1984 that listen to what people say in their homes .
In response to the widespread sharing of its policy statement , Samsung has issued a statement to clarify how voice activation works . It emphasised that the voice recognition feature is activated using the TV 's remote control .
It said the privacy policy was an attempt to be transparent with owners in order to help them make informed choices about whether to use some features on its Smart TV sets , adding that it took consumer privacy `` very seriously '' .
Samsung said : `` If a consumer consents and uses the voice recognition feature , voice data is provided to a third party during a requested voice command search . At that time , the voice data is sent to a server , which searches for the requested content then returns the desired content to the TV . ''
It added that it did not retain voice data or sell the audio being captured . Smart-TV owners would always know if voice activation was turned on because a microphone icon would be visible on the screen , it said .
The third party handling the translation from speech to text is a firm called Nuance , which specialises in voice recognition , Samsung has confirmed to the BBC .
Samsung is not the first maker of a smart , net-connected TV to run into problems with the data the set collects . In late 2013 , a UK IT consultant found his LG TV was gathering information about his viewing habits .
Publicity about the issue led LG to create a software update which ensured data collection was turned off for those who did not want to share information .
There is no evidence that so-called 'pet-therapy ' works , according to a Yale University academic .
Practices , such as taking dogs on hospital wards , has shown a 'small-to-medium ' reduction in patients ' distress , found doctoral student Molly Crossman in her review of the medical literature .
However , she says it 's unclear whether the animals deserve the credit as a high number of studies did not control for other possible factors .
Her comments come as hospitals have been urged to let more dogs and other animals on to wards and even into operating theatres to help patients .
The Royal College of Nursing made the appeal after collecting scores of anecdotal evidence of therapy animals helping recovery .
Some young patients found having trained dogs accompany them to the anaesthetic room reduced their anxiety before and after surgery , they discovered .
In a recent RCN survey of 750 nursing staff , 82 percent said pets encouraged patients to be more physically active and 60 percent believed animals improved physical recovery .
But many nurses reported that animals were banned from where they worked due to health and safety concerns .
Crossman , writing in the Journal of Clinical Psychology , notes that the idea that animals are beneﬁcial for human mental health ﬁrst emerged in the 17th century , when a Quaker-run retreat in England encouraged mentally ill patients to interact with animals on its grounds .
The father of psychoanalysis Sigmund Freud believed that dogs had a 'special sense ' that allowed them to judge a person 's character accurately . His favorite chow chow , Jo-Fi , attended all of his therapy sessions .
Nowadays , the therapeutic effects of animals have become widely accepted . San Francisco airport now has a pig to calm nervous travelers .
More people are bringing 'emotional support animals ' on board planes – including turkeys , monkeys and other unusual pets – sparking a debate over whether this should be allowed .
But Crossman said we can not yet draw clear conclusions on their benefits .
She said : 'The limited body of literature suggests that human–animal interaction produces small-to-medium reductions in distress ; however , it remains unclear whether those reductions are because of the animals as opposed to other aspects of the interventions .
'Despite the lack of research progress , the beneﬁts are routinely overstated . '
Keeping a pet is said to be a 'natural antidepressant ' , as cuddling a furry friend triggers release of the happy hormones serotonin , prolactin and oxytocin .
Many elderly people who suffer from dementia or Alzheimer 's experience confusion and agitation in the evening , known as 'sundown syndrome ' .
Studies carried out at residential nursing homes in the US found that the presence of a dog distracted the patient from the aggressive and agitated behaviour , calmed them , reduced perception of loneliness and evoked feelings of happiness .
Furthermore , an American study found that children of military staff who were close to a family pet coped better with the emotional stress of having a parent deployed overseas and other difficulties .
But it seems many hospital trusts are scared of health and safety ramifications .
Concerns that furry companions spread infections and other 'myths around the dangers ' of allowing animals on wards are obstacles , according to Amanda Cheesley of the RNC .
Yet a recent study has found that being exposed to pets from a young age lowers the risk of obesity and results in fewer allergies .
Dogs in particular expose children to dirt and bacteria early in life , which creates early immunity , found scientists at the University of Alberta , in Canada .
The Swedish security service SAPO accused Russia on Wednesday of using as many as one-third of its diplomatic staff in the Scandinavian country for clandestine intelligence gathering .
Offering an unusual glimpse into the hush-hush world of counter-espionage , SAPO chief analyst Wilhelm Unge described the Russian spies as `` highly educated and often younger than during the Soviet era . They are driven , goal-oriented and socially competent . ''
Naming Russia as `` the biggest intelligence threat against Sweden , followed by Iran and China , '' he said SAPO last year stopped several attempts by Russia to obtain Swedish technology for military purposes . He declined to give specifics .
The Russian Embassy did n't answer an email seeking comment to the Swedish charges .
SAPO warned last year that Russia had stepped up its political , economic and military espionage in Sweden — which is n't a NATO member but cooperates closely with the alliance — amid deteriorating relations with the West over the Ukraine crisis .
`` There are hundreds of Russian intelligence officers around Europe and the West . They violate our territory every day , '' Unge told reporters at SAPO headquarters in Solna , just outside Stockholm , at the launch of the agency 's annual report .
`` What 's notable is that about one-third of the Russian diplomatic personnel are in reality not diplomats but intelligence officers , '' he said .
`` Why do n't we send them out ? '' he asked . `` Counter-espionage comes with the complication that we 're following other governments . This becomes politics directly . So we do n't own the decisions of who should or should n't be in Sweden . That 's up to the government . ''
The Foreign Ministry , which accredits foreign diplomats in Sweden , declined to say whether they shared SAPO 's assessment or whether any Russian diplomats had been expelled in the past year .
`` We expect Russia to respect the Vienna Convention and that their diplomats are actually diplomats , '' Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Anna Ekberg said .
Game of Clones is a British dating reality show that has contestants describe the physical attributes of their perfect man/woman in great detail and then choose between several candidates that all look and dress the same . Apparently , the idea this new show is trying to promote is that it ’ s what ’ s inside that counts .
When it comes to the physical appearance of their perfect date , everyone has a type . Channel 4 ’ s new dating reality show Game of Clones , gives singletons access the latest avatar building technology to virtually create their perfect partner , down to the tiniest details . Height , hairstyle , hair color , eye color , build , skin pigment , you name it they will enter it in a software and create your perfect partner based on your preferences .
Once you ’ re satisfied with their rendition of your fantasy , Game of Clones will scour the UK in search of eight people that fit your description and closely resemble each other , dress them all in the exact same clothes and put them all in a house with you for several weeks . With all contestants essentially being doppelgangers , it ’ s assumed that looks are no longer a criteria for selection , so participants will have to gradually eliminate seven of the eight candidates based on their personalities .
“ It sounds like any singleton ’ s dream , to create your perfect partner in avatar form and then get to live with eight of them , ” said David Flynn , co-founder of Youngest Media , the company that came up with the concept for the unique dating show . “ However with looks out of the equation our singleton will have to work hard to uncover the personality they ’ re most attracted to . It ’ s a whole new twist on the dating show genre . ”
The whole doppelganger is really the only thing that sets this show apart from your usual dating TV shows . Participants go through the same type of speed-dating rounds , spending a limited time with each of the candidates to discover their personalities . And , at the end of each week , they will have to send one of the “ clones ” home , until only three finalists remain . So it ’ s more of the same but the candidates all look the same .
Game of Clones debuts on February 27 , on E4 .
Chinawill stage a grand parade on Thursday in Tian'anmen Square to mark the 70th anniversary of victory in the Chinese People 's War of Resistance against Japanese Aggression ( 1937-45 ) and the end of World War II .
More than 12,000 military personnel as well as veterans and their descendants will participate in the event . Seventeen foreign military teams will also take part .
This will be China 's 15th military parade since the founding of New China in 1949 .
More than 500 pieces of the PLA 's latest ground and naval equipment as well as nearly 200 advanced aircraft will be displayed , 84 percent of which have never been viewed by the public , according to the PLA Parade Joint Command .
What will be one of the biggest attractions during the parade are new-generation strategic missiles from the PLA second artillery corps , said Gao Zhuo , a military observer in Shanghai .
`` The corps will display seven types of missiles during the event , more than any previous parades . The world 's only anti-ship ballistic missiles such as the DF-21 's latest variant are likely to appear in the parade , '' he said . `` They will be our most effective weapons in anti-carrier operations . ''
He also noted the DF-26 , an intermediate-range ballistic missile that will be made pubic on Thursday , fills the vacancy of an intermediate-range projection platform in the PLA 's missile arsenal .
According to an article on the Popular Science website , the DF-26 fills a gap between the smaller DF-21 medium-range ballistic missile and the DF-31 and DF-41 intercontinental ballistic missile . The article said the weapon was solid-fueled and transported on a 12-wheel transporter-erector-launcher vehicle for quick off-road launches .
In addition to strategic missiles , another weapon that will be worth paying attention to in the parade is the YJ-12 heavy-duty , supersonic anti-ship missile , said Qin Zhen , executive editor of Ordnance Knowledge magazine .
With its ultrafast speed and long striking range , the weapon is capable of penetrating a carrier battle group 's air defense network and can use sea-skimming maneuvers to avoid interception when approaching the target , according to Qin .
`` If a 100,000-metric ton aircraft carrier is hit by two YJ-12s , the ship will lose combat capability because no aircraft will be able to take off from the deck , '' Qin said .
Fu Qianshao , an aviation equipment expert with the PLA air force , suggested spectators can enjoy the world 's longest colored vapor trails set to be made by J-10 fighter jets from the PLA August 1st Air Demonstration Team as the formations fly over Tian'anmen Square .
`` The trails will stretch for as long as 9.1 km , covering the main section of Chang'an Avenue from China World Towers in the east to Fuxingmen Bridge in the west , '' he said .
At the end of the parade , aviation fans can expect to see the world 's largest group of helicopters that has ever been shown in a parade , he said .
That ’ s right , 1000 big ones just for showing up for a job interview . In a climate where many people are struggling to get their foot in the door this seems almost too good to be true .
But it is true . Midas Media , located in Melton Mowbrey in the East Midlands , are taking the unique step of paying anybody who attends a job interview with them ￡1,000 . What legends eh ? The job would be working in digital marketing .
The reason for their generosity is all down to the location . We spoke to Ed Leake , the companies Managing Director and he told us :
“ If we were in London , Manchester , or Brighton we would have landed someone by now . We put the job out there and didn ’ t receive any applications for a month and a half . ”
“ After thinking outside the box a little and coming up with the ￡1,000 scheme we have started to see more interest . It ’ s all gone a little bit crazy , we ’ ve been on the BBC and even on TV in Canada . ”
Melton Mowbray may have been the stumbling block , but this is the place that is famous for the porkpie . What more could you ask for ?
And for those who could do with an extra grand in your back pocket but don ’ t fancy the relocation .
Unfortunately , it won ’ t be as easy as that . Midas Media will be conducting phone interviews first and only those who are successful in progressing to a face to face interview , during which they will have to submit a future plan , will be paid the ￡1,000 .
Still , if you are interested in the role this could be the most rewarding job interview you ever attend .
A boss that pays you for attending the job interview , that ’ s the kind of boss we want to be working for !
Ever wanted superpowers ?
Researchers have unveiled a new type of sensor that could give humans the ability to detect magnetic fields .
It works in the same way as bacteria , insects and even vertebrates like birds and sharks detect magnetic fields for orientation and navigation .
Humans are , however , unable to perceive magnetic fields naturally .
Dr. Denys Makarov and his team have developed an electronic skin with a magneto-sensory system that equips the recipient with a `` sixth sense '' able to perceive the presence of static or dynamic magnetic fields .
`` These ultrathin magnetic sensors with extraordinary mechanical robustness are ideally suited to be wearable , yet unobtrusive and imperceptible for orientation and manipulation aids . '' adds Prof. Oliver G. Schmidt , who is the director of the Institute for Integrative Nanosciences at the IFW Dresden .
It is hoped they could be used for navigation , and in robotics .
`` It could lead to wearable as imperceptible magneto-sensitive skin that enables proximity detection , navigation and touchless control , '' the researchers wrote .
The magneto-electronics are less than two micrometers thick and weights only three gram per square meter ; they can even float on a soap bubble .
The new magnetic sensors withstand extreme bending with radii of less than three micrometer , and survive crumpling like a piece of paper without sacrificing the sensor performance .
On elastic supports like a rubber band , they can be stretched to more than 270 percent and for over 1,000 cycles without fatigue .
These versatile features are imparted to the magnetoelectronic elements by their ultra-thin and –flexible , yet robust polymeric support .
'We have demonstrated an on-skin touch-less human-machine interaction platform , motion and displacement sensorics applicable for soft robots or functional medical implants as well as magnetic functionalities for electronics on the skin ' , says Michael Melzer .
`` Future electronic skin aims to mimic nature ’ s original both in functionality and appearance , '' the researchers wrote in Nature communications .
`` Electronics opens a unique path that leads beyond imitation and could equip us with unfamiliar senses .
`` These ultrathin magnetic field sensors readily conform to ubiquitous objects including human skin and offer a new sense for soft robotics , safety and healthcare monitoring , consumer electronics and electronic skin devices .
It 's the most expensive cheese in the world , produced by just one farm in Serbia , but donkey cheese could be the next cult food item .
Although incredibly rare , the cheese is being hailed as a health food thanks to its nutritional value - donkey milk is exceptionally high in protein , calcium and omega 3 fatty acids , which in turn are extremely good for maintaining cardiovascular health .
With more and more people claiming to have an intolerance to cow 's milk and cheese , the donkey alternative is becoming an increasingly attractive option .
However donkey cheese 's hefty price tag means it 's unlikely you 're going to see it on the shelves of your local Sainsbury 's any time soon - the cheese costs 880 per kilo .
Slobodan Simić is the world 's only producer of donkey cheese - he does it all on his farm in Zasavica , 50 miles west of the Serbian capital Belgrade .
Despite starting out with just 12 donkeys 16 years ago , Simić 's herd has now grown to nearly 300 . The reason the cheese , known as pule , is so expensive is that it takes 25 litres of fresh donkey milk to make a single litre of cheese .
What 's more , donkeys produce a lot less milk than cows or goats to start with .
On Simić ’ s farm , the female donkeys are milked by hand three times a day .
But the difficulty in creating cheese lies in the fact that donkey milk does n't have enough casein to coagulate - how Simić gets around this is a closely-guarded secret .
Although not many people in the world have tasted the rare cheese , it is said to be similar to Manchego with a rich , nutty , earthy flavour and a crumbly texture .
One person who is a fan of the filling cheese , however , is Novak Djokovic , who was a few years ago reported to have bought the whole supply , a claim he denied .
And if legend is to be believed , Queen Cleopatra was also a fan - she is said to have bathed in asses milk to maintain her beauty .
Donkey milk has a number of health benefits which make it superior to cow 's milk - it has 60 times as much vitamin C as the more common milk .
Donkey milk also has anti-allergen properties and is just 1 % fat .
What 's more , it 's been claimed that consuming even just a tiny amount daily can help tackle asthma and bronchitis .
But unless it becomes cheaper to produce , it 's unlikely donkey cheese is going to give the wider population a health-boost any time soon .
If you ’ ve been watching the Rio Olympic swimming events , chances are you have some questions that you may be too afraid to ask . That ’ s why we ’ ve dug up the answers to some of your top swimming questions :
1 . Why do Olympic divers use small towels ?
Why do divers at # Olympics use really small towels that I ’ d really call face cloths ?
Olympic gold medalist Laura Wilkinson explains that the name of these little towels are called shammys . The shammy , made out of rayon or poly-vinyl , can hold a lot of water and dry quickly , the former US diver reveals .
Divers use shammys in between dives to dry off . Shammys come in handy in between dives because it helps keep your hands and legs dry , and prevents the diver from losing grip when competing .
“ It becomes a habit that you do before every dive . It ’ s kind of like our safety blanket , ” Wilkinson says .
2 . Why do Olympic divers get into the hot tub after competing ?
During the summer 2012 Olympics , The Washington Post ’ s Jennifer LaRue Huget asked former diver and sports psychology professor David Feigley why some Olympic divers dip in the hot tub after diving . It ’ s simply because the water in the diving pool is chilly ( which divers don ’ t like ) and the hot tub allows them to warm up , relax and focus , he explains .
3 . Why are there lifeguards at Olympic pools ?
You may think there is zero chance of Olympic swimmers needing lifeguards . But it ’ s necessary , according to a New York Times interview with Danielle Martelote , the lifeguard supervisor at the Olympic Aquatics Stadium . She mentions potential situations they would be needed in , such as if swimmers have debilitating cramps , heart attacks and head-crunching collisions into the wall .
Additionally , a Brazilian law requires lifeguards to be on-site at any swimming pool larger than 20 feet by 20 feet .
“ It ’ s a one-in-a-million type of event , but we ’ re prepared , ” Anderson Fertes , one of the lifeguards , told The New York Times .
4 . What are the red circles on swimmers ’ bodies ?
According to USA Today , the suction of the cups , sometimes heated , is said to enhance blood flow . Whatever the effect , it seemed to work for the heavily decorated swimming god .
5 . Why do Olympic swimmers splash water on themselves before they swim ?
You may have noticed that some Olympic divers splash water onto themselves before competing . American swimmer Breeja Larson tweeted “ Your mouth feels parched before races a lot of the time . That ’ s why we splash , ” according a New York Times article published during the London 2012 Olympics . Splashing water can also help swimmers acclimatize to the cold water .
6 . Why do swimmers wear two caps ?
The first reason is that the two caps ensure your goggles will stay secure . The second reason isn ’ t as obvious . According to Salo , “ the outer silicone cap better maintains the shape and does not wrinkle as much , thereby causing less drag. ” The inner cap is generally latex .
CEO Dan Price took a 90 % pay cut and slashed his company 's profits just so he could give his employees a raise .
Price , who heads up the Seattle payment processing firm Gravity Payments that he founded , has pledged to make sure all of his staffers make at least $ 70,000 annually in the next three years .
To do that he 's cutting his $ 1 million salary to $ 70,000 , and dipping into the firm 's annual $ 2 million in profits .
This will double the pay of about 30 of his workers and will mean significant raises for an additional 40 .
Price told employees of the new pay policy at a meeting Monday . For several moments there was stunned silence before people broke into applause and high fives said Phillip Akhavan , a merchants relations worker whose $ 43,000 salary immediately jumped 16 % to $ 50,000 .
`` It took us a moment to understand what he was saying , '' said Akhavan . His first call was to his wife , who he said did n't believe him at first .
Nydelis Ortiz , a 25-year old underwriter who only started work there in January called her parents with the news . The family had struggled with homelessness after they moved to the states from Puerto Rico when she was a girl , and Ortiz , who also is now paid $ 50,000 said she now makes more than both her parents combined .
`` My mom cried when I told her , '' she said . Her $ 36,000 salary was one of the lowest in the company .
Jason Byrd , 38 , had struggled to get by in Seattle on his $ 40,000 salary as a technician . `` This gives us so much freedom to just do our jobs and not have to worry about money , '' he said . He said he 'll save some of his extra pay , and try to pay down some of the $ 42,000 he owes in student loans . `` I almost bought a new Jeep today , then I decided I 'll keep driving this one until it dies , '' he said .
Price said he 's the majority owner of the privately-held firm , which he started in his college dorm room 11 years ago . His older brother , who gave him seed money to get started , is the only other stockholder .
`` My brother Lucas reacted with caution and questions , but not objections , '' said Price . He 's single so he did n't have to explain his pay cut to a spouse .
Price decided to hike his employees pay after he read a study about happiness . It said additional income can make a significant difference in a person 's emotional well being up to the point when they earn $ 75,000 a year .
He 'd also been hearing employees talk about the challenges of finding housing and meeting other expenses on their current salary , and decided there should n't be such a big gap between his pay as CEO and that of his workers . He described the raises as a `` moral imperative . ''
Price told CNNMoney he is n't the only CEO looking to close the income gap . He 's heard from almost 100 other CEO via email and text who say they support his move . `` I do n't know if we 'll see enough to move the needle , but i think people of my generation are committed to making a change . ''
Price said he 'll stick with the reduced paycheck until he can restore Gravity 's profits .
`` My goal is to get back to previous profit levels within two to three years , '' he said .
Price said the 50 workers who already earn more than $ 70,000 were nearly as excited about the news as their lower paid co-workers .
Customer reaction has also been positive .
`` They love our service level and think the team deserves it , '' he said .
One thing he did n't expect : `` We are all surprised at the coverage this is getting , '' Price said .
News of Price 's pay cut was reported earlier by the New York Times .
Congress may seek to cut the pension of Barack Obama following his decision to accept a $ 400,000 fee for an upcoming speech to Wall Street executives .
During his time in the White House , Mr Obama vetoed a bill that would have capped the retirement funds of former presidents should they accept large sums of outside income .
Now that Mr Obama himself meets those criteria , Republican sponsors of the bill have said they will revive the legislation and hope that President Donald Trump signs it into law .
`` The Obama hypocrisy on this issue is revealing , '' Jason Chaffetz , the Republican chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee and sponsor of the 2016 bill told USA Today . `` His veto was very self-serving . ''
Mr Chaffetz , and Jodi Ernst , a Republican senator from Iowa , who sponsored the companion bill in the Senate , have announced that they will re-introduce the Presidential Allowance Modernization Act this month .
The bill would caps presidential pensions at $ 200,000 , plus the same for expenses . But those payments would be reduced dollar-for-dollar once their outside income exceeds $ 400,000 .
When it was first introduced last year , Mr Obama vetoed the legislation on the basis that it would force former presidents to fire their support staff .
Mr Obama said that capping the expenses at this amount would cripple the initiatives of several former presidents , forcing them to lay off staff , and cancel office leases .
Currently the General Services Administration must provide `` suitable office space , appropriately furnished and equipped '' .
The total cost of maintaining and staffing those offices currently ranges from $ 430,000 for former president Jimmy Carter to $ 1.1 million for former president George W. Bush , according to a report by the Congressional Research Service cited by USA Today .
The 2017 spending bill approved by Congress this week contained nearly $ 3.9 million to fund all the former presidents until the 30th September .
Mr Trump has not commented on the legislation . But during the campaign , he said he 'd take a close look at pensions for elected officials .
Mr Obama and Michelle , his wife , have already signed a publishing deal for two separate books that combined is worth $ 65 million according to the Financial Times .
The former president has drawn fierce criticism for accepting the speaking engagement at the investment firm Cantor Fitzgerald 's health care conference in September .
Bernie Sanders , the Democratic senator from Vermont , called the decision `` distasteful '' .
A spokesman for Mr Obama dismissed the idea that in accepting the fee Mr Obama was compromising his principles .
`` As we announced months ago , President Obama will deliver speeches from time to time , '' Eric Schultz , a senior adviser to Obama , said in a statement Wednesday .
`` Some of those speeches will be paid , some will be unpaid , and regardless of venue or sponsor , President Obama will be true to his values , his vision , and his record . ''
`` With regard to this or any speech involving Wall Street sponsors , I 'd just point out that in 2008 , Barack Obama raised more money from Wall Street than any candidate in history -- and still went on to successfully pass and implement the toughest reforms on Wall Street since Franklin D Roosevelt , '' he added .
Less painful than the ice bucket challenge and more flattering than the no make-up selfie , the watermelon dress is the latest photo craze to hit social media .
All you need to partake is a watermelon , a cutting utensil and a cheery pose - assuming you already have the phone and the Instagram account .
Fans of the # watermelondress hashtag have been showing off their handiwork , carving couture frocks out of the green and red tropical fruit . And thanks to a little perspective , the illusion somehow works .
How does it work ? Simple ... the person charged with taking the photo simply holds the tiny juicy dress - cut from the skin and flesh of the fruit - close to the lens to create the illusion that the person in the background is wearing it .
There are snaps of babies gurgling in what looks like a pink smock , men wearing full A-line skirts and ladies looking lovely in off-the-shoulder numbers .
The genius of the watermelon dress appears to be the fact that the fruit 's green skin makes a perfect hemline , and the easily-cut flesh can be shaped as you desire , with sharp lines and soft edges both popular .
It is n't clear where exactly the trend began but it looks set to be the must-have snap of the summer , which is likely to be music to the ears of greengrocers everywhere .
`` Hello , can you hear me ? '' sang Adele to the world . And the world answered : yes , and we 're watching you too . Many many times .
Adele 's video for new single Hello has broken Taylor 's Swift 's records for the most views on Vevo in 24 hours . The clip accumulated 27.7m views in its first day online , beating the 20.1m views that Swift 's Bad Blood and its star-studded cast of celebrities attracted in its first 24 hours .
Teased with a 30-second clip in the ad break of Sunday 's UK X Factor , Hello went viral when the full video was released on Friday , along with details of the singer 's forthcoming third album 25 , which she says will be a `` a make up album '' .
The video was filmed in Montreal and directed by French Canadian film-maker Xavier Dolan , who said there was an instant connection when he first met the singer in London .
`` We chatted about our lives and our loves and our romances , '' Dolan told Entertainment Weekly . `` It was so much about who we were . We had so much in common . Basically , all of her songs are revolving around the theme of unrequited love and so are my movies . ''
Adele has yet to beat Swift 's other Vevo record , the 1.2bn views the Blank Space video has accumulated to make it the service 's all-time most watched video , although Hello has already clocked up an admirable 82m views and counting .
The single is also set to break sales records , shifting 165,000 copies in three days including 156,000 downloads in the UK and 450,000 US downloads in 48 hours .
Reviewing the song , Alexis Petridis wrote : `` Adele sounds great : she sells the song without over-singing it , leaving the melismatic vocal fireworks to the inevitable spate of X Factor cover versions ... Hello underlines what we already know : [ 25 ] is clearly going to be enormous . ''
Adele will perform Hello on Saturday Night Live on 21 November , a day after the release of her album .
City officials in Berlin are hoping to solve the problem of lengthy female toilet queues by introducing gender-neutral urinals .
In a 99-page policy document titled 'The Toilet Concept for Berlin ' , the left-wing coalition governing the German capital committed itself to pissoirs - public urinals - for both men and women .
The paper explains : 'In the future urinals which can be used by all genders should be offered . '
It was justified as an enterprise because it represented a 'continuation of the [ toilet ] concept and an opportunity for Berlin to show that it is innovative ' , according to a translation on the BBC .
Other features to be included in the German toilet of the future are a well-lit exterior , an emergency alarm , gender-neutral signs and clear visibility at the entrance .
But were the urinals to go ahead , they would not be the first in the world to cater to women as well as men .
Earlier in the year , a woman in Switzerland posted a tweet after using a female pissoir in a theatre in Winterthur , which is in Zurich canton .
She said she 'd 'tried and tested ' the novel facility , adding : 'That is something ' .
But she did add the hashtags 'fail ' and 'Hifle ' ( help ) to her tongue-in-cheek post .
Meanwhile Professor Mete Demiriz of Gelsenkirchen University said that because women often flush the loo three times during a visit , gender-neutral urinals could save water .
He told the website jetzt that a design team of his is working on a pissoir with a cubicle and a door .
It is also lower down and allows the woman to have her back against the wall .
The Living Mona Lisa project uses artificial intelligence ( AI ) to transform the oil painting into a living , moving work of art .
While it does not perhaps tell us anything new about the woman in the painting – thought to be Lisa Gherardini – it perhaps lets viewers see her as da Vinci did while she posed for him .
The living painting uses motion sensing devices to pick up movements in the room , triggering reactions and 'mood ' changes in the digital Mona Lisa .
Unlike the original painting , which hangs in the Louvre museum in Paris , art lovers will also be able to take home their own digital living Mona Lisa for themselves .
The team behind the project , which consisted of 40 technicians and artists , plan to produce digital Mona Lisas in a variety of sizes and formats , including miniature versions that can be placed on pendants .
To create their digital version of the painting , the team first used specialised computer software to capture a three dimensional wire frame image of the portrait .
They used computer technology that aims to mimic real-life movement so that when the figure moves , it appears to do so in three dimensions .
They have combined this with the kind of motion sensing and facial recognition devices used on video game consoles .
This allows the digital painting to tell when a viewer is looking directly at it . When no one is looking , the painting poses in profile as if lost in thought .
However , when the view looks directly at the digital Mona Lisa , it offers a slightly questioning smile .
Pele married for the third time last month when he wed long time girlfriend Marcia Cibele Aoki , a 50-year-old businesswoman .
They first met in an elevator in New York in 1980 and bumped into each other again in Sao Paolo years later .
He was previously married for 12 years to Rosemeri Cholbi , with whom he had three children and in 1994 he made singer Assiria Nascimento his wife . They had twin sons during their 14-year marriage but divorced in 2008 .
Many people dream of getting married , but for one terminally ill girl , it really was her dying wish .
Five-year-old Eileidh Paterson from Forres , Scotland , was diagnosed with neuroblastoma , a rare childhood cancer that develops in nerve tissues , at the age of two .
Under 100 children in the UK are affected each year according to the NHS , and the cause is unknown . Neuroblastoma makes up about eight percent of the total number of children ’ s cancers , according to Macmillan cancer support .
When Eileidh and her family discovered her cancer was terminal , she set about writing a list of everything she wanted to do .
“ When we were told in February that any treatment now would just prolong her life and that ultimately she wouldn ’ t survive , we decided to make a bucket list of things she would love to do and make as many memories as possible , ” Eileidh ’ s mother , Gail Paterson , told CBS News .
A trip to Disneyland Paris , painting her bedroom pink and visiting the zoo all feature , but perhaps the sweetest of all was Eileidh ’ s top wish : to marry her best friend , six-year-old Harrison Grier .
And he was just as keen : “ Harrison has said for over a year that he was going to marry her , ” Paterson said . “ He even ‘ borrowed ’ one of his mum ’ s rings to give to her . ”
“ The two of them just have this magical bond , ” Harrison ’ s mother Stephanie Grier said . “ Harrison has always said that he loves her and that he wanted to marry her . ”
The ceremony took place on June 18 at the Aberdeen Exhibition and Conference Centre , and was organised in just a month by Zara Grant , the managing editor of children ’ s entertainment company , Love Rara .
Eileidh was walked into the room by her older brother , Callum , to the sound of Disney ’ s When You Wish Upon a Star .
The couple met at the end of the aisle and were declared “ best friends forever , ” surrounded by friends , family , princesses and superheroes .
Instead of rings , Eileidh and Harrison exchanged St Christopher necklaces to signify the journey they ’ d been on .
“ When I saw that this was on her list , I had to find a way to make it happen , ” Grant told Inside Edition . “ It was amazing to see the community come together so quickly to donate their time and services to the event . ”
At the ceremony , Grant read a fairy tale of Eileidh ’ s battle , written by her mother . In the story , Eileidh was a princess who would “ stop at nothing to survive , ” despite the “ evil beast ” ( her cancer ) trying to defeat her .
“ It took her hair but it couldn ’ t take her smile , ” Paterson wrote .
Around 30 people attended the wedding and more than 200 joined them to celebrate at the party .
“ These are going to be lasting memories , ” Paterson said .
“ I cried a little bit , but managed to stop myself , ” Grier added . “ It was such a beautiful day . ”
“ Anything we can do to make her life that little bit easier , comfier and most importantly magical , then we owe that to her , ” Paterson said . “ She most certainly deserves it . Eileidh is the bravest little girl in the world and is definitely a superhero . ”
A campaign to make young people think twice before snapping selfies in dangerous situations has been launched by the Russian government .
The interior ministry 's Safe Selfie campaign is a response to a spate of incidents in which youngsters were seriously injured , or in some cases killed , while trying to take pictures of themselves , the Izvestia newspaper reports . The campaign 's motto is : `` Even a million 'likes ' on social media are not worth your life and well-being . ''
An illustrated booklet has been issued warning people about dangerous selfie scenarios , including snapping a photo while halfway up an electricity pylon , standing in front of an oncoming train , or while in the company of a wild animal . Police officers will also hold selfie-safety lessons at schools , according to the ministry .
The authorities say several recent incidents involving young people could have been avoided . In May , a 21-year-old woman survived accidentally shooting herself in the head while posing for a selfie with a gun inMoscow . There have also been several cases of children being electrocuted while taking selfies on top of railway carriages .
`` Today technical advances do not stand still , but with all the advantages there are new challenges and threats , '' ministry official Yelena Alekseyeva told reporters during the campaign 's launch on Tuesday . `` Our booklet reminds you of how to take a safe selfie , so it is not the last one you will ever take . ''
Dog owners feeling guilty for leaving their pets alone at home for too long will son be able to take comfort in the fact that at least the animals won ’ t be bored . They ’ ll be too busy changing TV channels and enjoying their favorite shows thanks to the world ’ s first dog-friendly remote control .
UK-based pet food brand Wagg apparently surveyed a number of pet owners and found that 91 % of respondents said their canine friends regularly watch TV with them . Inspired by this interesting finding , the company teamed up with Ilyena Hirskyj-Douglas , an expert in animal computer interaction design at the University of Central Lancashire , to create the world ’ s first remote control for dogs . They came up with a prototype for the ingenious device which is currently in a trial and analysis period .
The oversized remote is made of waterproof hard-wearing plastic , so while pooches can chew on it like any other toy , they ’ ll have a tough time actually causing any damage . It has three large , raised , paw-friendly buttons shaped like a bone , paw and ball which dogs can press to turn the TV on or off , change the channel and even “ pawse ” a show for later viewing , in case they need a potty break or a short nap . The buttons squeak when pressed and the device also features a hole through which a rope can be tied so dogs can carry it around the house .
“ We know that people can feel a little guilty about leaving their dogs in a room alone for a short while — whether it ’ s to pop to the shops or cook dinner in the kitchen , ” said Wagg spokesman Dan Reeves . “ We wanted to create something that would keep the dog entertained and reassure owners of their well-being . ”
A remote control was apparently their best bet since research shows that canines are really into watching TV . “ Our studies shows the average dog now watches more than nine hours of TV a week , showing technology is already playing a huge part in our pets ’ lives , ” Ilyena Hirskyj-Douglas told the Sunday People .
After Wagg performs all its tests and perfects the dog-friendly TV remote control , the company plans to approach tech companies about getting the device into production . So you on your canine pet may soon be fighting over control of your TV set .
Justin Bieber has cancelled the rest of his Purpose World Tour because of `` unforeseen circumstances '' , his publicist has said .
`` Due to unforeseen circumstances , Justin Bieber will cancel the remainder of the Purpose World Tour concerts . Justin loves his fans and hates to disappoint them . He thanks his fans for the incredible experience of the Purpose World Tour over last 18 months . He is grateful and honored to have shared that experience with his cast and crew for over 150 successful shows across 6 continents during this run . However , after careful consideration he has decided he will not be performing any further dates . Tickets will be refunded at point of purchase . ''
The move will affect 14 dates in Asia and North America over the next three months .
Bieber has performed more than 150 shows since the tour promoting his 2015 album Purpose began in March 2016 .
The tour grossed $ 93.2m in the first half of 2017 , with an average of almost 40,000 ticket sales per date .
The singer himself has not yet commented on the decision on social media .
Most of Bieber 's remaining dates were in the US , but he was also due to play in Japan , Hong Kong , the Philippines , Singapore and Indonesia .
Chinese officials said last week that the Canadian pop star had been banned from the Chinese mainland because he had engaged in what they described as `` bad behaviour '' .
Bieber 's decision comes a few weeks after British singer Adele cancelled the last two shows of her world tour on medical advice after damaging her vocal cords .
The US and UK are banning laptops from cabin baggage on flights from certain countries in the Middle East and North Africa , as well as Turkey .
The US ban on electronic devices larger than a smartphone is being imposed as an anti-terrorist precaution .
The US ban applies to 10 airports in eight Muslim-majority countries . It covers inbound flights on nine airlines . Phones are not affected .
The British ban , announced hours after the American measure , is similar but applies to different airlines .
Downing Street said airline passengers on 14 carriers would not be able to carry laptops in cabin luggage on inbound direct flights from Turkey , Lebanon , Jordan , Egypt , Tunisia and Saudi Arabia .
The Turkish government said the US ban was wrong and should be reversed .
Large electronic devices will still be allowed on board in checked baggage .
Canadian Transport Minister Marc Garneau said his country was also considering restrictions on electronics in the cabins of planes .
Which flights are affected ?
The nine airlines affected by the US ban :
Royal Jordanian , EgyptAir , Turkish Airlines , Saudi Arabian Airlines , Kuwait Airways , Royal Air Maroc , Qatar Airways , Emirates , Etihad Airways
The 14 Carriers affected by the UK ban :
British Airways , EasyJet , Jet2.com , Monarch , Thomas Cook Airlines , Thomson Airways , Turkish Airlines , Pegasus Airways , Atlas-Global Airlines , Middle East Airlines , EgyptAir , Royal Jordanian , Tunis Air , Saudi Arabian Airlines
The airlines included in the US decision have been given a deadline of 07:00 GMT on Saturday to impose the ban , officials said , adding that the restriction had no end date .
However , an Emirates spokeswoman told Reuters news agency the airline understood that the US directive would come into effect on 25 March and remain valid until 14 October 2017 .
Why now ?
The restriction is based , we are told , on `` evaluated intelligence '' , BBC security correspondent Frank Gardner writes .
That means that US intelligence has either intercepted discussion of a possible extremist plot or has been passed word of one by a human informant .
The Middle Eastern and North African airports affected are nearly all ones with close , friendly relations with Washington , so this will be seen by some as a drastic and unpopular measure . Wealthy Gulf Arab business leaders flying to the US , for example , will no longer be able to work on their laptops mid-flight .
But aviation security experts were alarmed by an incident in Somalia last year when the insurgent group al-Shabaab smuggled an explosive-filled laptop on a flight out of Mogadishu , blowing a hole in the side of the plane . The aircraft was still low enough that the pilot was able to land the plane safely .
How is the ban being justified ?
In a statement , the DHS cited attacks on planes and airports over the past two years .
Bombs , it said , had been hidden in such items as a soft drink can , in the downing of a Russian airliner over Egypt in October 2015 with the loss of 224 lives , and the laptop used in the unsuccessful Somali attack last year .
`` Evaluated intelligence indicates that terrorist groups continue to target commercial aviation , to include smuggling explosive devices in various consumer items , '' the DHS said .
A British Government spokesperson said : `` The additional security measures may cause some disruption for passengers and flights , and we understand the frustration that will cause , but our top priority will always be to maintain the safety of British nationals . ''
Will the ban be effective ?
Turkish Transport Minister Ahmet Arslan told reporters the ban was `` not a right move '' .
`` We particularly emphasise how this will not benefit the passenger and that reverse steps or a softening should be adopted , '' he added .
Philip Baum , editor in chief of Aviation Security magazine , told the BBC : `` If we can not , in 2017 , distinguish between a laptop that contains an IED ( improvised explosive device ) and one that does not , then our screening process is completely flawed .
`` And encouraging people to check laptops , and other such items , into the luggage hold simply makes the challenge even harder . Cabin baggage can , at least , be inspected piece by piece and the accompanying passenger questioned . ''
Simon Calder , travel editor of the UK 's Independent newspaper , suggested the British ban would affect travellers differently because it included budget flights .
`` It 's easy for the Americans , they do n't have as many flights as us coming in and furthermore they do n't have things like low-cost flights where I 'm not going to pay to check in a bag , '' he told the BBC .
`` And suddenly I 've got my laptop , I 'm going to have to put that in a little bag and hand it in . Oh , and by the way , good news for petty thieves all over the airports of the world because lots of rich pickings are going to be around . ''
Clutching the Wimbledon trophy as he recovers in an ice bath , Andy Murray posted this picture of himself to Facebook after celebrating his second title at SW19 with a straight sets win over Canadian Milos Raonic .
The Scot broke into tears after clinching the final point as the emotion overcame him and the crowd erupted with joy all around him .
He won the match 6-4 , 7-6 , 7-6 and was rarely troubled as he put in a dominant display , matching Raonic 's big service game with plenty of aces of his own .
After the final he thanked the crowd for their supporting , including Prime Minister David Cameron , who was roundly booed as Murray tried to laugh off the audience reaction .
Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge were in the Royal Box cheering on Murray alongside a host of celebrities including Benedict Cumberbatch , Lily James , Hugh Grant and Bradley Cooper .
And his spectacular victory promoted Conservative MP Andrew Percy to say that he would 'fully support ' Murray receiving a knighthood .
Mr Percy , MP for Brigg and Goole , said : 'I would fully support him getting a knighthood . '
He told The Sun : 'He has cheered the nation up after the failure of our footballers . It 's taken a Scot to cheer Britain up . '
Speaking after the match , Murray said the victory was 'extra special ' because of the 'tough losses ' he has endured at Wimbledon over the years .
Murray became the first Brit to compete in 11 Grand Slam finals , eclipsing the previous record set by Fred Perry 80 years ago .
Chinese tech companies have sparked controversy on social media after choosing to motivate their male employees by hiring 'programming cheerleaders ' .
The 'pretty , talented ' girls are hired to 'create a fun work environment ' for employees of internet companies across the country , according to a social media website in China .
'Their job includes buying programmers breakfast , chitchatting and playing ping-pong with them , ' the post said .
An HR manager of one of the companies that apparently hired three of the 'cheerleaders ' told that their programmers were 'mostly male and terrible at socialising . '
'The presence of these girls have greatly improved their job efficiency and motivation , ' the HR manager said .
The response on social media to the pictures has been less positive .
'Or you know , hire some women who code . Oh wait , that would be too intimidating for the man-children there , right ? ' One Facebook user wrote .
'How about the female coders ? Do they get some men ? ' Another said .
Grinning cheekily in his father 's arms , Prince George ca n't resist monkeying around in this previously unseen photograph issued to mark his second birthday tomorrow .
The picture was taken by celebrated fashion photographer Mario Testino at his little sister Princess Charlotte 's christening earlier this month .
The snap shows doting father Prince William and his son in the gardens at Sandringham House , the Queen 's private residence in Norfolk .
A spokesman for Kensington Palace said : 'This photograph captures a very happy moment on what was a special day for The Duke and Duchess and their family . They are very pleased to share this picture as they celebrate Prince George 's second birthday . '
Unlike his first birthday , which was marked with a party at Kensington Palace with his great-grandmother , the Queen , as guest of honor , and a tuneful rendition of 'Happy Birthday ' by the band of the Irish Guards , this year 's celebrations will be significantly more low key .
The mischievous toddler , who is third in line to the throne , will still enjoy all the trimmings – a cake and a visit from his doting grandparents , Michael and Carole Middleton , as well as a host of little friends and godparents - at his parents ' country retreat , Anmer Hall . But the event is intended to be very much a 'private ' family celebration as his parents , William and Kate , embark on a new life together at their grand new Norfolk home .
Sadly the little prince 's grandfather , Prince Charles , wo n't be able to attend as he and his wife , the Duchess of Cornwall , are currently on a three-day official trip to the West Country . But he and Camilla plan to travel up to Sandringham at the end of the week with gifts for their lively grandson , the Mail understands .
Although she has the help of a housekeeper and a nanny as well as her family , Kate has apparently been determined to do much of the organizing herself .
And with her mother , Carole , running one of the country 's most successful online party goods companies – which helpfully sells a range of 2nd birthday-themed balloons , banners , sparklers and even piñatas – the day is bound to go with a swing .
Beijing 's big Chinese-character slogans , seen at many intersections and subway stations , have been criticized as creating confusion about the city 's international image .
Adding to the confusion are the many foreign-language signs , mostly in English , that include mistakes , wrong information or words that might be misunderstood , said Xu Lin , the director of China 's overseas Chinese-language teaching program who is among the nation 's political advisers now meeting in Beijing .
Slogans painted in Chinese in public places stem from the political campaigns of half a century ago . They are usually ideologically charged and do n't fit Beijing 's current identity as an open , dynamic international city , said Xu , director-general of the Confucius Institute headquarters , or Hanban , and a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference .
Xu , a scholar who has earned honorary titles from universities in many countries , said Beijing 's slogans do n't contribute to a good environment because they do n't paint an international image true to the change in the Chinese people 's everyday lives .
China 's image depends heavily on Beijing because it is host to more than 100,000 foreign residents , more than 4.2 million overseas visitors , and many multinational corporations and international businesses .
`` Some of my foreign friends have said they felt uncomfortable seeing the red banners painted with words that have different , if not negative , connotations in their home countries .
`` Others have pointed out such confusing slogans seen in public as 'Chinese Dream , Subway Dream ' . Posters and banners of this sort do n't help others understand Beijing and the country , '' Xu said .
Even worse , she added , some slogans send wrong messages , failing to convey the message about the freedom and democratic rights that the Chinese people have . Some of them even `` make China appear as if it is a country pursuing international hegemony , '' Xu said .
She proposed that the Beijing municipal government should make rules and offer guidance regarding posters and banners in public places , phasing out those that are highly ideological or confusing . `` We should learn from the successful experience of other international cities in the world . ''
Alistair Michie , adviser of the Foreign Experts Advisory Committee under the State Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs , said he agrees that the Beijing municipal government should improve the ways it boosts the city 's image and communicates with the city 's foreign residents and visitors .
`` I have often thought that the use of campaigns in English to promote 'core socialist values ' leaves a negative impression among foreign visitors , '' Michie said . `` Those words make no sense to foreigners because they do not understand the context . ''
`` Beijing , like China , has a great story to tell - but the lack of clever and creative communication means that foreigners can not get to know the reality , '' Michie added .
Ding Junjie , a professor with Communication University of China , said the problem is not only about slogans but , more important , about the way to express and communicate China 's political ideas .
`` The root cause lies in communication skills , '' Ding said . `` Some people simply use goals as content . For example , 'to build a harmonious society ' is a goal , but you have to tell a story to convey this idea instead of simply putting those words on a banner . ''
Michie added that the Chinese capital should adopt a new approach to showcasing its qualities and attracting an overseas population .
`` The municipal government should recruit a team of foreigners and let them advise it about what overseas visitors may be interested to learn , '' he said . `` And that may be vastly different from what may appeal to domestic tourists . ''
Additionally , Michie said , `` Greater attention is also needed in using foreign languages properly . ''
Japan is exploring the feasibility of forging the Olympic 2020 medals using precious metals salvaged from electronic waste .
Members of Japan 's Olympic organising committee tabled the idea to government officials and companies earlier this year , local media reports said .
Olympic host cities have traditionally obtained the metal from mining firms .
But Japan , which lacks its own mineral resources , is keen to take the theme of a sustainable future a step further .
The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) has developed strict criteria for the world 's greatest sporting event , and this extends to how the medals should be produced .
The Rio Olympics , for example , used gold that was extracted without the use of mercury and a third of the silver and bronze used came from recycled sources .
How does e-waste recycling work ?
Discarded consumer electronics such as smartphones and tablets contain small amounts of precious and rare earth metals , including platinum , palladium , gold , silver , lithium , cobalt and nickel .
Scrap cars and home appliances such as fridges and air conditioners also contain these rarer metals , along with base metals , including iron , copper , lead and zinc .
Recycling or refining companies either collect or purchase tons of this e-waste and industrial scraps . They then use chemical processes to separate the various metals .
Much of this work takes place in developing countries such as China , India and Indonesia .
Does Japan have enough for 2020 ?
Japan has one of the highest recycling rates in Asia , according to OECD data . However , this mainly applies to plastic , paper and glass .
About 650,000 tonnes of small electronics and home appliances are discarded in Japan every year , the Nikkei newspaper said . However , it is estimated that less than 100,000 tonnes is collected for recycling .
So for the 2020 Games , Japan will probably have to ask individual countries or companies to contribute towards the recycled metal collection effort .
How much metal is needed ?
The amount of metal needed will depend on the size and number of medals , since each year , they seem to get bigger and heavier .
Five new sports have also been added to the Tokyo 2020 competition , including baseball , karate , skateboarding , sport climbing and surfing .
The 2016 Rio Olympics had the largest medals of any games , weighing in at 500g each and 1cm thick in the middle .
The Brazilian Mint produced 5,130 medals in total , up from the 4,700 made by London 's Royal Mint for the 2012 Games .
How much will it cost ?
It may end up being cheaper using recycled metals than buying it on the spot market .
A little-known fact is that the gold medals are mostly made out of sterling silver and the bronze metals are mostly made out of copper .
Is n't that rather sneaky ?
The IOC minimum requirement for a gold medal is 6g of the pure yellow metal .
If the medals were made of pure gold , the overall cost would run into tens of millions of dollars .
Gold is currently about 70 times more expensive than silver . But some market experts think that may change by 2020 .
Global silver reserves continue to shrink as demand is exceeding supply and we mine only 11oz of silver for each ounce of gold , said Gregor Gregersen , the founder of Silver Bullion in Singapore .
From tripe-visaged rascal to ass-head… William Shakespeare may have been born 450 years ago today ( or thereabouts ) but he sure knew how to put someone down in style . David and Ben Crystal , authors of the Oxford Illustrated Shakespeare Dictionary , help you work out which insults to use and when !
1.Hermia calls Helena a “ painted maypole ” - presumably because she is tall , thin , and wears a lot of makeup in A Midsummer Night ’ s Dream .
2 . Maria calls Malvolio “ a time-pleaser , an affectioned ass ” - a follower of fashion and a pretentious idiot in Twelfth Night .
3 . The Welsh Captain describes Pistol as a “ rascally , scald [ scabby ] , beggarly , lousy , pragging [ show-off ] knave ” in Henry 5 .
4 . Sebastian calls the Boatswain a “ bawling , blasphemous , incharitable dog ” in The Tempest .
5 . Kent says Oswald is a “ knave , beggar , coward , pander [ pimp ] , and the son and heir of a mongrel bitch ” in King Lear .
6 . Antonio describes Claudio and Don Pedro as “ scambling , outfacing , fashion-monging boys ” - quarrelsome , bluffing , and dandified in Much Ado About Nothing .
7 . Sir Toby calls Sir Andrew “ an ass-head , and a coxcomb , and a knave , a thin-faced knave , a gull ! ” - a simpleton in Twelfth Night .
8 . Kent describes Oswald as a “ base foot-ball player ” - a game of the gutter that nobles would never dream of playing in King Lear .
9 . Prince Hal calls Falstaff a “ whoreson impudent embossed rascal ” - literally , the son of a prostitute , and moreover one who ’ s swollen or bulging out , like a boil in Henry IV Part 1 .
10 . Doll harangues the Beadle who is about to arrest her : “ thou damned tripe-visaged rascal … thou paper-faced villain ” in Henry IV Part 2 .
All these insults and much more can be found in David and Ben Crystal ’ s stunningly useful book the Oxford Illustrated Shakespeare Dictionary .
Red meat hardly seems like the perfect ingredient for delicious chocolate , but a New Zealand-based food scientist is willing to bet that his high-protein , 50 % beef chocolate recipe is going to be a hit .
Mustafa Farouk , Senior Food Technologist at Ag Research has partnered with Auckland boutique chocolate maker Devonport Chocolates to bring meat chocolate to the masses . The quirky idea of combining the two very different ingredients came to Dr. Farouk one day , while looking at ways of adding value to beef and pondering ways the staple food might be consumed in the future . Mixing beef and chocolate seemed like the perfect way for people to get proteins and other nutrients in meat , because chocolate is such a popular dessert .
So Farouk took a very lean cut from the hind quarter of a Waikato-raised bovine , turned into what he calls `` chocolate butter '' , which I assume is a sort of fine paste , and handed it over to Devonport Chocolates to use in their confectionery . The resulting combination reportedly has a consistency similar to a Turkish delight , and while the food scientist admits you can tell that it 's not regular chocolate , the taste of meat is almost impossible to pick up . In an interview with the New Zealand Herald , Farouk described the taste of beef chocolate as `` wonderful '' , adding that although people are initially put off by the unique dessert when they here it is 50 % beef , once they bite into it and taste the rich chocolate flavor , most agree that it is excellent .
`` We knew we could turn meat into different forms , but whether we could actually fool people by making it look like chocolate is what we didn ’ t know , '' Dr. Farouk said . `` When you try it now , you do n't know what you 're eating . '' He adds that it 's very easy to change the texture of beef chocolate from very smooth to a dessert that has some body , fiber to it , but from whatever feedback they have released so far , the smooth one is tastier .
Beef chocolate started out as a crazy experiment , but its creator now wants to make it commercially viable . `` Devonport are very excited about it and it 's highly likely that we 'll partner with them and try to get it into the market , '' he told Stuff.co.nz . `` And once people realise the advantages of having this , I 'm sure it will take off . '' The meat required to make this bizarre treat would cost an estimated $ 17 a kilogram , and turned into chocolates , it would retail at $ 2.50 a cube .
And this is only the beginning , as Farouk is now experimenting with lamb and venison , to see if they 'll work as well as beef . In the past , the scientist also created beef ice-cream , a dairy-free dessert he says was very tasty .
Parents in Spain are being urged to go on a weekend homework strike this month in protest against the unacceptable amount of after-school tasks their children are given .
The homework load of Spanish children has long been a sore point with some parents , who argue that the burden is too great , places too much pressure on pupils and eats into family time .
According to a 2012 study by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development , Spanish 15-year-olds have 6.5 hours of homework a week compared with an average of 4.9 across the 38 OECD countries .
The Spanish Confederation of Associations of Mothers and Fathers of Students ( Ceapa ) has decided that enough is enough and is calling on parents whose children attend Spanish state schools to boycott weekend homework in November .
`` We 've lost a bit of common sense in this country when it comes to talking about education and we 've got a system in which boys and girls free time has disappeared '' , said Jos Luis Pazos , president of Ceapa .
`` Schools are passing on tasks to families that they should n't be . ''
`` It starts with children from the ages of three to six doing half an hour 's homework every day . ''
`` For us , that 's an unacceptable situation '' . Pazos said Ceapa disagreed profoundly with the notion that children should endure huge amounts of homework in the hope that it would ensure them a better future .
`` They should be happy when they 're little and learn that life is n't just about someone telling you that you have to suffer inexplicably '' , he said , adding :
`` The model needs to change because society has changed . '' Schoolchildren have to fit their homework around the school day , which varies from region to region and school to school , but starts early from around 8am or 9am and finishes anywhere between 2pm and 5pm ( with a long lunch break ) .
However , schools are increasingly using an 8am-2pm timetable to save money and in the face of evidence that suggests the longer hours do not yield better results .
Ceapa , which represents 12,000 parents associations , said the strike had received support from both parents and some teachers .
Parents waiting to pick up their children from the Padre Coloma infant and primary school in eastern Madrid on Wednesday afternoon said finding the right balance between homework and family life was sometimes tricky .
Patricia Ruiz said her eight-year-old son would be getting five tasks this weekend , which would take him about an hour and a half - long enough to cause arguments .
`` I spend the whole day trying to get him to do his homework otherwise he 'll be punished '' , she said .
Ricky Prez , a security worker , said he thought the school was giving pupils about the right amount :
`` It 's a normal level of homework here ; they 're not doing it all day '' . Beatriz Velsquez , who works in cleaning , reckoned children now ought to be counting their blessings .
`` When I went to school , we had homework all week and at weekends about 14 hours a week [ in total ] '' , she said .
`` My children have it easier as they do n't have as much as I did , or as much as they do at other schools . ''
`` They have time to play , which is the most important thing . ''
`` They need to study , but they also need to have the time to be kids '' .A spokesman for the education department of Madrid said homework was a matter for individual schools rather than regional governments .
`` They 're the ones who know best what the need is in each case '' , he said .
`` It 's a question of autonomy : the teachers know what the needs of every student and every class are .
The social media frenzy was sparked when Saturday Night Live writer Katie Rich posted a tweet just after the swearing-in ceremony saying , `` Barron Trump will be America 's 'first homeschool shooter ' . ''
Trump supporter Melissa Earnest posted a number of responses on her Facebook page including one long defence of Barron in which she said : `` Whether you like or dislike the Trumps - this is their 10-year-old son . He is still growing and words hurt . ''
`` Do you see this child ? This child 's life was changed forever when his father was sworn in as President of the United States of America yesterday .
`` Long before his father , President Donald J Trump , was sworn in - this child became the centre of hateful online attacks . From a certain celebrity attempting to diagnose him with a neurological disorder with her degree from 'The University of Google ' to now , when a writer from Saturday Night Live decided to tweet saying that he would be the 'first homeschool shooter ' . ''
`` He is a child . He is to be respected and he is off limits ! ''
The only daughter of President Bill Clinton and Donald Trump 's challenger for the presidency , Hillary Clinton , was 13 when her father was inaugurated .
She was mocked by both talk show host Rush Limbaugh and Saturday Night Live for her appearance .
On Instagram , Julie Bowen posted pictures of Barron Trump , who seemed occasionally distracted during his father 's inauguration ceremony . She posted : `` I think Barron is on his Gameboy . Ca n't say I can blame him . ''
Her post attracted a blast of criticism with people also leaving abusive messages on another one of her Instagram posts featuring a picture of her child .
President Obama 's daughters were no strangers to social media abuse throughout their father 's terms in office .
Two years ago Sasha , then 13 , and Malia , then 16 , were advised in a Facebook post to `` try showing a little class '' .
The author was Elizabeth Lauten , a communications director for a Republican congressman who added in a reference to the length of the girls ' skirts : `` Dress like you deserve respect , not a spot at a bar . ''
In the backlash , people tweeted Ms Lauten 's boss , and the hashtag `` # FireElizabethLauten '' went viral . She posted an apology and later resigned .
Before the Obama girls , President George W Bush 's 19-year-old twin daughters Jenna and Barbara made their own international headlines when they were cited by Texas police for underage drinking in 2001 when they first went to college .
In a recent letter to Sasha and Malia , Jenna and Barbara acknowledged the pressures that come with being in the spotlight at such young age . On leaving the White House , they reflected `` You wo n't have the weight of the world on your young shoulders any more ... make mistakes - you are allowed to .
`` You have lived through the unbelievable pressure of the White House . ''
Inflation in Venezuela is expected to reach 720 percent this year , with the largest bolívar bill now worth just five US cents on the black market .
Some shopkeepers have reportedly taken to weighing rather than counting the wads of cash customers hand them , and standard-size wallets have become all but useless in the socialist South American state . Instead , many people stuff huge volumes of cash into handbags , money belts , or backpacks , in scenes analysts have said are suggestive of `` runaway '' inflation .
In 2014 , plummeting global oil prices decimated Venezuela 's economy . President Nicolás Maduro responded by fixing the official exchange rate and ordering banks to print more cash , which ultimately devalued the currency further , while goods prices soared .
The country of 30 million does not publish consumer-price data on a regular basis , but observers have said scenes on the streets of the capital , Caracas , are reminiscent of the past century 's most chaotic cases of hyperinflation .
Humberto Gonzalez , who runs a delicatessen in the city , said he uses the same scales to weigh slices of salty white cheese and the stacks of bolívar notes handed over by his customers .
`` It ’ s sad , '' Mr Gonzalez told Bloomberg . `` At this point , I think the cheese is worth more . ''
Jesus Casique , a consulting firm director , told the news site that although weighing cash was not ubiquitious , it was indicative of a financial crisis .
`` When they start weighing cash , it ’ s a sign of runaway inflation , '' he said . `` But Venezuelans don ’ t know just how bad it is because the government refuses to publish figures . ''
Oil makes up a staggering 95 percent of Venezuela 's exports , and accounts for a quarter of the country 's economy , with oil-related revenues having historically supplied roughly half the government budget . This kind of over-reliance on a single export notoriously depresses all other industries in a country , in a phenomenon known by economists as `` Dutch Disease '' .
When the price of oil on the global market collapsed by two-thirds in 2014 , Venezuela had little else to fall back on , so a natural reaction would have been for the bolívar to collapse . But Mr Maduro , who succeeded Hugo Chávez following the revolutionary leader 's death in 2013 , instead tried to control the exchange rate , creating a massive black market for currency .
Figuring out scams to get dollars and then sell them for bolívars became hugely lucrative business for Venezuelans , setting off a feedback loop that drove the inflation rate higher and higher .
In one of Caracas richer neighbourhoods , the owner of a tiny kiosk selling newspapers , cigarettes and snacks told the Washington Post that every evening he quietly stuffs a plastic bag full of the day ’ s earnings , around 100,000 bolívars ( about £42 ) in notes of 10 , 20 , 50 and 100 bolívars . Venezuela has one of the highest crime rates in the world , and he said carrying that much cash frightens him .
`` All of Caracas is unsafe , '' the 42-year-old told the newspaper , opting not to give his name .
His best-selling item is cigarettes , he said , which have climbed in price from 250 bolívars to 2,000 bolívars a pack — at least 20 bills .
The shrinking value of the currency has meant that withdrawing the equivalent of £5 from an ATM produces a fistful of more than 100 bills . Some ATMs now need to be refilled every three hours , because the machines can only hold so much cash . This means there are often a limited number of functioning ATMs in Caracas , and long queues to withdraw money .
`` Electronic payment is increasingly common in the country , '' Henkel Garcia , director of the Venezuelan economic think tank Econométrica , told the Washington Post . `` The use of online payments is likely to have soared , '' he said .
But it is expensive for small businesses to buy and set up credit-card machines .
Mr Maduro , who has largely continued the socialist policies of his predecessor , blamed the situation on an `` economic war '' waged by his opponents in the business community and in the United States . But , in a sign his government recognises the severity of the problem , he recently announced the issue of larger-denomination bills , expected in January .
The notes are reportedly set to start at 500 bolivars and reach 20,000 bolivars .
Until the notes are issued , however , the Venezuelan people are poorer than ever , while the country is awash with cash .
Bremmer Rodrigues , who runs a bakery on the outskirts of Caracas , said his family are at a loss over what to do with their bags of bills . Every day his business takes in hundreds of thousands of bolívar , he said , which he hides around his office until packing them up in boxes to deposit at the bank . He said if someone looked in on him , he might be mistaken for a drug dealer .
`` I feel like Pablo Escobar , '' the 25-year-old told Bloomberg . `` It ’ s a mountain of cash , every day more and more . ''
The first Chinese university to own an overseas branch school , Peking University will open its Oxford campus in 2018 . The unprecedented expansion has drawn attention from foreign universities and media outlets , with many predicting that the move will promote Chinese academic influence around the world .
According to an official announcement released by Peking University in March , the university 's HSBC Business School has acquired a medieval campus in Oxford from the Open University in Britain . This purchase marks the first attempt by a Chinese university to build and manage an overseas branch school . Peking University Oxford Center and Shenzhen Oxford Innovation Center will also be built in the near future to serve as a combined platform for innovation and international cooperation on higher education .
The bold move comes as the Chinese government steps up its efforts to build globally-renowned universities that lead the world in teaching quality and research . According to a blueprint released by Chinese authorities in 2016 , the country has promised to allocate 2.5 percent of the country 's gross domestic product for research and development by 2020 , while several Chinese universities are expected to improve their global rankings to attract more talent .
Several foreign media outlets , including the BBC , have reported on the initiative .
`` A leading Chinese university is to open a campus in Oxford . ''
`` Peking University HSBC Business School ( PHBS ) , set up by the university in 2002 , has bought the former Open University site in Boar 's Hill . ''
`` It said the new facility , at Foxcombe Hall just outside Oxford , would open in summer 2018 and teach students from China , the UK and the European Union . They will be given the opportunity to study for a year at the Oxford campus and another year in China . ''
Hai Wen , head of HSBC Business School , told Southcn.com that the fast development of China 's economy and scientific expertise means more and more Chinese universities will reach out to the world .
`` Our overseas school will focus on China 's finance and enterprise management . Foreign students will have the chance to study Chinese culture , economics and history , as well as to visit various enterprises and financial institutions in China . Such opportunities can not be found in any other foreign universities , '' said Hai . Hai also noted that several foreign universities have shown great interest in the new Oxford campus , including Oxford University .
According to the official website of Peking University , the Oxford campus will start enrolling students in 2018 , with a focus on recruiting students from the UK and other European countries .
It 's free and you have nothing better to do — read a book , people !
The New York Public Library announced Thursday on its website that it is launching `` Subway Library , '' a new initiative between the New York , Brooklyn and Queens Libraries , the MTA and Transit Wireless that provides straphangers with free access to hundreds of e-books `` for all ages . ''
To access the e-books , subway riders underground will connect to the free TransitWirelessWiFi on their smartphones , or other internet-able devices , and then click on the SubwayLibrary.com prompt . They 'll then have access to the `` e-books , excerpts , and short stories — all ready to read on the train . ''
The library is also promoting its e-reader app , SimplyE . `` We also hope people enjoy this taste of what we offer so much that they visit a library branch , or download SimplyE — our free e-reader app — which gives people access to NYPL 's entire collection of free e-books , '' NYPL said in a statement .
To celebrate Subway Library , there will be one train decked out on the inside with a design that mimics the interior of the NYPL 's Rose Reading Room in the Main Branch .
Titles available right now to commuters include `` Open City '' by Teju Cole , `` The Nest '' by Cynthia d'Aprix Sweeney and Patti Smith 's memoir , `` Just Kids . ''
China 's slowing economy will be at the forefront as parliament convenes for its annual meeting this week , with a weekend interest rate cut a reminder of the challenge of balancing painful restructuring with combating the onset of deflation .
Senior leaders at the National People 's Congress , which opens on Thursday , will send an unambiguous signal about the extent of the slowdown when they cut this year 's GDP growth target to around 7 percent , which would be the lowest growth in a quarter of a century .
`` The focus will be on state-owned enterprise reforms , price reforms and fiscal reforms , '' said Wang Jun , a senior economist at the China Center for International Economic Exchanges , a well-connected think-tank in Beijing .
`` The economic growth target will definitely be lowered . A target of 7 percent is more appropriate . ''
Officials are expected to argue that a lower growth target provides the opportunity to overhaul state firms , laws and the fiscal system .
They hope to transform the world 's second-largest economy away from the export- and investment-led model that powered three decades of rapid expansion into one that is driven by more sustainable domestic consumption .
But with fears of deflation rising - annual consumer inflation plumbed a five-year low of 0.8 percent in January - there is also a need to step in to support the economy , evidenced by two interest rates cuts since late November .
From ‘ heelgate ’ to the Palm Dog to the ‘ Dad bod ’ – it ’ s been a dizzying 12 days . Here are nine lessons from the film festival as it draws to a close .
1 . Cannes has a dirty underbelly
It was Somerset Maugham who said the French Riviera is “ a sunny place for shady people ” – and looking around at all the ‘ models ’ in the hotel lobbies and the men in dark sunglasses who seemed to know them , I knew what he meant . Behind the festival ’ s shiny facade , there is an unseemly side – and beneath the azure waters , a polluted mess . The French diver and environmentalist Laurent Lombard ’ s video of the Cannes seabed strewn with waste and debris went viral before the festival began . We were assured there was no danger to swimmers , and the mayor had it cleaned up according to the Daily Mail – but the Med had certainly lost some of its sparkle .
2 . The ‘ Dad bod ’ is so hot right now
3 . In Cannes , they speak English
4 . Booing isn ’ t just for pantomimes
Cannes ’ heckles and jeers are famous and the first film to fall foul of this tough crowd was Gus Van Sant ’ s Sea of Trees , which was greeted by a storm of raspberries and thunderous boos at its press screening . Because these take place before a film receives its black-tie premiere , word quickly gets around and can cast a pall over the big event . When Naomi Watts and Matthew McConaughey took their turn on the red carpet , it had “ a horrifically compelling walk-of-shame quality ” according to the Daily Telegraph . But the Texan actor put on a brave face at a press conference shortly afterwards . “ Anyone has as much right to boo as they do to ovate , ” he said . I think we know what he meant .
5 . It ’ s a dog ’ s life for the British
6 . The parties are epic – if you have the time
It was all work , work , work for the BBC Culture team and parties , alas , were few and far between . But the rest of Cannes was painting the town red . In 2013 we tried to calculate the amount of champagne consumed at the festival by contacting Piper Heidsieck , “ the official drink ” of the festival , but they declined to comment – though judging by the merry faces and staggering gaits of some on the Croisette , it ’ s safe to assume a colossal quantity . At the party for Matteo Garrone ’ s Tale of Tales on the first weekend , the champers flowed freely and the revellers stayed on until the early hours . When the BBC ’ s Rebecca Laurence spoke to one of its stars the following morning and asked how many hours sleep he ’ d had before their interview , he simply narrowed his bleary eyes and held up two fingers .
7 . Cannes ’ ‘ year of women ’ didn ’ t go so well
It was billed as the year in which female film-makers and women ’ s issues would be in the spotlight . The festival opened with a film by a female director for the first time in 28 years , Isabella Rossellini chaired the Un Certain Regard jury and Salma Hayek convened a high-profile panel to discuss the role of women in cinema . There was plenty to talk about – but had anything really changed ? The numbers seemed to speak for themselves : of the 19 films in competition , only two were directed by women . And then came ‘ Heelgate ’ – of which , more later… Faced with suggestions that the festival is sexist , artistic director Thierry Frémaux was having none of it . Cannes was being held to an unfairly high standard , he claimed , one not applied to other festivals like Venice or Berlin . His suggestion ? Instead , people should “ attack the Oscars ” .
8 . Flats are allowed on the red carpet – or are they ?
The biggest story of the festival had nothing to do with films . It was about shoes . On Tuesday trade magazine Screen reported that a group of women had been denied access to a screening of Todd Haynes ’ Carol because their footwear – flat shoes with rhinestones – was unsuitable for the red carpet . Further tales came tumbling forth , social media erupted in indignation and soon enough we were soon dealing with a fully fledgedscandale . The Cannes press office rushed out a garbled statement : “ Rules have not changed throughout the years ( Tuxedo , formal dress for Gala screenings ) and there is no specific mention about the height of the women ’ s heels as well as for men ’ s . Thus , in order to make sure that this rule is respected , the festival ’ s hosts and hostesses were reminded of it. ” Well , that cleared that up . Perhaps wisely , press screenings are exempt from any dress code : scruffy journalists are free to ascend the Palais ’ steps in flip flops and trainers .
9 . Never trust the polls
It was the lesson of the UK general election and it ’ s the big ‘ takeaway ’ from Cannes too : prediction is a mug ’ s game . All week the chatter was that Todd Haynes ’ lesbian love story Carol was set to collect the Palme d ’ Or – or that Holocaust drama Son of Saul from first-time director László Nemes would triumph . In the last few days a consensus began to form around The Assassin from Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-Hsien ; according to British bookmakers , The Lobster was the one to beat . But when Jacques Audiard ’ s Dheepan was announced as the winner , the response was a collective “ really ? ” For all the pundits , critics ’ panels , insider gossip , statistics and God knows what else , few had picked it . Oh well : c ’ est la vie .
The Queen is in line for a 6.5 % payrise and could net a cool £45.6 million from the taxpayer next year if the way she is funded stays the same .
Figures released show a total profit of £304.1 million for the Crown Estate .
If the Queen receives her Sovereign Grant calculated at the customary 15 % of that she would be handed £45.6 million from the Treasury in April 2017 , an increase of £2.8 million up from £42.8 million this year .
However , the formula for the Sovereign Grant is being reviewed this year by The Prime Minister , Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Keeper of the Privy Purse who will potentially change the way it is calculated to less than 15 % of Crown Estate profits .
This could mean her payrise is smaller , but she will still be in line for a bumper sum as rules state she can not get less than any previous year .
But a source said about the negotiations lately in light of Brexit turmoil : “ This is hardly the moment where we are going to finalise a review of the Sovereign Grant . ”
News of the potential payrise came as Keeper of the Privy Purse Sir Alan Reid revealed how the royals have spent the £40.1 million they were given in April 2015 - amounting to 62p per person per year in Britain .
He also stressed they have added to this by raising £13.9 million of their own money including through renovating and renting out apartments .
Last year it was reported they were renting one in St James ’ s Palace thought to bring in nearly £250,000 per year .
Prince Charles also revealed that his income from the Duchy of Cornwall estate rose to more than £20 million for the first time to £20.467 million up from £19.845 million the previous year .
Expenditure on the area of his accounts that funds Prince William , Kate and Harry was also up 9.5 % from £2.965 million to £3.249 million , although officials would not say how much of the increase was down to the three young royals or itemise how that money was spent .
The bill for royal travel was down to £4 million from £5.1 million the previous year , but there were still some eye-watering travel costs billed to the taxpayer including a £94,409 charter plane for Prince Charles and Camilla ’ s tour of the Balkans in March .
Working in a well-ventilated 'green ' office can help boost your brainpower , researchers have found .
People whose desk space is well ventilated with below average indoor pollution and carbon dioxide levels , showed more ability to think , understand , remember and learn , according to a study .
It suggests that the indoor environmental quality can have a profound impact on the decision-making and performance of workers .
Researchers at Harvard looked at the decision making abilities of 24 people , who were exposed to different indoor working conditions over six days .
The findings , published in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives , showed those with higher levels of pollutants were less able .
Participants scored an average 61 percent higher while working in buildings with low pollution levels , compared to days working in a conventional building .
They were tested on everything from basic tasks to crisis response and information seeking .
When low carbon dioxide levels were combined with lower pollutants in buildings , cognitive scores were 101 percent higher than in conventional buildings , which researchers said was significant as it is not typically thought of as a direct indoor pollutant .
Dr Joseph Allen , director of the healthy buildings program at the Harvard Centre for Health and the Global Environment , said it was an area that had been largely ignored .
'We spend 90 per cent of our time indoors and 90 per cent of the costs of a building are ( related to ) the occupants , yet indoor environmental quality and its impact on health and productivity are often an afterthought , ' he said .
'These results suggest even modest improvements to indoor environmental quality may have a profound impact on the decision making performance of workers . '
The findings follow British research which found having plants in offices boosts productivity by 15 per cent by making workers more physically , cognitively and emotionally involved in their jobs .
A billionaire Qatari sheikh dubbed `` the man who bought London '' was reportedly the anonymous bidder who snapped up a Pablo Picasso masterpiece that smashed the world auction sale record .
There has been intense speculation about the identity of the buyer who placed the winning $ 179.4 million ( ￡116 million ) telephone bid for Les Femmes d'Alger at Christie 's in Manhattan earlier this month .
Art world sources have now told the New York Postthat the painting was acquired by Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani , the former Qatari prime minister .
Qatar 's ruling Al Thani clan has been pursuing an international artwork buying spree as it aims to turn the small energy-rich emirate into a global cultural power ahead of the 2022 World Cup .
But Les Femmes d'Alger may never be displayed publicly in Qatar to avoid offending Islamic sensibilities because it depicts women 's breasts , even though they were painted in the artist 's highly stylised cubist form .
It could instead remain at one of the sheikh 's multi-million pound homes in London or New York , the newspaper reported .
The Anglophile royal earned the nickname of the `` man who bought London '' after going on a buying spree in the city with his personal fortune and as head of the Qatar Investment Authority .
The state agency invested in Harrod 's , the London Shard , Sainsbury 's , Barclays and the Stock Exchange , while the Anglophile royal bought three apartments in the One Hyde Park development .
He is also currently renovating a mansion on Manhattan 's Upper East Side that he bought for $ 47 million in 2012 .
Members of the royal family have used their oil and gas wealth to buy several masterpieces in recent years . Some were bought for private collections while others were acquired for a new national museum that will show off its art treasures when it opens next year .
Sheikha Mayassa bint Hamad al-Thani , the sister of Qatar 's emir , was initially reported to have been the buyerof the artwork that was previously the most expensive sold at auction a Francis Bacon triptychthat went under the hammer for $ 142 million in 2013 .
But art world sources later said that the buyer who has not been officially identified was Elaine Wynn , the co-founder of a Las Vegas casino empire .
Sheikha Mayassa , then head of the Qatar Museums Authority , previously bought `` The Card Players '' by Paul Cezanne last year for a reported $ 250 million in a private sale the highest-price paid for a painting at the time . Her family has also spent heavily on works by Mark Rothko , Richard Serra , Roy Lichtenstein , Francis Bacon , Andy Warhol and Jeff Koons .
There was also speculation that the buyer of the Picasso this month might have been Asian as money from that continent , notably China , fuelled a record-breaking week of sales of nearly $ 2 billionat Christie 's and Sotheby 's in New York .
The Qatar embassy did not reply to a request for comment and the government rarely discusses the purchases of its ruling royals .
Teenagers around the world can rejoice with the news that their brain deserves the blame when parents ' orders go ignored while they tap on their smartphones .
A new scientific study from the University College London has found that humans may be rendered temporarily deaf when they 're simultaneously focusing on something visual .
Research found that the 13 volunteers experienced 'inattentional deafness ' to the normal-volume sounds playing in the background as their visual tasks became increasingly difficult .
'We found that when volunteers were performing the demanding visual task , they were unable to hear sounds that they would normally hear , ' study co-author Maria Chait said in a statement .
'The brain scans showed that people were not only ignoring or filtering out the sounds , they were not actually hearing them in the first place . '
The findings , published in the Journal of Neuroscience , suggest that the visual and auditory processing centers that make sense of the sights and sounds that surround us share limited resources .
Inattentional deafness is a common every day experience and the study explains why , according to UCL Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience Professor Nilli Lavie , a co-author of the study .
'If you try to talk to someone focusing on a book , game , or television program and do n't receive a response , they are n't necessarily ignoring you , they simply might not hear you ! ' she said .
'This could also explain why you might not hear your bus or train stop being announced if you 're concentrating on your phone , book , or newspaper . '
Loud sounds - like ambulance sirens - will still be able to break through , but some situations could become potentially dangerous when the quieter ones go unheard , according to Medical Daily .
'This has more serious implications in situations such as the operating theater , when a surgeon concentrating on their work might not hear the equipment beeping , ' Lavie said .
'It also applies to drivers concentrating on complex directions as well as cyclists and motorists who are focusing intently on something such as an advert or even simply an interesting-looking passerby . '
A contraceptive pill that could be taken by men as well as women could be on the horizon .
A breakthrough in the understanding of the biology of sperm could lead to a unisex version of the Pill , US government-funded scientists said .
They have identified a protein in sperm that gives it the energy it needs to power towards the egg and break its way into it .
As the researchers put it , the ABHD2 protein allows the tail to ‘ crack like a whip ’ and ‘ power kick ’ its way into the egg .
Therefore , blocking this protein could prevent the sperm from fertilising the egg .
Dr Stuart Moss , of the National Institutes of Health , which funded the study , said : ‘ Developing new compounds that block ABHD2 ultimately may yield new contraceptive methods that prevent sperm from research the egg . ’
University of California , Berkeley researcher Melissa Miller added : ‘ What is really cool is that we have an actual target for unisex contraceptive development . ’
Theoretically , such a pill could be taken by either sex , allowing men to take a greater share of the burden of contraception .
Conversely , a drug that enhances the protein may help infertile couples have children of their own , the journal Science reports .
While women have had access to oral contraceptives for more than half a century , the quest for a male pill has been thwarted by biology .
Whereas a woman normally releases one egg per month , a healthy man makes 1,000 sperm with every heartbeat - and just one is needed for conception .
There are also concerns over whether men would be willing to take a drug that could be perceived as affecting their masculinity - and whether women would trust them to take it .
Professor Mike Wyllie , an expert in drug development and male sexual health , said : ‘ This study has allowed understanding of the control of male fertility to leapfrog , or at least equal , our knowledge of the female reproductive system .
‘ This can only be good in terms of developing drugs for both conception and contraception .
‘ A contraceptive pill that could be taken by either partner would have a major positive impact on the relationship , where more often than not the only choice of medication must be taken by the female . ’
The news comes after US scientists announced they have made progress in developing a male contraceptive with no side effects .
Professor Gunda Gerog , of the Minnesota University , has been making tiny adjustments to existing attempts at a male pill , and told the American Chemical Society 's annual meeting she was very close .
She said she was trying to make changes to the pill to make it more palatable for men .
She said : 'It would have to be soluble so it could be taken by mouth . It would start working fairly quickly and it would n't diminish libido . It would be safe even if taken for decades .
'And because some users would eventually want to have children , its impact on fertility would be reversible , with no lingering ill effects on sperm or embryos . '
Her research was sparked by a study published last year , which identified an enzyme used by sperm to get inside the egg .
Certain activities can be good – and some bad – for our grey matter , so see which you should carry on doing ... or ditch .
SITTING STILL : DRAIN
“ When we sit for long periods ( more than three hours ) , our inactivity leads to reduced blood flow to the brain and less oxygenation and nutrient supply , ” says Dr Jenny Brockis , author of Future Brain : The 12 Keys to Create Your High-Performance Brain .
“ This leads to reduced brain activity in the part of the brain we use for heavy-duty thinking , planning , ¬organising and decision-making . ”
ACTION : Take brain breaks by getting up to stretch and move around every 30 minutes . The new FitBit Alta monitors your movements and prompts you to move .
STAYING CURIOUS : BOOSTER
Learning new skills leads to better neuroplasticity – the brain ’ s ability to form new connections between existing neurons , explains Dr Brockis .
“ It used to be thought we only had a short period of relative plasticity in early childhood . ”
`` But although our brain ’ s plasticity does decline with age , we don ’ t lose it . ”
ACTION : Why not take up a musical instrument or an evening class ?
FAST FOOD : DRAIN
“ The quickest way to stuff up our brains is to stuff our bodies with fast food , ” says Dr Brockis .
“ Too much sugar , trans fat and salt leads to greater inflammation and brain shrinkage . ”
ACTION : Eat fresh and unprocessed foods as much as you can .
GOOD QUALITY SLEEP : BOOSTER
“ Studies have shown being deprived of sleep for 24 hours decreases memory and concentration , ” says Dr Michael Wasserman of the American Geriatric Society . “ But regular , restful sleep improves memory . ”
Scientists think that while asleep , we shift recent experiences over to more efficient storage regions in the brain where they become long-term memories .
It ’ s how we learn and remember facts and skills .
ACTION : Try and get to bed before midnight and aim for 7-8 hours kip .
BEING OVERWEIGHT : DRAIN
“ Minding your mind includes minding your weight , ” says Dr Brockis . “ Obesity shrinks the brain and is also a risk factor for cognitive decline. ” Studies have shown having more fat tissue leads to a greater release of cytokines , messenger proteins that contribute to greater brain atrophy ( decline ) in areas linked with executive function , learning and memory . ”
ACTION : See your GP about losing some weight if you are obese .
CROSSWORDS BY THE CLOCK : BOOSTER
You ’ ve probably read how doing puzzles can help keep your brain young .
But if you want to stoke up synapses , get out the stopwatch .
“ Studies have found timed tests train your brain to work quickly , ” says Dr Wasserman .
ACTION : “ Try timing ­yourself when you solve a crossword or Sudoku , ” he adds . “ You ’ ll get faster and even eliminate that tip-of-the-tongue phenomenon ( where you can describe a word but can ’ t remember it ) . ”
DRINKING ALCOHOL REGULARLY : DRAIN
Regular drinking lowers the levels of serotonin in your brain and can lead to depression , says Dr Sarah Jarvis , GP and medical adviser to alcohol -education charity Drinkaware .
“ Drinking heavily over a long period of time can also have long-term effects on memory , ” she adds . “ Even on days when you don ’ t drink , recalling what you did yesterday , or where you have been earlier that day , is difficult . ”
ACTION : Many medical experts recommend taking regular days off from drinking to ensure you don ’ t become addicted . However , it ’ s important not to assume that taking a break means it ’ s OK to drink to excess the rest of the time .
AEOBIC EXERCISE : BOOSTER
Besides increasing blood flow , exercise leads to an increase in the BDNF ( brain-derived neurotrophic factor ) our brain secretes , says Dr Brockis . BDNF has been dubbed Miracle-Gro for brains as it helps grow and strengthen them , allowing us to learn and remember information better .
ACTION : The best exercise for brains ? “ Anything that gets your heart rate up and makes you puff a bit , ” says Dr Brockis . “ A 30-minute plus session of aerobic exercise is ideal . Whether it ’ s walking , swimming , running , cycling , table tennis , kayaking , rugby or golf , the trick is to schedule it on a regular basis , start slow and gradually increase the number of sessions each week , and their duration . ”
EATING SUGAR : DRAIN
It ’ s tempting to reach for a can of cola or a bar of choc when your body and brain is flagging , but excess sugar is associated with obesity and Type 2 diabetes , both risk factors for cognitive decline and dementia , says Dr Brockis .
“ Plus , animal studies have shown that adolescents who drink sugar-sweetened drinks daily show increased inflammation of the hippocampus , the area of the brain associated with learning and memory , leading to an impaired ability to remember , ” she says .
ACTION : Boost your glucose levels ( and cognitive stamina ) with the carbohydrates found in fruit and vegetables instead , says Dr Brockis . “ Eating a small banana will do the trick , as will snacking on blueberries , shown to boost memory and concentration for up to five hours . ”
Chinese women 's football team defeated South Africa 2-0 on Saturday in their second game at the Rio Olympics .
Tan Ruyin sealed the victory for China through a lob shot from 40 meters away in the 87th minute .
Gu is the only one who ever played in the Beijing Olympics on the current Chinese squad .
`` I was too young eight years ago , but now as a veteran I hope to bring our team victories again and again , '' Gu told Xinhua .
Bini was very excited about Tan 's incredible lob shot .
`` If this goal was scored by Lionel Messi it would be played for at least a week all over the world . But if it 's a Chinese girl it will only be played in China for a shorter time . This is the difference between men 's and women 's football , '' said the 61-year-old Frenchman .
We 've all seen videos of what Coca Cola does to a penny , but now someone has reportedly worked out exactly what it does to our insides - and if right , it is n't pretty .
The Renegade Pharmacist , a blog run by pharmacist Niraj Naik includes a seven-step breakdown of the drink 's supposed effects .
In The First 10 minutes : 10 teaspoons of sugar hit your system . ( 100 % of your recommended daily intake . ) You don ’ t immediately vomit from the overwhelming sweetness because phosphoric acid cuts the flavor allowing you to keep it down .
20 minutes : Your blood sugar spikes , causing an insulin burst . Your liver responds to this by turning any sugar it can get its hands on into fat . ( There ’ s plenty of that at this particular moment )
40 minutes : Caffeine absorption is complete . Your pupils dilate , your blood pressure rises , as a response your livers dumps more sugar into your bloodstream . The adenosinereceptors in your brain are now blocked preventing drowsiness .
45 minutes : Your body ups your dopamine production stimulating the pleasure centers of your brain . This is physically the same way heroin works , by the way .
& gt ; 60 minutes : The phosphoric acid binds calcium , magnesium and zinc in your lower intestine , providing a further boost in metabolism . This is compounded by high doses of sugar and artificial sweeteners also increasing the urinary excretion of calcium.The caffeine ’ s diuretic properties come into play . ( It makes you have to pee . ) It is now assured that you ’ ll evacuate the bonded calcium , magnesium and zinc that was headed to your bones as well as sodium , electrolyte and water .
If you care about your heart , health and mind then please remember this article next time you reach for that bottle of Coke !
Safety 's a big part of what makes a country appealing for visitors : history and culture are all well and good , but if you 're risking your life by getting off the plane , it kinda detracts from the experience .
Luckily , the Institute for Economics & amp ; Peace compiles an annual `` Global Peace Index '' report that ranks 162 of the world 's nations on their safety and peacefulness . The GPI factors `` 23 qualitative and quantitative indicators '' into its ranking , ranging from violent crime levels and political terror to weapons imports/exports and prison population , and assigns each nation a score of 1-5 , with 1 being the highest .
Iceland took first place this year with a near-perfect score of 1.148 , while Denmark grabbed second ( 1.150 ) and Austria landed in third ( 1.198 ) . The United States actually scored a comically bad 2.038 , which brought it all the way down to 94th place -- above Saudi Arabia , but below Peru .
The bottom of the list , meanwhile , shook out exactly how you 'd imagine : Syria took 162nd place with an unfathomably high score of 3.645 , Iraq took 161st with 3.444 , and Afghanistan landed at third-worst with 3.427 . Needless to say , there 's a lot going wrong right now in the Middle East .
Check out the rest of the top 10 below :
10 . Czech Republic ( 1.341 )
9 . Australia ( 1.329 )
8 . Japan ( 1.329 )
7 . Canada ( 1.287 )
6 . Finland ( 1.277 )
5 . Switzerland ( 1.275 )
4 . New Zealand ( 1.221 )
3 . Austria ( 1.198 )
2 . Denmark ( 1.150 )
1 . Iceland ( 1.148 )
Cocktail fans in London will want to take deep breaths when they enter a pop-up bar that opens on Thursday , July 30 , on the site of an ancient monastery in Borough .
Alcoholic Architecture features a walk-in cloud of cocktail that 's composed of fine spirits and mixer at a ratio of 1:3 . It 's made using powerful humidifiers to super-saturate the air . Alcohol enters the bloodstream mainly through the lungs but also the eyeballs . Guests are advised to `` breathe responsibly . ''
It 's the project of Sam Bompas and Harry Parr , two friends who specialize in experiences based around flavor .
Guests will descend through a series of dimly lit passages into a monastic-themed changing room , where they will robe up in protective clothing to prevent them from smelling like a cocktail when they go home . After that , it 's into a crypt-like bar that appears to have been hewn out of rock . The drinks will be based on those made by monks , including Chartreuse , Benedictine , Trappist beer , and Buckfast fortified wine . From there , it is a short step into the cocktail chamber .
`` Inside , the sound is modulated , so that it is like you are right inside the glass , '' Parr says . `` It 's a dense atmosphere that builds into a thunderstorm with lightning . It 's a new way of experiencing drink , and it 's social because it 's an immersive shared environment . You all have the same flavor sensation . Alcohol tastes better , with more nuances : You can detect more subtle flavors when it is humidified . ''
Guests will be allocated one-hour time slots so they do n't have time to get drunk on the atmosphere , which Parr estimates at one unit of alcohol per hour . Entry is £10 , or £12.50 at peak times . Mixed drinks for sharing include a loving cup made from a human skull .
Alcoholic Architecture will be open until early 2016 at One Cathedral Street , Borough Market , London .
Just in time for the Scripps National Spelling Bee , Google has released its list of America 's most misspelled words by state - and Wisconsinites have some explaining to do .
Google Trends tweeted a map on Tuesday showing `` America 's Most Misspelled Words , '' based on the top `` how to spell '' searches in each state in 2017 so far .
The word people in Wisconsin need most help spelling : Wisconsin .
Badger State Gov . Scott Walker 's office did not immediately respond to request for comment .
The rest of the `` most misspelled words '' per state ranged from some as short as `` liar '' ( R.I. ) and `` gray '' ( Georgia ) to longer and more complicated ones such as `` pneumonia '' ( Washington ) to `` supercalifragilisticexpialidocious '' ( Connecticut ) from the movie `` Mary Poppins . ''
`` If you look at how people spell on the internet , that also should scare you , '' said Tom Karls , an administrative clerk with the Madison Public Library in Wisconsin .
Karls said he found it `` dumbfounding '' that Wisconsinites had so much trouble spelling the name of their state , and that it showed modern society 's reliance on Google rather than the dictionary or other , traditional reference material .
`` It becomes a great commentary on the education trends of our society , '' he added .
Wisconsin may have been the only state this year where the top searched word was the name of the state itself , but last year that honor went to Massachusetts ( this year the Bay State had trouble with the word `` license '' ) .
The release of the trend map comes a day before the preliminary rounds of the 90th Scripps National Spelling Bee , where spelling champs from across the nation will compete for up to a $ 40,000 cash prize , trips to New York and Los Angeles and an engraved trophy .
Last year , the spelling bee ended in a tie for the third consecutive year in a row , with Jairam Hathwar and Nihar Janga declared co-champions .
This year , the bee is introducing new rules that could prevent another tie , including a `` tiebreaker test '' for finalists with 12 words and 12 vocabulary questions .
Actor Kit Harington might be dead on Game of Thrones , but in real life he 's been plastered across the internet in the altogether .
The star - who plays Jon Snow in the HBO fantasy series - is currently appearing in Doctor Faustus at the Duke of York Theatre in London , in which he spends most of his time in his pants and eventually shows rather more .
Harington 's appearance in the updated Christopher Marlowe play has brought new audiences to London 's West End , but some have taken to photographing the actor in the play , in the more intimate scenes .
Pictures have appeared online showing Kit baring his behind , showering and in a sex scene where he wears something that would n't be out of place in 50 Shades of Grey .
The actor previously argued for the equality of nudity in Game of Thrones , after his character was seen diving into a pool naked , but because of an injury a body double was used .
`` When it came down to it I had a broken ankle , so the only time you saw my ass , it was n't my ass , '' he said .
He added of baring all on television : `` It 's only right , if you 're going to make a show where nudity and sex is a large part of it , that you be a part of that . ''
`` I would n't say I 'd be happy about it , '' he said .
The Queen is facing a million-pound black hole in her estates ' finances after Brexit which has caused consternation among royal aides , The Sunday Telegraph has learned .
Sandringham Estate , the Queen 's country retreat in Norfolk , will lose close to £700,000 a year when EU farming subsidies end while the farms near Windsor Castle will be around £300,000 down .
Prince Charles 's estates are also facing a funding cut from Brexit of £100,000 a year while the Crown Estate - which manages Royal land - will also be hit .
A source familiar with Buckingham Palace 's finances said there had been concerns since before the EU referendum about the impact of losing the grants .
While people were not `` throwing their hands in the air in despair '' , there was anxiety about how the current level of EU farming grants will be sustained , the source said .
Estates and country houses across Britain as well as farmers benefit from Common Agricultural Policy ( CAP ) payments - the EU 's system of rural support .
The billions of pounds of subsidies will end when Britain leaves the EU , which on current timescales will be in spring 2019 .
Ministers have sought to reassure the farming community by guaranteeing payments until 2020 , but have refused to make commitments beyond that .
Analysis by The Sunday Telegraph has revealed the full extent to which royal estates benefit from the subsidies , totalling more than £1 million last year .
In 2015 , Sandringham received £665,000 , the Royal Farms in Windsor got £298,000 , the Duchy of Cornwall was given £129,000 and the Crown Estate got £350,000 .
A source familiar with the Royal finances warned the loss of funding had caused concern before and after the EU referendum .
`` I do n't think it was a budget-busting concern , it was n't something people were losing sleep over . But it was something people were conscious of as a post-referendum impact , '' the source said .
`` I think that they were interested to see what the Government 's view was on what the replacement mechanism would be for the CAP domestically . ''
The source added : `` The question is are you losing £700,000 or is there a successor mechanism in place domestically that offsets the Brussels package ? ''
Sir Gerald , a Tory former defence minister who backed Brexit , said : `` What we all said during the Leave campaign was that all those currently in receipt of so-called EU money will continue to receive the same money because we will be saving £20bn every year . ''
`` We must reassure the recipients - whether it 's Her Majesty or farmers - that they will continue to benefit from the current arrangements . ''
`` What Brexit does is to give the United Kingdom the chance to fashion a farm price support mechanism designed exclusively for the benefit of British farmers . ''
Dickie Arbiter , a former Buckingham Palace press secretary , said : `` After Brexit Her Majesty would fall in line with everyone else currently entitled to CAP and would not wish to be considered a special case or come in for special treatment . ''
A Buckingham Palace spokesman said : `` Subsidies are open to all farmers ; and like others with agricultural interests , subsidies are received on The Queen 's private estates .
Apple ( 33 percent ) would do a better job than politicians taking over U.S. government operations , says a new Breakout BrandsTM survey by rbb Communications . The national survey tapped opinions on a variety of brand preferences .
Walt Disney ( 28 percent ) earned the second spot on the list of brands that consumers would vote for to run the government , followed by American Express ( 18 percent ) , Facebook ( 11 percent ) and Starbucks ( 10 percent ) rounding out the top five . Americans identify with companies that focus on their needs – more specifically , brands that “ get ” them .
“ Building a relationship with today ’ s consumer is a lot like dating , ” says Christine Barney , managing partner and CEO of rbb Communications . “ Brands like Apple do well at the dating game because they get into the consumers ’ heads to achieve the kind of meaningful emotional connections that lead to loyalty . ”
“ American consumers have high expectations , ” added Barney . “ In fact , research shows that 57 percent of Americans are more likely to trust a company that consistently offers excellent customer service over one that consistently offers excellent prices . ”
Other noteworthy Breakout Brand result findings include :
1 . 52 percent of Americans chose “ responsive ” when asked to pick the word that best describes companies they most want to do business with .
2 . 44 percent of Americans think a “ live ” customer service agent they can speak to in-person or on the phone is essential for them to keep doing business with a company .
3 . Americans chose Amazon ( 25 percent ) , Apple ( 15 percent ) and Uber ( 13 percent ) as the top 3 Breakout Brands of 2015 .
Understanding how the changing marketplace impacts Breakout Brands is vital in today ’ s world of social media . The full Breakout Brands report will be available soon .
Brexit may mean Brexit to Theresa May , but the Oxford English Dictionary has come to the aid of those who wish for a less opaque definition .
The word is among 1,500 new words added to the dictionary this week .
OED editors steered clear of political controversy by defining the process of Brexit rather than its consequences or implementation .
The definition reads : The ( proposed ) withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union , and the political process associated with it . Sometimes used specifically with reference to the referendum held in the UK on 23 June 2016 , in which a majority of voters favoured withdrawal from the EU .
Fiona McPherson , senior editor on the OED , told the Guardian the word had been one of the fastest to move from coinage to definition and listing .
`` It is very unusual for a word to take hold of the language so quickly '' , she said .
The word , she added , `` had filled an empty space in our language , and the growing importance of the phenomenon it described . ''
She added : `` It has gone from a new word a couple of years ago to being on the front pages of foreign language newspapers used , which shows it is now a global word , not just one used here . ''
As Grexit - Greece 's hypothetical exit from the EU- has also been added to the OED this month , it is expected that should momentum grow for EU membership referendums elsewhere Nexit ( Netherlands ) , Frexit ( France ) and Oexit ( Austria ) will follow Brexit into the dictionary .
The influence of social media is visible in many of the new coinages .
YouTubers , defined as frequent user of the video-sharing website YouTube , especially someone who produces and appears in videos on the site is included in the dictionary for the first time .
Anyone who stands up to internet trolls can now legitimately call themselves an upstander - a person who speaks or acts in support of a cause , especially one who intervenes on behalf of a person being attacked or bullied .
A number of newly listed words and phrases have migrated from pop music , notably `` get your freak on '' : defined as US slang ( chiefly in African-American usage ) 1 ) to engage in sexual activity , especially of an unconventional or uninhibited nature . 2 ) To dance , esp . in an uninhibited , wild , or exuberant fashion .
The phrase gained prominence in 2001 as the title of a Missy Elliott song .
Singer Beyonce had a hand in the listing of Bama , originally a 1920s abbreviation of the US state of Alabama . It evolved to become slang for a person from the rural American south , but was reclaimed this year by the singer in Formation , a track from her latest album Lemonade .
The lyric says :
My daddy Alabama / Momma Louisiana / You mix that negro with that Creole / make a Texas Bama .
Words are admitted to the OED , McPherson said , according to their usage .
`` Once a word goes in , it does n't come out . We have to have examples of it having passed into common usage or within a specialist area . ''
Among the latest technical terms to have been added are examples of surfer lingo for wave types and surfing techniques .
As usual , a raft of management speak makes it into the dictionary , led by out-strategise : a verb by to outmanoeuvre ( an opponent , rival , etc . ) ; to outdo in strategising .
Though many additions to the 829,000 words in the dictionary arise from young people and social media , others reflect the ageing population .
Leading the way for Baby Boomers is glam-ma : a glamorous grandmother , especially one who is comparatively young or fashion-conscious .
If you ’ re bored with old-fashioned running , or if you feel that it ’ s not a complete workout , you might want to try crunning , a new fitness craze that ’ s taking Australia by storm . No , it does not mean crying while running , it ’ s actually a cross between crawling and running that involves getting down on all fours and moving as fast as you can .
The bizarre workout , best described as your thighs ’ worst nightmare , was invented by Australian fitness enthusiast Shaun McCarthy . We ’ re not sure what prompted him to come up with the bizarre activity , but he seems convinced that it will revolutionize fitness as we know it . “ The only thing that crunning ’ s changed about fitness… is that it ’ s changed everything about fitness , ” he says .
The short video of him crunning through Melbourne that he posted on Facebook makes the activity look more like a spoof than a serious workout , but it seems to have inspired others to take up running on all fours as well . McCarthy only went public with crunning five weeks , but it has been getting quite a lot of attention online and he claims there is now a steadily-growing movement in Australia .
But is crunning a better fitness activity than jogging or running ? It would appear so , as McCarthy has been saying in interviews that crunning is a more complete workout because it includes the upper body as well . “ It really works your thighs and shoulders at the same time , ” he said , adding that he believes it burns more calories as well .
Some fitness experts believe that McCarthy might just be onto something there . According to Kim Baylor , a certified personal trainer , “ any exercise that involves full body motions leaves the chance to develop a lot of strength . ”
However , others think it ’ s just a fad and might even be harmful if done incorrectly . “ Physiologically , humans weren ’ t built for quadruped mobility like apes , ” fitness coach Kevin Dean told Gothamist. “ Because we ’ re bipedal/upright , our wrists have different structures than our ankles ( whereas a quadruped animal would have four of roughly the same joint ) . Outside of learning something new , I can see broken noses , bad wrist/repetitive injuries , and shoulder problems ( arising from crunning ) . ”
McCarthy suggests wearing protective gloves to avoid damage to your hands while crunning , and taking things slow . “ Do not outcrun yourself – it could be bad for your neck or back , ” he said . Or , you could just stick to traditional running .
After many stellar performances in his career , Leonardo DiCaprio has expressed his desire to play the role of Vladimir Putin .
In a recent interview with the German newspaper Welt , the 6-time-Oscar nominated actor revealed that he could imagine himself playing the role of the Russian President .
“ Putin would be very , very , very interesting . I would like to play him , ” he said .
The Golden Globe winner also shared his meeting with Putin in 2010 when he attended the International Forum on Tiger in St Petersburg .
“ My fund has several projects aimed at financial support for protecting these wild cats [ Siberia tigers ] . Putin and I spoke only about these magnificent animals , not about politics , ” said Leo .
It seems that the Russian history surely fascinates The Revenant actor as he said , “ I think there should be more films about Russian history because it has many stories worthy of Shakespeare . That is fascinating for an actor . ”
But Leo hasn ’ t restricted his choice to Russia ’ s present leader only . He revealed that he wouldn ’ t mind playing the role of leader of Vladimir Lenin , Russia ’ s Communist revolution , or peasant-turned-emperor-shaman Grigori Rasputin .
“ Lenin also would be an interesting role . I would like also to star as Rasputin , ” said the Hollywood star .
In another interesting revelation , Leo shared that he likes to refer himself as “ half Russian ” because his grandmother was from Russia .
For over 2000 years , the good old iron horseshoe has remained the only reliable footwear for horses , but an Austrian company is ready to “ take the horse out of the Iron Age ” with the world ’ s first equine running shoes , the Megasus Horserunners .
Charly Forstner , the founder of Megasus , used to work as an animal welfare inspector for horses in Austria . He learned that over 50 % of horses that needed to be put down suffered from severe hoof and leg problems . 20 years ago , he decided to dedicate his life to coming up with a better alternative to the iron horseshoe .
Over the last two decades , he invented various hoof protection products made of plastic , like the ‘ Dynamix ’ or the ‘ Easywalker ’ , but he recently unveiled something truly revolutionary – clip-on running shoes for horses . Forstener claims that they combine the qualities of both the common horseshoe and the hoof boot to offer horses the protection and freedom of movement that they require .
While the iron horseshoe is known for its durability and adjustability , it also has some serious flaws – it ’ s heavy , restricts movement , has no shock absorption , channels heat and cold to the inner hoof , and the need for nailing can destroy the hoof horn . The hoof boot , on the other hand , has long been the go-to solution for barefoot horse owners , with companies like Cavallo and Easy Boot offering a variety of equine footwear . But finding hoof boots that don ’ t rub on a horse ’ s leg and hoof , are easy to put on and remove , and stay on all kinds of terrain can be a real struggle . The Megasus Horserunners claim to incorporate all the qualities of both option , while eliminating the downsides .
“ The innovative Megasus Horserunners offer many advantages over the traditional products such as they are lightweight ( less than half a pound ) , can be adjusted individually , easy to put on , and offer protection without permanence , ” a Megasus press release states .
“ It can also stay put in all kinds of terrain including mud and water plus it allows the hoof to be flexible . The product is also designed to protect the sole from bruising , cracking and other injuries by offering shock absorption . It does not accumulate snow , dirt or mud and is easy to clean . ”
Instead of using dangerous iron nails , the Megasus Horserunners simply clip-on to the horse ’ s hooves , thanks to an improved velcro system . Two large strips of strong velcro tape ( called Meg-Log Tape ) stick on to each hoof , to which the Horserunners clip on with individually adjustable side clips .
“ The Mega-Lock tape remains approximately 3 weeks on the hoof and is protected with a protection foil during the time the hoof goes bare . The foil has a sealing lip similar to swimming goggles , so that the Mega-Lock tape is prevented from water and dirt intrusion , ” Megasus claims .
The Austrian company ensures horse owners that the clip-on system is so strong that the Horserunners will stay on the hoof in any terrain .
“ The time is ripe for healthy and comfortable hoof protection for horses , ” Charly Forstner said . “ In 1998 , I already proved with a wedge test that the hoof moves on the vertical plane 1-2cm , almost 10 times more than horizontally , and without affecting the overlying joint . This means that the hoof works jointly and compensates for ground irregularities such as stones and ground waves . A rigid fixation of the hoof capsule by a horseshoe is , therefore , very close to plastering it . Horseshoes immobilize ligaments and tendons ; hence , it makes the blood flow becomes weaker. ” Apparently , the Megasus Horserunners change all that .
After successfully testing the prototype for their horse running shoes , Megasus sought to raise some money for production through crowdfunding . They launched a campaign on Kickstarter in October , asking for €100,00 , and by the time the campaign ended , they managed to raise €169,136 . The first Megasus Horserunners are scheduled to be shipped in July 2017 .
The rise of mobile phones has been blamed for a number of social ills , but your smart phone may also be making you physically sick as well .
Scientists have identified a condition called 'cybersickness ' , which they say is the digital version of motion sickness .
The phenomenon , which affects up to 80 per cent of the population who own smartphones or tablets , leads to feelings of nausea and unsteadiness .
It is caused by seeing fast motion on a screen and covers anything from a car chase in a film to scrolling through web pages on your phone .
The more realistic the visual content is , the higher your chances of getting cybersickness .
The condition was identified in a piece in the New York Times in which British and US experts said that it needed addressing .
Cyriel Diels , a cognitive psychologist and human factors researcher at Coventry University 's centre for Mobility and Transport , said : 'It 's a fundamental problem that 's kind of been swept under the carpet in the tech industry .
'It 's a natural response to an unnatural environment . '
Motion sickness leaves sufferers feeling ill because they feel movement in your muscles and your inner ear but do not see it .
The mismatch in digital sickness is the opposite - you see movement on the screen but do not feel it .
The effect is the same and the symptoms include a headache , wanting to throw up , confusion and the need to sit down .
Often cybersickness manifests itself in a subtle way and sufferers put it down to stress or eyestrain .
Steven Rauch , a professor of otolaryngology at Harvard Medical School , said : 'Your sense of balance is different than other senses in that it has lots of inputs .
'When those inputs do n't agree , that 's when you feel dizziness and nausea . '
Some studies that have been carried out into cybersickness found that women are more susceptible than men , the New York Times reported .
Those who have'Type A ' personalities - meaning they are confident and assertive - are more likely to suffer from cybersickness as well .
Among those who have reported experiencing the condition have been video gamers who spend hours playing fast paced games .
Cinema-goers have struggled with some scenes in action movies which have quick cuts and fast editing - and virtual reality has made the problem even worse .
Jonathan Weinstein , a professor at the Kanbar Institute for Film and Television at New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts , said : 'The idea is to get audiences to feel like participants in the action rather than outside observers of the action .
Engineers at Oculus VR , the virtual headset manufacturer , have admitted that digital motion sickness is one of their biggest problems .
Chinese leader Xi : G20 must 'blaze a new trail ' on trade
Xi told the gathering of world leaders from the nation 's 20 largest economies that their countries need to `` enhance mutual understanding '' in order to face a `` crucial juncture for the world economy . ''
`` The world today is undergoing profound changes never seen before , '' he said . `` It 's imperative we blaze a new trail to bring an innovative , invigorated , interconnected and inclusive world economy and a new round of robust growth . ''
He added that `` growth drivers from the previous round of technological progress are gradually fading , while a new round of technological and industrial revolution has yet to gain momentum , '' according to Reuters , and Xi asked the G20 leaders to be an `` action team , instead of a talk shop . ''
Pity the poor losing Oscar nominees at Hollywood 's opulent Dolby theatre later this month . Not only must they contend with the world 's gaze as somebody else heads up the famous steps to pick up the US film industry 's highest honour , but they may find themselves facing a whopping tax bill , too .
Every year , nominees who fail to go home with a gong receive an unofficial Oscars goodie bag from the US marketing firm Distinctive Assets . Recipients of this year 's £160,000 selection get a three-night stay at the gilded Lost Coast Ranch in north California , worth £17,600 , a 10-year supply of oxygenating makeup products ( £38,000 ) and 10 sessions with celebrity trainer Alexis Seletzky ( £1,200 ) , so it 's not all bad .
There 's also a six-day holiday in Hawaii , in a luxurious villa on the sunkissed south coast of Kauai , and , for those who fancy paying George Clooney a visit , three days at the £800-a-night Grand Hotel Tremezzo on Lake Como , Italy .
But there 's always a catch . The reason the goodie bag is unofficial is that Academy chiefs stopped handing out an Oscars-branded version in 2006 after an investigation by the US 's Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) .
Investigators ruled that the lavish mementos should be treated as income , since they were not given `` solely out of affection , respect or similar impulses '' . A spokesperson for the Academy told CNN : `` It seemed a little inappropriate to offer a gesture of thanks that then carried with it a ( tax ) obligation . ''
In truth , the gift bags were , and are , about promoting the ultra-high-end products contained within , which is why a lucrative independent industry - led by Distinctive Assets and its founder , Lash Fary - has sprung up to plug the gap in the market .
Last year , after turning a blind eye for about a decade , Oscars chiefs threatened to sue Fary and his company for copyright infringement after the 2016 goodie bag raised eyebrows with gifts including sex toys , a 10-day VIP trip to Israel and something called a `` vampire breast lift '' .
Still , there remains the matter of that tax bill . Distinctive Assets ' selections continue to attract the IRS 's attention , and £160,000 in extra income could trigger a fair old payout to the public purse . There is a silver lining of sorts , though : recipients can avoid stumping up if they are prepared to make a significant sacrifice and donate the bag 's contents to charity .
Most people do not have the patience to wait a few seconds for the elevator doors to shut , so they push the 'close ' button to speed up the process .
However , some say this feature has been obsolete since the 1990s , suggesting the button is a complete fake it will not close the doors any faster .
Experts reveal that there numerous buttons in the world that do not live up to their name , but are present to make us feel in control .
The Americans With Disabilities Act was passed in 1990 , mandating that elevators stay open long enough for someone with a physical disability , such as on crutches or in a wheelchair , to make it inside , Karen W. Penafiel , executive director of National Elevator Industry Inc. , told Christopher Mele with The New York Times in an interview .
`` Although these buttons are useless to the average person , they do perform their proper function for firefighters and maintenance workers but only with a code or designated keys . ''
Penafiel explains since an elevator 's lifespan is around 25 years , it is safe to say that a majority , if any , do not have a functioning 'close ' button but the 'open ' button works when it is pushed .
As bizarre as it seems to place fake buttons in an elevator or other devices , they are there for good reasons .
'Perceived control is very important , ' Ellen J. Langer , a psychology professor at Harvard University who has studied the illusion of control , told Mele in an email .
'It diminishes stress and promotes well-being . '
Another expert , John Kounios , a psychology professor at Drexel University in Philadelphia , said that these buttons are there to add an illusion of control if they were n't , people would feel a lack of control which is linked to depression .
And those people who know the little white lie will still continue to push these decoy buttons because the doors eventually close and that is the desired reward , he said .
However , elevators are n't the only deceitful devices - crosswalk signals in New York City are also on the list .
The New York Times revealed in 2004 that the Big Apple pulled the plug on a majority of its pedestrian buttons long ago , as a result of computer-controlled traffic signals .
City figures state that out of the 3,250 crosswalk buttons , 2,500 of them were replaced with mechanical placebos , or non-functioning mechanisms .
The reason the buttons are still in place is because it costs about $ 1 million to remove them .
But New York City is n't alone in this let down , as ABC conducted a survey in 2010 that found only one working crosswalk button in Austin Texas , Gainesville , Florida and Syracuse , New York .
Depending on where you work , you may not want to trust the thermostat that everyone has access to .
In 2003 , the Air Conditioning , Heating and Refrigeration News found that many offices install 'dummy thermostats ' 51 out of 71 people in the survey confirmed their office in fact has one .
One respondent David Trimble of Fort Collins , Colorado , wrote The News that individuals 'felt better ' that they have the ability to control the temperature in the office following the installation of a decoy thermostat .
'This cut down the number of service calls by over 75 percent , ' he wrote .
The Beckham family empire has grown to include lucrative endorsements , modelling contracts and a fashion line or two - so it 's no secret that Brand Beckham can sell . But a new study reveals just how lucrative the family brand really is .
The marketing value of all the family members - former England football captain David , ex-Spice Girl-turned-fashion designer Victoria and their children Brooklyn , Romeo , Cruz and Harper - plus their business ventures mean Brand Beckham is worth around £500 million , according to the London School of Marketing .
It also translates to earnings of around £30-£40 million a year for the family .
Their marketing power stems from three main vehicles , Footworks , where David 's football related revenues are collected , the Beckham label , for endorsements , and Beckham Ventures , for Victoria 's fashion business , the London School of Marketing 's experts said .
Current estimates put the value for Footworks at £150 million , the Beckham name at £70 million and Beckham Ventures at £60 million , they added .
But while the elder family members have been the main contributors so far , the Beckham offspring are gaining ground with business dealings and marketing appeal of their own .
Sixteen-year-old Brooklyn has a 4.4 million-strong following on Instagram and has recently appeared on the cover of Miss Vogue .
Younger brother Romeo meanwhile has fronted a Burberry Christmas campaign and was credited with driving a 15 % sales boost .
`` The Beckham name has the Midas touch when it comes to advertising , even the mere mention of their name associated with a brand is a small news event in itself , '' said Anton Dominique , chief marketing officer at the London School of Marketing .
`` What is also interesting is that the family name is almost as influential as any individual family member , '' he added .
David recently added another deal to his collection , signing up to front a clothing line by Trinity , the Hong Kong-based owner of Gieves & amp ; Hawkes .
`` I do apologize , I know I was a little late tonight . I was running on CPT -- which stands for jokes that white people should not make . ''
`` There 's one area where Donald 's experience could be invaluable , and that 's closing Guantanamo . Because Trump knows a thing or two about running waterfront properties into the ground . ''
`` They say Donald lacks the foreign policy experience to be president , but in fairness , he has spent years meeting with leaders from around the world -- Miss Sweden , Miss Argentina , Miss Azerbaijan . ''
The friendship bracelets made another appearance on social media later that summer when Biden wished his “ best friend forever ” and “ brother ” a happy 55th birthday on Twitter .
“ Mr . President , you have crept into our heart , you and your whole family , and you occupy it , ” Biden said , adding , “ I am indebted to you . I am indebted you and your family . ”
Ivana Trump , the first wife of President Donald Trump , is writing a memoir that will focus on the couple 's three children .
Raising Trump will be published on September 12 , Gallery Books told The Associated Press on Wednesday .
According to Gallery , Ms Trump is writing a story of `` motherhood , strength and resilience '' and also will reflect on her `` childhood in Czechoslovakia , her relocation to New York , her whirlwind romance , and her great success as a businesswoman . ''
The statement continues : `` As her former husband takes his place as the 45th president of the United States , his children have also been thrust into the media spotlight - but it is Ivana who raised them and proudly instilled in them what she believes to be the most important life lessons : loyalty , honesty , integrity and drive . ''
Donald and Ivana Trump divorced in 1992 amid revelations that he had been having an affair with Marla Maples , who became his second wife . They divorced in 1999 , and six years later Mr Trump married Melania Knauss .
Gallery is calling the book `` non-political , '' and it 's also unlikely to be critical of the president , whose candidacy Ivana Trump supported .
The three younger Trumps said in a statement that they were `` excited '' about Raising Trump and called Ivana an `` amazing mom , teacher and inspiration to all of us . ''
Almost all of us are familiar with China 's great man-made attractions : The Forbidden City in Beijing . The Terracotta Warriors of Xi'an . Shanghai 's skyscraper forest in Pudong .
For a country of its massive size and varied geography , however , it 's surprising how relatively few people outside China appreciate the extent of the country 's other attractions , many of them natural wonders to rival any in the world .
The 900-year-old village of Hongcun has long drawn in-the-know Chinese visitors , who love its tranquil vibe and distinctive architecture .
Walking the narrow lanes paved with quartzite and seeing farmers working in rice fields , with the reflection of ancient houses in the lake , should provide enough material to get you started on your own visual masterpiece .
Bamboo raft drifting in the Nine Bend River ( lower gorge ) is a popular activity among visitors .
The two-hour , eight-kilometer trips provide grand views of Mount Wuyi . It 's the best way to take in the serene beauty of the smooth peaks and clear water .
Echoing Sand Mountain is a series of dunes surrounding Crescent Lake . Named for its distinctive shape and aural characteristics , its echoes can be heard as the wind blows over the dunes .
Erected mostly in the early 20th century , the fortress towers at Kaiping were built by famously outbound Kaipingers , who brought home the many architectural styles they saw abroad , including Islamic , Roman and even ancient Greek .
Downtown is touristy . Visitors can rent bikes and head to the countryside to find a more calming scene : bamboo boats chugging along the river , fishermen setting out with cormorants , farmers toiling in fields with lush peaks soaring high above .
The highest waterfall in Asia , majestic Huangguoshu `` Yellow Fruit Tree '' Waterfall plunges a dramatic 77.8 meters across a 101-meter-wide span .
It 's one of a handful of mammoth waterfalls in the world that 's accessible for viewing from almost any angle -- from above , below , front , back , left or right . The best visiting season is June to August .
Look beyond the beaches of Sanya to find the world 's largest Guanyin statue , erected near Nanshan .
It was once the world 's largest-known diamond , is worth a reported £100m and is currently part of Britain 's crown jewels .
But India wants it back .
Bollywood stars and businessmen have united to instruct lawyers to begin legal proceedings in London 's High Court to return the Koh-i-Noor diamond .
The diamond was in the crown worn by the Queen Mother at the coronation of her husband King George VI in 1937 and again at Queen Elizabeth 's coronation in 1953 .
The group , which has called itself the `` Mountain of Light '' after the translation of the stone 's name , say that the 105-carat diamond was stolen from its true home in India and are demanding that the UK Government returns it .
The stone is `` one of the many artefacts taken from India under dubious circumstances '' , according to David de Souza from the Indian leisure group Tito 's .
Souza claims the British colonisation of India had stolen wealth and `` destroyed the country 's psyche '' .
The jewel was given to the reigning Queen of the time by the last ruler of the Sikhs , Duleep Singh , after the British annexe of the Punjab .
Bollywood star Bhumicka Singh , also part of the group , said : `` The Koh-i-noor is not just a 105-carat stone , but part of our history and culture and should undoubtedly be returned . ''
British Lawyers instructed by the `` Mountain of Light '' group to return the stone , said they would base their case on the Holocaust ( Return of Cultural Objects ) Act , which gives national institutions in the UK the power to return stolen art .
Satish Jakhu , of Birmingham-based law firm Rubric Lois King , said they would make their claim under the common law doctrine of “ trespass to goods ” , arguing that the government had stolen the diamond . He added that they would be taking their case to the International Court of Justice .
Historian Andrew Roberts told the Mail on Sunday : `` Those involved in this ludicrous case should recognise that the British Crown Jewels is precisely the right place for the Koh-i-Noor diamond to reside , in grateful recognition for over three centuries of British involvement in India , which led to the modernisation , development , protection , agrarian advance , linguistic unification and ultimately the democratisation of the sub-continent . ''
According to legend , the gem can only be worn by God or women , and whoever wears the jewel will become extremely powerful , but if a man wears it , he will meet an unfortunate end .
The jewel was also in the crowns of Queen Alexandra and Queen Mary . It remains in the Queen Mother 's crown , which sat atop her coffin at her funeral in 2002 .
The UK Government has so far rejected the claims .
Industry insiders anticipate eased policies covering the realty market after the Government Work Report delivered by Premier Li Keqiang on Thursday featured a softer tone on the industry .
The report omitted any mention of `` curbing investment and speculative demand '' , which had appeared in previous reports , and mentioned only `` people 's demand for housing for personal use and second homes '' , which was interpreted by market players as a signal of further policy easing and other steps to boost demand .
`` We believe the softer tone paves the way for further policy easing , including a cut in the down payment requirement . The government also plans to increase support for government-subsidized housing , including via the purchase of existing housing stock , '' said Wang Tao , chief economist in China with UBS AG .
China will stabilize property market with tailored , market-based policies to guide `` stable and healthy development '' , the report said .
The market went through tough times last year , with slumping prices and sales in many cities .
According to the National Bureau of Statistics , property investment growth slid to 10.5 percent in 2014 from 19.8 percent in 2013 . Slower investment growth and sluggish apartment sales have affected industries ranging from iron ore to banking , and small and medium-sized developers have been under particular pressure .
Developers said that the Government Work Report provided insights that may lead them to seek opportunities in niche markets .
Yang Keng , a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference and head of a Chengdu-based developer in Sichuan province , said his enterprises have been shifting their focus to apartments with basic fittings such as plumbing , rather than bare shells , for consumers who wish to upgrade .
`` I think the current market needs ( basic ) apartments , not luxurious , spacious houses , '' he said .
Analysts said the realty market will benefit from the report 's guidance in 2015 in various ways .
`` There may be further reserve ratio requirement cuts ( for banks ) by the end of 2015 . In first-tier cities such as Shanghai , prices of apartments may climb some 10 percent based on solid demand ... while the prices of large luxury homes may rise between 5 and 8 percent , '' said Jenny Wu , director and head of residential services in eastern China for DTZ , a property services provider .
Although the government aims to stabilize the market , it may not be willing to end purchase limits in cities such as Beijing and Shanghai .
Saudi Arabia and its neighboring Middle Eastern countries are notorious for censoring 'sexual ' album covers by female artists in order to make the artwork more appropriate for a conservative audience .
Record companies hoping to sell their artists 's albums are ever-more sensitive to the beliefs and cultural traditions of each market they 're selling to , and will often tailor album covers in order to avoid offence .
In some extreme cases there have been reports of the Saudi government paying religious police members of the Committee for the Propagation of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice ( CPVPV ) to manually alter from covers .
Who wore it best ? Madonna 's 2008 album was censored with many agreeing the second verison was actually better
Cover up : Countries including Lebanon increased the dimension of the ball in front of her in order to cover her breasts . They ’ ve also colored her legs black in order to give the impression that she ’ s covered up
Going ga-ga : Lady Gaga 's behind was fully clothed when the album was released in the Middle East
The altered covers are found on music download sites such as iTunes as well as in regular stores .
It has been reported in the past that police officers have unwrapped CD cases , removed the front and back inserts and carefully and painstakingly colored in with marker pen any photos baring exposed female flesh that is deemed objectionable .
The CPVP is a government agency that employs religious police , called Muttawa , to make sure that citizens adhere strictly to the teachings of Islam , especially those pertaining to dress , socialization , morality and prayer .
The commission comprises approximately 10,000 Muttawa and has nearly 500 centers within the country .
However , while police officers operating within the Middle East are willing to go to extreme lengths in order to make sure any album artwork is appropriate , it is actually far easier for record companies to simply produce separate versions of well-known covers .
A face peers over the edge several hundred feet above me . It is a grown man gripped by a morbid elation as he looks down on a sheer drop to the rocks , the beach — where I am standing — and the sea .
What he can ’ t see from his perch is that he is resting on an overhang , a lump of chalk protruding over thin air and a very long drop . At any minute , the ground might simply give way , as this famous English beauty spot has had a habit of doing since time immemorial .
What happens next , though , is a more recent phenomenon .
Slowly a hand comes in to view and it is holding — what else ? — a selfie-stick . Click . Moments later , the man has retreated back from the brink and moved on .
How much longer can it be before a new category is added to the list of verdicts available to a coroner ? In addition to ‘ accident ’ , ‘ misadventure ’ and ‘ open ’ , there will soon be a new pronouncement : ‘ death by selfie ’ .
Last year , it was reported that the number of people killed by sharks around the world had , for the first time , been overtaken by the number of those killed while snapping themselves on a phone ( and in a record year for shark attacks , too ) .
Pretty soon , no doubt , someone will kill two birds — and themselves — by taking a selfie with a shark moments before they are chomped to death .
But the number of narcissistic fatalities just keeps on rising . Last month alone , there were at least 15 selfie-related deaths .
Leading the world in this idiocy is India , where selfie-cide is almost a daily occurrence .
In Britain , we have got off fairly lightly thus far . But if it is going to happen anywhere , it could easily be here , on the Sussex coast .
For this six-mile cliff-top between Newhaven and Beachy Head — a stretch of corrugated peaks and troughs known as the Seven Sisters — has become so popular with selfie-seekers that the locals are about to take pre-emptive action .
Lately , we have seen images of jaw-dropping stupidity as daredevil walkers — mainly young men , it seems — creep to the edge of these chalk faces in considerable numbers for that must-have selfie .
Last summer , a local photographer captured a row of irresponsible people sitting at the site , with their feet dangling over an edge which is not even there any more .
In another shot , a man is sitting on a chalk overhang which already has a very obvious fault line running down the side .
It is purely down to luck rather than judgment that no one has been sitting on these chunks of rock when the ground has given way . For erosion is a fact of life here .
‘ Very often , you come here in the morning and see a great pile of chalk and rocks on the beach , ’ says Molly , a volunteer in the National Trust visitor centre . ‘ But with two tides a day , it gets washed away , so people don ’ t see it for long . ’
And in recent years , for reasons which are not entirely clear , there has been a run of particularly hefty falls . Indeed , as Molly points out : ‘ The Seven Sisters have now become eight . ’
That ’ s because one stretch of cliff has had such severe falls either side of a grassy promontory that it has now created an extra peak .
The worst cliff-fall in living memory occurred during a storm in the winter of 2013-2014 when several yards fell into the sea at once . But these episodes are by no means restricted to extreme weather .
A German woman with two young children welcomes the idea of a fence but then wonders whether it would be wise to bash poles into ground that is already unstable .
When the world-renowned Vienna Chamber Orchestra was recently performing at the 31st International Izmir Festival in Turkey , their concert was unexpectedly interrupted by a random dog . The canine walked on the stage , got the best seats , and made itself extra comfortable .
We see the doggie going towards one violinist , who continued playing to the best of his ability . Then the dog did what many of us wanted to do at some point in a classical music concert – that is , lay down and demonstratively yawn .
Apparently , many people in the audience could sympathize with the pooch , as they gave him a few rounds of applause . I mean , even the musicians found it funny and did their best not to laugh .
We don ’ t know where the dog came from , or if it has an owner , but one thing is for sure – its performance on stage was one to remember .
Denmark has been declared the best place in the world to live while the Central African Republic is the worst , according to a new study .
Australia ranks ninth out of a total of 128 countries , the United Kingdom comes in 12th while the United States is 18th .
The results were revealed in the 2017 Social Progress Index which measures 50 indicators of what life is like for people living in different nations around the world .
Those indicators are broken down into three categories - basic human needs , foundations of wellbeing and opportunity .
Basic human needs includes data on access to medication , sanitation , shelter and security ; wellbeing takes in information on education , access to communications and environment ; while opportunity covers rights , freedoms , tolerance , and access to higher education .
Europe was the continent which fared the best , comprising 11 of the 14 countries deemed to be making 'very high social progress ' - the other nations in that category were New Zealand , Australia and Canada .
North American and South American nations were largely ranked as having 'good progress ' , according to the study , while Asian countries were making modest gains .
African countries fared the worst of all those for which data was available , making up six of the seven countries deemed to have 'very low progress ' .
There is more bad news for the continent when compared to previous studies , as two African nations - the Central African Republic and Republic of Congo - recorded the largest drop between the first survey in 2014 and 2017 .
Nicaragua and Hungary were also included in that category .
It was not all doom and gloom , however , as African countries also made up the majority of the most-improved nations .
Côte d ’ Ivoire , Togo , Sierra Leone , Ghana and Nigeria were all singled out for praise .
There was also good news for Nepal , Bangladesh , Myanmar and Kyrgyzstan , which also saw large improvements over the three years .
Some of the most troubled countries in the world - such as Venezuela , Iraq and Syria - were not included in the study because data could not be collected .
Overall the world has made progress since 2014 , the report authors noted , saying that access to communications and education have increased rapidly , though noted that personal rights , personal safety , and tolerance had stagnated or decreased .
TOP 10 NATIONS
1 ) Denmark , 90.57/100
2 ) Finland , 90.53
-3 ) Iceland , 90.27
-3 ) Norway , 90.27
5 ) Switzerland , 90.10
6 ) Canada , 89.84
7 ) Netherlands , 89.82
8 ) Sweden , 89.66
-9 ) Australia , 89.30
-9 ) New Zealand , 89.30
Technology shows such as the annual E3 games conference in Los Angeles have become known for their scantily clad 'booth babes ' designed to attract people to stands .
However , a Dutch firm has taken a slightly different approach for its London event .
TransIP hired a pair of pole dancing robots for an event in Shoreditch . TransIP
The dancers , which cost around £2,500 to hire , were made out of old car parts and were designed by British artist Giles Walker , with their moves controlled by a computer .
The robots were originally created in 2012 by Walker for a show called 'Peepshow ' .
'We are now all living in a peepshow . Continually being watched by mechanical peeping toms on every street corner , ' he said .
'With this in mind , I wondered if it was possible to literally make a CCTV camera sexy using simple mechanics ... and by using the imagery of a pole dancer question the roles played in voyeurism .
'Could this pile of old windscreen wipers and odd pieces of metal become something sexual ... . '
'Inspiration Centraal ' - the free event hosted by Dutch hosting company TransIP - has so far seen more than 3,500 technology enthusiasts attend to hear talks from some of London 's most successful startup entrepreneurs , including MindCandy founder Michael Acton-Smith and 'gaming industry godfather ' Ian Livingstone .
The eight day event , was been staged to celebrate the UK launch of Dutch VPS , hosting and domain name company TransIP .
'We chose Shoreditch and Tech City quite deliberately as our new home , as we are a fan of London 's growing stature as an international technology hub , but frankly our expectations have been exceeded by the level of engagement we 've experienced from the startup community in this beautiful city , ' said TransIP CEO Jeroen Hüpscher .
'We 've been blown away by the reaction to our event , the level of attendance and the infectious enthusiasm for building a vibrant and successful startup ecosystem .
The robots will be pole dancing for the remaining four days of the event , along with presentations from leading figures in the technology industry .
UNICEF is calling on world leaders to reduce air pollution , saying it leads to the deaths of more children yearly than malaria and HIV/AIDS combined .
Around 600,000 children under age 5 die every year from diseases caused by or exacerbated by outdoor and indoor air pollution , especially in poor nations , UNICEF Executive Director Anthony Lake said in the introduction to a report titled `` Clear the Air for Children . ''
Air pollution also hurts children it does n't kill , including the unborn , he said .
`` Pollutants do n't only harm children 's developing lungs , they can actually cross the blood-brain barrier and permanently damage their developing brains , and , thus , their futures . No society can afford to ignore air pollution . ''
The report was released in advance of the November 7-18 UN Climate Change Conference in Marrakech , Morocco , also known as COP22 , the 22nd session of the Conference of the Parties .
COP21 was held in Paris in November 2015 and received a lot more attention , partly because so many world leaders convened not long after a major terrorist attack occurred there .
The conference achieved its major goal : Reaching a legally binding agreement to keep global warming below what most scientists say is the critical threshold of 2 degrees Celsius ( 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit ) of warming .
UNICEF is asking world leaders attending COP22 to take four steps :
-- Reduce pollution by cutting back on fossil fuel combustion and investing in energy efficiency .
-- Increase children 's access to health care , including more immunization programs and information programs about pneumonia , a leading killer of children under 5 .
-- Minimize children 's exposure to air pollution by keeping schools away from factories and other pollution sources and using cleaner cookstoves in homes .
-- Improve monitoring of air pollution .
UNICEF said its air pollution report uses satellite imagery to show the global scope of the air pollution problem .
Around 2 billion children live in places with outdoor pollution exceeding World Health Organization air quality guidelines , the report said . Most of these children live in low- and middle-income countries .
That includes 620 million in South Asia , 520 million in Africa and 450 million in East Asia and the Pacific , UNICEF said .
The outdoor air pollution is most common in low-income , urban areas and is caused by vehicle emissions , heavy use of fossil fuels , dust and burning of waste , the report said .
The satellite map does n't take into account the dangers of indoor pollution , primarily a problem in lower-income , rural areas where people use solid fuels like coal and wood for cooking and heating .
More than 1 billion children live in homes where solid fuels are used in this way , UNICEF said . For example , 81 % of rural households in India use this kind of fuel because it 's cheap and easily available .
Air pollution is an especially serious threat for children because their lungs and immune systems are developing , the report said .
Unborn children are also at risk . Studies show chronic exposure to high levels of particulate matter is associated with high rates of fetal loss , premature births and lower birthrates .
Dick Bruna , the beloved author best known as the creator of Miffy , has died aged 89 . The Dutch illustrator and writer died on Thursday , his publisher Mercis said in a statement , and leaves behind more than 120 books which sold over 85 million copies .
Bruna was born into a family of publishers in Utrecht . According to the Guardian , he created more than 100 posters and around 2,000 book jackets for his family 's company .
His first Miffy books , which were inspired by a story he told his own son , were published in 1955 with Miffy going under the name Nijintje .
The character would go onto become a `` merchandising juggernaut '' ; one that featured on stationery , children 's toys , clothes and other merchandise sold around the world .
Mercis spokesperson Marja Kerkhof said : `` He was very much loved around the world . I remember travelling with him to Australia , to New Zealand , to Asia , to Japan . Wherever he would go people would queue up for signing sessions of his books . ''
Of the success of his illustrations she said : `` It is very clear pictures , almost like a pictogram , and the fact that he leaves so much out - he goes to the essence of things - and of course his very strong , powerful primary colours .
`` Even today if you see it in a store , you would think : 'Hey , this looks different to a lot of other things out there . ' There is no clutter , it 's all very clear . ''
Bruna was loved most of all in his birthplace , Utrecht where , as one fan pointed out , there is even a traffic light shaped like Miffy in Bruna 's honour .
A museum in Utrecht dedicated to Miffy tweeted the news of his death with a picture of Bruna 's beloved character : arms behind her back , and a single tear below her left eye .
Welcome to the 1 % ’ s new airport terminal . Los Angeles international airport on Thursday won approval to build a special terminal to allow celebrities , sports stars and the world ’ s wealthy to glide directly from their chauffeur-driven limo to their first-class seat without having to interact with any of the general travelling public .
The airport ’ s Board of Airport Commissioners unanimously approved LAX ’ s plan to redevelop a cargo hangar into the US ’ s first terminal dedicated to the rich and famous . The airport said the Los Angeles Suite , which will allow celebrities and diplomats to avoid paparazzi , or protesters , by allowing cars to drop off guests behind closed doors , will be operational at a temporary facility within six months .
It will cost $ 1,500- $ 1,800 per trip to use the new terminal , which will include exclusive lounges , dedicated catering and separate security and border checkpoints . When it ’ s time to board , guests will be driven directly to their plane . The plans promise that guests using the new terminal will have to walk about 60 steps , compared to as many as 2,200 from street to plane seat via the public terminals .
Airport officials said the new terminal is aimed at attracting more celebrities and business executives to LAX , and represented a much more cost-effective solution for them to avoiding unwanted attention than spending tens of thousands of dollars chartering a private jet .
Deborah Ale Flint , executive director of Los Angeles World Airports which operates LAX , said allowing celebrities a private route through the airport will also make travelling more pleasant for the general public , who have often been caught up in media scrums .
LAX said the new 43,750ft terminal , which will be built and run by celebrity security firm Gavin de Becker & amp ; Associates , will bring in additional revenue of $ 3.7m in the first year and $ 34m over the 10-year lease .
DeBecker said that if the project proves successful his firm plans to introduce similar facilities at New York ’ s JFK and possibly San Francisco , Miami , Chicago and Dallas .
The Los Angeles Suite is modelled on the Windsor Suite at London ’ s Heathrow , which was once reserved for the royal family and visiting heads of state and diplomatic visits but opened up to those with big wallets in 2008 after the Foreign and Commonwealth Office ( FCO ) cut its funding . Now access is available for anyone for a minimum of £2,000 .
The Heathrow VIP service offers personal shoppers to go out and brave the mayhem of duty free on behalf of guests and promises to take a firm approach with paparazzi . “ Should we be aware of paparazzi at the airport or surrounding public areas , the airport team will request they cease and move on , ” it says in its frequently asked questions .
The lifespan for many sporting stars can be cruelly short - in few professional fields do people hitting 30 get described as `` veteran '' .
But across the Olympics , there is proof that age need not be a barrier to competing at the highest level .
Anthony Ervin , 35 , US , swimming
Sixteen years on from winning gold in the 50m freestyle at Sydney 2000 , Anthony Ervin has reclaimed his title , becoming the Olympics ' oldest swimming champion at 35 .
His `` swimmer 's burnout '' period in between saw him pursue a love of rock music , battle personal demons and even sell his first gold medal to charity .
But he started to train again in 2011 , making the London Olympics in 2012 , and already had a gold medal from the 4x100m freestyle event at Rio .
On his latest gold , he said : `` I 'm keeping it for now . Who knows what the future holds ? ''
Katherine Grainger , 40 , GB , rowing
With a silver alongside partner Victoria Thornley , Grainger has become Team GB 's most decorated female Olympian .
After finally winning gold at the London games , Grainger took two years off to study for a PhD .
She endured a difficult build-up to Rio , with reports she and Thornley had fallen out and suggestions it might be a games too far . All this is why she described the silver as her `` greatest achievement '' .
There are no plans , though , for a shot at Tokyo 2020 , with Grainger telling her parents , `` I wo n't put you through it again . ''
Oksana Chusovitina , 41 , Uzbekistan , gymnastics
Gymnastics is a sport that traditionally favours youth - Aly Raisman , captain of the all-conquering US team , has the nickname `` Grandma '' at the grand old age of 22 .
But one woman bucking that trend is Oksana Chusovitina , who first competed in the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona , and has been at every Summer Games since .
She remains a top-level competitor too , making the vault finals in fifth place against rivals some of who were n't even born when she made her debut .
`` When I was younger , I was quicker and I ran and never got tired , '' she told the BBC before the games .
`` Today , of course , things are different . Now I train with my head . ''
Hoang Xuan Vinh , 41 , Vietnam , shooting
While gymnasts tend to be young , shooting and equestrian have broader age ranges , with competitors having the highest median age of participants .
Proving this point , Vinh gained Vietnam 's first-ever Olympic gold in the men 's 10m air pistol event .
He also won silver in the men 's 50m pistol event .
It delighted his home nation , with Vietnam 's sports minister saying he had `` gone down in history '' .
Kristin Armstrong , 43 , US , cycling
At the time trial last Wednesday , Armstrong became the first cyclist to win three consecutive golds in the same event . Her experience proved crucial on a difficult course .
She was the oldest competitor in the event , and has been in the sport long enough to retire - twice . Her victory came a day before her 43rd birthday .
At home in Boise , Idaho , she works as a community health advocate , finding time to train alongside raising a family .
Asked why she still wants to compete , she said : `` Because I can . ''
Lesley Thompson-Willie , 56 , Canada , rowing
When Thompson-Willie took her seat as coxswain with Canada 's women 's eight rowing team , she tied the record for most appearances by a woman at a games , at eight .
The role involves tactics , motivation and navigation . Coxswains have to be strong enough to sit still in choppy waters and keep their weights to strict limits .
`` I think it 's redefining to our society that we can keep going , as long as we 're active , '' she told the Globe and Mail .
`` Hopefully it 's a sign of the importance of being fit and being able to keep participating in things . ''
Julie Brougham , 62 , New Zealand , equestrian
There are several equestrian competitors in their sixties at Rio , but the oldest , both in the sport and across the whole games , is Julie Brougham .
It is her first Olympics and she is only the third rider to represent New Zealand at that level .
She missed out on qualification in the dressage , finishing 44th .
But with Japanese equestrian Hiroshi Hoketsu competing at the London games aged 71 , she could still have another shot at glory next time .
Ever wondered if your personality was decided at birth ?
It turns out , the order in which you were born can not only have an effect on your personality , but also your chances of academic success .
According to Canadian duo Mitchell Moffit and Greg Brown , fromToronto , who present an online science show , several theories suggest that where you are in your family determines who you are .
FIRST-BORNS
According to Mitchell and Brown , first-born children are expected to be higher academic achievers and more ambitious .
They also have a stronger sense of responsibility and are generally more mature .
They also tend to have better leadership skills than other birth orders .
The explanation is because although they get a lot more affection and attention from their parents , their parents have higher expectations as the first child .
This works as a self-fulfilling prophecy : if there are high expectations placed on you , you are more likely to want to work hard and live up to these expectations .
FAMOUS OLDEST CHILDREN
MIDDLE-BORNS
Middle-born children apparently tend to be more co-operative , flexible and sociable .
They are also able to make and maintain friendships easily .
This is due to the fact that as a middle-born child , there are n't the high expectations of the first child , nor the relaxed attitude accorded to the last child .
As a result , they also tend to be less ambitious than their older brothers and sisters , and so will have a more relaxed attitude in life .
As middle children receive less attention than their other siblings , they seek out relationships and friendships outside of their family , and can be social butterflies .
FAMOUS MIDDLE CHILDREN
LAST-BORNS
The youngest children tend to be likeable and charming .
Other traits they carry are that they are more creative than older siblings , and have a stronger sense of security and confidence .
As their parents have already had other children , they tend to be a lot less strict and are a lot more lenient with their youngest children .
Parents ' expectations will also be lower .
As a result , youngest children will generally be less responsible and mature than older siblings , as they constantly feel like others will take the lead .
FAMOUS YOUNGEST CHILDREN
ONLY CHILD
Only children tend to be academically-able , creative and resourceful .
They are also mature and responsible , and dislike disorder and like to be in control .
Being a parent 's only child , expectations are always high , but unlike a first-born , they never need to fight for the attention of their parents .
Not to mention , being in a household with only adults often leads the child to mature more quickly and copy the actions of the parents , rather than being moulded by siblings ' childish or youthful interests .
But because they have never had to interact with siblings or companions of a similar age , they can have trouble relating to peers and can feel out of control when things in their life do n't go their way .
FAMOUS ONLY CHILDREN
They add that gender , social status , age gaps between siblings and the number of siblings can play a huge role in determining traits .
Moffit and Brown reiterate : 'Some aspects may be true for you , or make a lot of sense , but it wouldn ’ t be the same for every single person around the world in your specific birth order .
'It ’ s important to remember that your personality and your destiny in life is not predetermined at birth . '
It sounds like a job too good to be true .
One of the world 's leading chocolate brands is looking for a professional chocolate taster , who can provide honest feedback on their products .
Mondelez , who own Cadbury 's , Milka and Oreo , need someone they can trust to try out new products and tell them what they think .
The job , with the official title of 'Chocolate and Cocoa Beverage Taster ' requires seven and a half hours a week between Tuesdays and Thursdays from the lucky candidate .
The professional sweet treat checker will be working with 11 panelists and a panel leader in the company 's Reading office .
The work will take place in sensory booths in the Consumer Science discussion rooms .
According to the job description , the taster will need to be able to 'taste chocolate and cocoa beverage products and give objective and honest feedback ' and 'work within a team of panelists to share opinions and collaborate to reach an agreement on taste ' .
The taster 's job will be 'key in helping Mondelez perfect and launch an entirely new product all over the world ' .
Those interested in applying must have a 'passion for confectionery and taste buds for detection ' and be eager to try new products .
According to the company 's LinkedIn page , it 's an entry level job , so years ’ worth of chocolate tasting may not be necessary .
To apply for the role , visit the Mondelez website .
In his first televised interview since his shock election victory , President-elect Donald Trump began to sketch the shape his White House tenure might take after all his tough and troubling rhetoric on the campaign trail .
The interview with 60 Minutes took place at Trump Tower in New York on Friday and was broadcast on Sunday evening . Speaking to CBS News reporter Lesley Stahl , Mr Trump suggested some of what he had promised on the stump over the past year would be toned down , while other pledges would soon be put into practice .
He plans to appoint a 'pro-life ' judge to the Supreme Court
Republicans have worked hard to ignore President Barack Obama 's Supreme Court nominee , Merrick Garland , in hopes of a conservative administration . Now that Mr Trump is the President-elect , he plans to fill the late Judge Antonin Scalia 's seat with someone who would likely vote to overturn Roe v Wade .
When asked about this , he confirmed that his appointees `` would be pro-life '' , which could lead to states issuing bans on abortion . He added that women who seek abortions `` perhaps have to go , they 'll have to go to another state '' .
Up to three million people will be deported
During his campaign , Mr Trump insisted he would deport every last undocumented immigrant living in the US , a group thought to number around 11 million people . In his 60 Minutes interview , however , the President-elect said he would only send home `` criminals '' .
Describing migrants without criminal records as `` terrific people , '' he said his administration would `` get the people that are criminal and have criminal records , gang members , drug dealers… We are getting them out of our country or we are going to incarcerate . ''
Mr Trump put the number of people who fall into that category at `` probably two million , it could even be three million . ''
The 'wall ' on the Mexican border will be part-fence
Mr Trump launched his campaign last year on a promise to build a wall the length of the US-Mexican border . While many were sceptical that he meant it literally - including his own supporters - the property developer insisted he meant a genuine wall of steel and concrete .
It seems now , however , that people may have been right not to take the pledge entirely seriously . Asked by Ms Stahl whether some of the wall would in fact be a fence , he replied : `` There could be some fencing . '' In fact , some 700 miles of the 2,000-mile border is already fenced . But , said the President-elect , in `` certain areas , a wall is more appropriate . ''
He dismisses fears of people of colour and Muslims
Reports of hate crimes spiked in the first days after Mr Trump 's election . Muslim women have reported assaults , while vandals have allegedly scrawled pro-Trump slogans and swastikas on homes and businesses across the country . Many credit the wave to his anti-immigrant and bigoted rhetoric espoused on the campaign trail , celebrated by white supremacists .
But Mr Trump sees these reports as minor incidents amplified by a biased media .
For his part , Mr Trump called on alleged attackers and vandals to stop , if they are in fact carrying out these attacks .
Obamacare might not be entirely repealed , after all
Republicans have been saying for years that they want to repeal and replace Obamacare , and Mr Trump took up that cry on the campaign trail . Since meeting with President Obama at the White House on Thursday , however , he has somewhat moderated his tone on the future of the Affordable Care Act .
In the 60 Minutes interview , he suggested he would like to keep the law 's provisions allowing children under 26 to remain on the parents ' insurance plans and banning the denial of coverage for people with pre-existing conditions , which he said was one of the ACA 's `` strongest assets . ''
He may turn to Hillary Clinton for advice
In the run-up to election day , Mr Trump was threatening to prosecute and jail Hillary Clinton . By the morning after , he was praising her for her public service and her grace in defeat . When she conceded the loss in a phone call , she `` could n't have been nicer , '' he said , calling his opponent `` very strong and very smart '' .
Most remarkably , Mr Trump said he might even consider turning to the Clintons for advice during his presidency .
He wo n't be giving up Twitter , but he 'll try to be 'restrained '
Wow , the @ nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the `` Trump phenomena '' - Donald J. Trump ( @ realDonaldTrump ) November 13 , 2016
On Friday , as the interview was filmed , Mr Trump promised to be `` very restrained '' in his use of Twitter as President . By Sunday , when the interview was broadcast , he had already attacked demonstrators protesting his election victory and the New York Times , suggesting both a lack of restraint and a lack of regard for the First Amendment of the US Constitution .
Describing Twitter as `` a great form of communication , '' Mr Trump credited social media for his victory in an election fight with the far more organised Clinton campaign .
It could be the best action selfie of all time - but there 's speculation that a video of a female snowboarder unwittingly being chased by a bear is fake .
Sydney student Kelly Murphy says she filmed the video while snowboarding at Japan 's Hakuba 47 Ski Resort over the weekend .
In it , she 's seen clipping on her board before slowly moving down the mountain , wearing headphones and singing to Rihanna 's song `` Work '' , when a bear appears hot on her tail .
The video shows the bear chasing the 19-year-old a short distance , but she soon picks up speed and escapes .
Murphy captioned the video : `` OMG ! I was going through my snowboarding videos and I found a bear chasing me ! ! ! I nearly got eaten ! ! ! This was at Hakuba 47 in Japan , filmed yesterday ! Be careful people ! ! ! ''
She told Nine News in Australia that she was `` freaking out '' when she watched the video , and had notified staff at the resort .
However , her viewers were sceptical of its authenticity .
`` Do they have brown bears in Nagano , in central Japan ? Because that looks like a gigantic freakin ' brown bear . Nice try . I call fake , '' one YouTube user wrote .
`` The movement of the bear is fairly well done . The tonal values are way off however , '' Stephen McSorely said .
Ashley Clarke added : `` I wish the fake bear had fake eaten her to stop that awful song . ''
While some women cover their faces with thick layers of foundation to cover up natural freckles , others are apparently getting them tattooed . Yup , freckles are in , and some people would even go under the needle to get them .
Freckle tattooing is reportedly one of the fastest growing beauty treatments available today . Similar to microblading , an eyebrow enhancing procedure , freckle tattooing involves the use of pigments to ink freckle-like dots onto a person ’ s face that eventually blend in with the client ’ s skin tone . As with any tattoo , there is some inevitable swelling , but it subsides after a few months , and the initial dark coloring of the freckles fades to a light brown .
It ’ s unclear when exactly freckle tattooing started , but Montreal-based cosmetic tattoo artist Gabrielle Rainbow is considered one of the pioneers who spearheaded the beauty trend . She says she was inspired by a friend who had become tired of constantly having to paint them on her face with makeup . Rainbow first experimented on herself , although she doesn ’ t recommend tattooing your own face , and after seeing that the effect was very realistic , she decided to tattoo her friend as well .
Gabrielle Rainbow told New Beauty that she now tattoos face freckles for a wide range of clients , from people who naturally get them in the summertime who also want to keep them when they can ’ t get enough sun exposure , to those who are freckle free , but always dreamed of sporting their own ‘ sun kisses ’ .
“ In terms of the freckles , when they are ‘ freshly done , ’ they will appear swollen almost like bee stings , and the swelling will go down within a couple hours and you ’ ll be left with your cute , fresh freckles , ” the cosmetic tattoo artist says . “ Over the course of one to two months , the color will soften dramatically and look more natural . They will fade naturally with time , and if you wish to keep them you can always get the color boosted whenever you like . ”
Freckle tattooing can usually be done in one session , and doesn ’ t require any follow-up appointments . The color of the semi-permanent spots gradually fades , until they disappear completely after about three years . Clients can obviously come in for a touch-up whenever they feel that they need one . Depending on the artist and the size of the freckled area , the price of a tattooing session starts at $ 500 .
Gabrielle Rainbow says she normally takes the ‘ less is more ’ approach when it comes to freckles , but most of her clients love the result so much that the usually ask for more . However , the artist points out that people interested in having their faces tattooed need to do their research before going under the needle . With so much demand for the procedure these days , there are plenty of people looking to take advantage of naive clients , so Rainbow recommends finding artists who aren ’ t afraid to show their portfolio and healed work .
“ Even if this is ‘ semipermanent , ’ there are risks , such as technicians who will go too deep or not use the proper inks , ” the tattoo artist said .
The rules of etiquette have been tossed out of the window yet again as people are being asked to stand on both sides of escalators at Holborn station .
One of the busiest stations on London Underground , Holborn was the first station in the country to urge travellers to stand on both the right and left of upward-moving escalators during an experiment in November last year .
The previous test , which lasted for three weeks , showed that standing actually reduced congestion by 30 per cent – 16,220 people an hour were able to travel on the escalator during rush hour compared to the usual 12,745 when both standing and walking are allowed .
Transport for London ( TfL ) hopes the new standing formation , which this time will be tested for six months , will make the most of wasted space on longer escalators , where most people choose to wait on the right .
Many passengers had expressed concern at being forced to stand where previously they would have chosen to dash up the stairs , but TfL have addressed those fears ahead of this latest experiment .
A third 'up ' escalator will be available for people who wish to tackle the steps with more vigour , they said .
Signs and information will be displayed around the station to encourage people to participate and prevent confusion during the six-month experiment .
They will range from the creative – a talking projection of a staff member – to the more traditional – signs on the floors , footprints on the escalator steps , handprints on the handrails and station announcements .
LU operations director Peter McNaught said : 'I look forward to this new pilot .
'The etiquette on London Underground is for customers to stand on the right of escalators , allowing others to walk on the left . However , few customers choose to walk on longer escalators such as Holborn , so much of the left-hand-side is unused .
'We hope that this can lead to improving congestion at Holborn , making journeys easier for all of our customers . '
Holborn is one of the busiest stations on the Tube network , with more than 56 million customers each year .
The new 'standing only ' escalators are 23.4 metres , and research suggests few people will wish to climb heights exceeding 18.5 metres , TfL said .
A new UK passport design was launched Tuesday with tougher security measures - but immediately sparked a sexism row .
Officials say it will be the 'most secure passport ever issued in the UK ' and contains innovative features to make it more difficult for fraudsters to forge copies .
But the Passport Office was hit by accusations of sexism as the passport features SEVEN men and only TWO women .
The seven men featured are :
- John Constable , the painter of the Hay Wain
- John Harrison , the inventor of the marine timekeeper
- Sir Giles Gilbert Scott , the architect
- Charles Babbage , the inventor of the computer
- William Shakespeare , the playwright , who appears in a new high-security watermark
- Antony Gormley and Anish Kapoor , the sculptors
The two women featured are :
- Elisabeth Scott , the architect
- Ada Lovelace , the early computer programmer
Labour MP Emily Thornberry tweeted : `` Here we go again - new UK # passport has 7 men featured and just 2 women . # weexist ''
But Mark Thomson , director general of the Passport Office , defended the design .
He said : `` It was n't something where we said let 's set out to only have two women .
The new passport also depicts scenes from famous landmarks including the London Underground , the Angel of the North , the Titanic Belfast and the Globe Theatre .
It will be rolled out in a phased approach with the first due to be in circulation from December 2015 .
Commercial passport producer and designer De La Rue says it has already made 28 million of the new documents .
A new passport is released every five years to keep security features up to date and the theme for the latest version is 'Creative United Kingdom ' .
Representing all four countries in the UK , the new designs also incorporate the latest in printing technology to ensure the security of the document remains the top priority .
Niger has banned the export of donkeys , warning that a three-fold increase in trade , mainly to Asian countries , is threatening its donkey population .
`` If the export continues the animals will be decimated , '' a government official has told the BBC .
China imports many donkey hides , using the gelatin in medicinal tonics , aphrodisiacs and anti-ageing creams .
In August , neighbouring Burkina Faso banned the export of donkey skins on similar grounds .
`` About 80,000 donkeys have been exported so far this year compared to 27,000 last year , '' Atte Issa , at Niger 's livestock ministry , said .
The government has also banned the slaughter of any donkeys within Niger .
The BBC 's Baro Arzika in Niger 's capital , Niamey , says the trade in donkeys has become so profitable that livestock sellers are abandoning other animals for the donkey trade .
A donkey now costs between $ 100 ( £75 ) and $ 145 , when it used to cost about $ 34 .
A similar price hike in donkey skin was witnessed in Burkina Faso where the animal 's hide rose from about $ 4 ( £3 ) a few years ago to $ 50 .
In both countries donkeys are commonly used to transport goods , though some communities eat their meat .
The ban was issued through a joint decree by Niger 's ministries of farming , finance and internal affairs and trade .
Why China ca n't get enough donkeys
Gelatin made from donkey skin is highly prized in China as a medicinal tonic , thought to nourish the blood , boost the immune system and act as a general pick-me-up . It is sometimes referred to as one of the `` three nourishing treasures '' ( zi bu san bao ) , along with ginseng and the antlers of young deer .
The most famous donkey gelatin is produced in Dong'e County in Shandong Province , where it is traditionally made with the local well-water .
Donkey gelatin is sometimes mixed with walnuts , goji berries and other tonic foods and sold in dark , gummy slabs that can be eaten as a snack .
Health and longevity is a Chinese national obsession , and tonic foods like this are often lavishly packaged and presented as expensive gifts .
Aside from gelatin , donkey meat is a delicacy in some Chinese regions , especially in the north of the country .
Here , the lean meat is often simmered in a richly-spiced broth , and then cooled , sliced and served with a refreshing dip of chopped garlic and vinegar . The meat has a fine , dense texture and a marvellous flavour that 's a little reminiscent of beef .
In northern Hebei province , one famous snack is the lu rou huo shao , in which chopped , spiced donkey meat is mixed with fresh green chilli and stuffed into a layered pastry - its name is sometimes translated into English as a `` donkey burger '' .
Donkey meat may also be made into soups and stews .
As the Chinese middle classes have grown richer , demand for donkey gelatin and other tonic delicacies has soared - in January the New York Times reported that a shortage of donkey gelatin had encouraged a boom in imitation products .
Having weathered two bruising presidential campaigns and seven turbulent years in the White House , President Barack Obama will now put his survival skills to the test in Alaska 's wilderness .
NBC announced on August 31 that Obama will become the first sitting president to appear in a special edition of the reality show Running Wild With Bear Grylls , which will be taped during his three-day trip to the region beginning Monday .
The president will spend three days in the Alaska Arctic attending a climate change conference , visiting glaciers and meeting with Native American leaders .
According to a press release put out by NBC , the commander-in-chief will meet up with the celebrity survivalist to observe first-hand the effects of climate change in Alaska .
The White House confirmed on August 31 that the shoot will take place Tuesday in Exit Glacier in Kenai Mountains , reported the New York Times .
The expanse of ice is retreating , in what environmentalists say is a dramatic sign of warming temperatures .
The president will then join Grylls in the woods for a crash course in survival techniques . The episode will be aired on NBC later this year .
The inaugural committee for President-elect Donald Trump is out with its initial offerings to donors - and for major money , supporters will have prime access to the administration and first families .
According to a copy of the `` 58th Presidential Inaugural Committee Underwriter Benefits '' brochure obtained by CNN , for $ 1 million , donors will get tickets to a luncheon with Cabinet appointees and congressional leadership , dinner with the Vice President-elect and his wife , lunch with the first families , tickets to an `` elegant '' `` candlelight dinner '' featuring `` special appearances by '' Trump , Melania Trump , Mike Pence and his wife , Karen Pence , and tickets to the parade , swearing in concert and ball .
The brochure also offers various versions of the package for the $ 500,000 , $ 250,000 , $ 100,000 and $ 25,000 price points . All the packages include travel bookings and tickets to various events , with decreasing amounts of tickets and less access . While $ 250,000 and up includes the `` candlelight '' dinner and first family luncheon , less than that only gets access to the official inaugural events and , for $ 100,000 donors , the Cabinet .
The inaugural committee is a separate entity from the campaign and the transition , and can raise money as it sees fit , though donors and bundlers of $ 200 or more will be made public .
Trump 's inaugural committee is chaired by wealthy investment executive Tom Barrack , a friend of Trump 's who spoke at the Republican convention this summer .
The inaugural committee confirmed the document was authentic , but said it was subject to change . The document was first reported by the Center for Public Integrity .
`` The Inaugural events are , to a large extent , privately funded so as to not use taxpayer dollars , '' said committee spokesman Boris Epshteyn in a statement . `` For the 58th Presidential Inaugural , any and all funds raised above amounts needed to fund the Inaugural events will be donated to charitable organizations .
Epshteyn also said the inauguration would not accept any money from `` state or federal registered lobbyists . ''
It is customary for president-elects to raise money for their inauguration , which costs millions .
President Barack Obama limited his 2009 inauguration to raising $ 50,000 per individual , though past inaugurations had set higher limits . But for his 2013 inauguration , donor solicitations obtained by The Associated Press also sought $ 1 million donations .
Trump initially mostly self-financed his primary campaign , using it as a selling point on the stump that he was not beholden to special interests .
But in the general election , Trump raised hundreds of millions from private donors with the Republican National Committee , and though he pledged to spend $ 100 million of his own money , never met that amount , giving less than $ 60 million of his own money through October .
If you want to impress a date , win over a large group of people or charm a colleague , do n't worry about saying something smart , just say something quickly .
Psychologists from Australia have found that people who are quicker at answering general knowledge questions come across as more charismatic .
Other factors , such as IQ and emotional intelligence , are not as important as the ability to think and respond swiftly .
The researchers set out to unveil the psychological bases of charisma , and whether this quality depends on specific traits .
One thing they noticed was that celebrities and other public figures deemed very charismatic were all typically sharp-witted .
In order to test how mental speed contributes to charisma , they carried out a study involving 417 subjects . All the subjects underwent personality and intelligence tests .
The researchers asked the participants ' friends to rate how 'charismatic , ' 'funny , ' and 'quick-witted ' they were .
All of the subjects were then quizzed with 30 simple general knowledge questions , such as 'Name a precious gem ' , which they had to answer as quickly as they could .
The subjects also completed another mental speed test based on visual tasks , including spotting a dot on a screen as quickly as possible .
By cross-referencing the tests ' results with the friends ' answers , the team found that people who were faster in the mental speed tasks were also rated as more charismatic by their peers .
Intelligence and personality turned out to play a smaller role than sheer speed .
Also , against the researchers ' predictions , mental speed was not associated with social skills such as conflict management or understanding other people 's feelings .
'Although we expected mental speed to predict charisma , we thought it would be less important than IQ , ' researcher William von Hippel said .
In their study , published in Psychological Science , the researchers also hypothesised that people who think more quickly could be better at masking a fudged reply by ad-libbing humorous associations .
'Our findings show that social intelligence is more than just knowing the right thing to do , ' von Hippel added .
'Social intelligence also requires an ability to execute , and the quickness of our mind is an important component of that ability . '
Steps are being taken in Thailand to wean Buddhist monks off unhealthy food after a study suggested that almost half of them are overweight .
Jongjit Angkatavanich , a health and nutrition expert at Bangkok 's Chulalongkorn University , says 48 % of monks are obese , the Bangkok Post reports . Her warning that `` Obesity in our monks is a ticking time bomb '' seems to have given the religious authorities cause for concern , with her figures showing that 42 % have high cholesterol levels , 23 % suffer from high blood pressure , and over 10 % are diabetic . Dr Jongjit did n't say how many monks were involved in a study , but she 's helping to roll out a national programme aimed at slimming down Thailand 's holy men .
The government already covers medical fees for monks , who play a prominent part in Thailand 's social and religious life , and spent more than 300m baht ( £6m ; $ 8.5m ) on countering chronic obesity-related problems in 2012 alone , the paper says . Dr Jongjit singles out the sweet drinks and fatty foods that members of the public donate to the monks , and her Faculty of Allied Heath Sciences university is launching a campaign to promote leaner clerical living .
A monastic college and four temples in Bangkok are pioneering nutritional cooking programmes heavy on fibre , protein and calcium , and encouraging the clerics to take more physical exercise . Dr Jongjit says the monks involved have already lost an average of one kilogram ( 2.2lb ) in weight over eight weeks , cut their waistlines by 1.4cm ( half an inch ) , and seen drops in cholesterol levels . Some monks complain that they do n't know how much weight they 're putting on , which is why Chulalongkorn Memorial Hospital has launched a special girdle that tightens around the waist as a gentle reminder .
Bai Shufang , a doctor at a vitiligo hospital in Beijing , China , has been dressing up as a traditional opera character , complete with elaborate facial makeup , as a way to make her patients feel more relaxed .
After noticing that many of her patients had trouble opening up to her about their condition , which affected her ability to prescribe the best treatment for them , Chinese dermatologist Bai Shufang decided to help them relax by adopting a different persona .
Many people are uncomfortable and tense around doctors , so she thought that by radically changing her appearance , she should help them get over their nerves . For the past couple of weeks , Bai Shufang has been spending about an hour every morning , dressing up as a Chinese opera performer , and putting up layers of thick traditional makeup .
Photos of Bai Shufang with her face caked in makeup have received mixed reactions on Chinese social media .
Despite negative comments , the doctor stands by her decision , claiming that she is already seeing results – her vitiligo patients are more relaxed and willing to open their hearts to her . She also has the support of the hospital ’ s manager , who believes that her method could have positive effects on patients .
Bai spends an hour putting up the intricate makeup , and about another hour cleaning her face when she ’ s done for the day . The heavy makeup is already taking a toll on her skin , but she claims these small sacrifices are all worth it if they help make the visit easier for patients .
After photos of Bai sporting her unusual look went viral , some people started calling her China ’ s real-life Patch Adams .
A New York City restaurant is taking a stab at creating the most decadent pizza on the market with a pie topped in gold flakes , foie gras and even truffles .
The 24K pizza is available at Industry Kitchen , an eatery in New York City 's South Street Seaport , for a whopping $ 2,000 and , as the name would suggest , is noted for being covered in flakes of 24-karat gold .
All held together with imported white stilton cheese , the flakes are interspersed on the pie with dollops of Ossetra caviar from the Caspian Sea as well as truffles and Fois Gras from France .
Sliced into eight pieces , the pizza works out to $ 250 per slice , meaning it costs roughly $ 50 per bite .
Talking to Town & amp ; Country , Industry Kitchen Executive Chef Braulio Bunay said he was inspired to create the pizza by the city 's Financial District , which he described as 'the epitome of decadence ' .
'The pizza is extremely rich - if you 're in the mood for a lavish meal , this is the pizza for you , ' he said .
Many are less than impressed by the cheesy indulgence , with the New York Daily News speaking to one dietitian who blasted the lack of nutritional value in the pizza 's most expensive ingredient : the Ecuador-imported gold flakes .
'It does n't have carbs , fat or protein so it wo n't provide calories , unlike sprinkles which have sugar . It 's mostly for decoration . It 's tasteless , ' said registered dietician Alix Turoff .
Yet the pizza is far from the first recipe to incorporate a bit of the precious metal . Earlier this year , Björn DelaCruz , the owner of Filipino restaurant the Manila Social Club , in Williamsburg , New York , created the pricey Golden Cristal Ube Donut .
Topped with golden leaves and flavored with champagne , the confection was sold for $ 100 a pop .
A heroine breaking the rules to reach the top , who never gave up on her `` impossible dream . ''
Not the plot of an action blockbuster , but the premise for the latest film immortalizing the life of a sporting great on the silver screen .
Li Na is Asia 's only grand slam singles champion and , after calling time on her tennis career last year , the Chinese star is set to oversee the adaption of her autobiography for the big screen .
Production on the as-yet untitled flick will begin this fall ahead of a planned release early in 2016 .
`` Li Na had an impossible dream and found a way to turn it into a reality , '' renowned Chinese filmmaker Peter Ho-Sun Chan head of We Pictures , said in a statement .
`` I 'm mesmerized by what she has been able to accomplish and what she represents as a symbol of hope for millions of people around the world . I 'm more curious at her raison d'etre in China today . ''
Li hopes the film will `` inspire others to believe in themselves and follow their dreams . ''
`` I had to make a lot of sacrifices in my life in order to become the best tennis player I could be and the film project makes it all worth it , '' said Li , who reached second in the world rankings after turning pro in 1999 .
Now aged 33 , Li won nine WTA Tour titles during her career , the high points of which were her triumphs at the French Open in 2011 and the 2014 Australian Open .
She called time on her career in September last year due to chronic knee injuries .
In January , Li announced she was expecting her first child with husband , and former coach , Dennis .
Chan 's `` American Dreams inChina '' ranked amongChina 's top-five grossing films of 2014 and took more than $ 90 million at the box office .
The next time you find yourself sighing in annoyance at your colleagues ' inability to munch their crisps quietly , take solace in the fact that this could mean you are a genius .
A new study from Northwestern University suggests that the inability to filter out competing sensory information is a common occurence in the creatively talented .
The study cites creative geniuses such as Charles Darwin , Anton Chekhov and novelist Marcel Proust , who notoriously wore ear-stoppers and lined his bedroom with cork to block out noise whilst he worked .
Lead author of the study Darya Zabelina said : `` The propensity to filter out 'irrelevant ' sensory information ... .happens early and involuntarily in brain processing and may help people integrate ideas that are outside the focus of attention , leading to creativity in the real world . ''
The study analysed 100 participants who were asked to provide as many answers as they could to several unlikely scenarios within a limited amount of time . Participants were then asked to take a `` Creative Achievement Questionnaire '' where they reported their creative achievements across 10 verticals , including : visual arts , creative writing , scientific discovery and culinary arts .
Their answers revealed a strong link between those with the most creative answers and achievements and those sensitive to background noise whilst working .
Celebrating her first day as an adult Sunday , 18-year-old Nobel Prize-winner Malala Yousafzai did the gift-giving — a girls school for Syrian refugees in Lebanon .
`` I demand of leaders we must invest in books instead of bullets , '' Yousafzai said in a speech `` on behalf of the world 's children . ''
When she was 15 , Yousafzai was shot and seriously wounded by the Pakistani Taliban for advocating girls ' education . After recovering , she continued her defiant advocacy , which led last year to her becoming the youngest Nobel laureate ever .
She told Reuters she chose to open the school in Lebanon 's Bekaa Valley `` because I believe that the voices of the Syrian refugees need to be heard , and they have been ignored for so long . ''
Lebanonis hosting more than a quarter of the estimated 4 million Syrians who have fled the country 's civil war , including about 500,000 school-age children .
The school , near the Syrian border , can accommodate up to 200 girls ages 14 to 18 . It was paid for by Yousafzai 's non-profit Malala Fund .
The student body shared birthday cake and sang songs , bringing the Nobel laureate to tears .
Gunmen shot Yousafzai on a school bus . It emerged last month that eight of the 10 militants charged in the 2012 attack were acquitted and not sentenced to life in prison as reported in April .
George Clooney and wife Amal are expecting twins in June .
The Talk 's Julie Chen announced the couple 's double joy on Thursday 's show after confirming the news with the 55-year-old actor .
'Beyoncé is not the only superstar expecting twins , ' Chen , 47 , said on the CBS show .
'Congratulations are in order for George and Amal Clooney ! '
The talk show host added : 'What we did find out is that the twins are due this June . '
The human rights lawyer , 39 , has been showing off a baby bump in recent weeks and appeared to be glowing and in good spirits when she was spotted at Barcelona airport last week with the Ocean 's Eleven star .
Amal kept comfy in a sweater dress that skimmed her stomach as well as opaque black tights and boots .
The notoriously private couple kept tight-lipped about pregnancy rumors when they first arose last month .
George 's longtime friend and frequent co-star Matt Damon , 46 , was thrilled for the couple .
'I 'm thrilled for him . She 's amazing . He hit the jackpot . Just on every level . She is a remarkable woman . They 're gon na be great . They 're gon na be awesome parents . Those kids are lucky , ' Matt told ET Canada .
A source told InTouch in January that Amal , who is of Lebanese-British descent , 'is pregnant with twins : a boy and a girl . '
The couple 'feel like they ’ ve hit the family jackpot ' in light of the big news , the source told the magazine .
'When George and Amal found out it was twins they were surprised , ' the source said , 'but also a little scared because they both had said that one was enough .
'But the news that it was a boy and a girl made them both really happy ... they can ’ t believe in just a few months , they ’ re going to have two babies . '
In addition to InTouch , Amal 's pregnancy with twins was reported by The Lebanon Daily Star earlier this year .
Amal joins another high-profile star who 's expecting twins this year .
Last week singer Beyonce confirmed she is preparing to welcome twins with husband Jay Z .
Julia Roberts had twins at 37 , Jennifer Lopez at 39 , actress Rebecca Romijn at 36 and Mariah Carey at 41 .
George and Amal met through mutual friends at a charity fundraising event in September 2013 .
When their romance went public a source said : 'Clooney asked her out for dinner and she put him off twice , saying she was too busy , before accepting the third time . She was operating on the lines of `` treat 'em mean , keep 'em keen '' . '
The couple got engaged less than a year later in April 2014 and married on September 27 , 2014 at Ca'Farsetti Palace - located in Venice , Italy in front of 100 guests .
A notorious Hollywood bachelor , George once vowed he would never get married again and never have children .
In 2006 he told People magazine , 'Marriage ? Who knows ? I ’ ve been married . It ’ s not something I ’ m looking out for . '
The star was previously married to actress Talia Balsam from 1989 to 1993 before having a string of high-profile romances .
He dated British model Lisa Snowdon on and off between 2000 and 2005 and briefly dated actress Renée Zellweger in 2001 .
The Descendants star also dated actress Krista Allen , model Sarah Larson and Italian actress Elisabetta Canalis .
Before meeting Amal George also romanced WWE star Stacy Keibler from 2011 to 2013 .
Keeping a pet cat puts owners at greater risk of going blind , but a dog appears to protect eyesight , a new study suggests .
Scientists have discovered that dogs and cats carry antigens which can prompt different immune responses in humans .
While the allergen which dogs carry reduces the chance of developing glaucoma – the second leading cause of blindness in theUK– owning a cat nearly doubles the risk of contracting the eye disease .
Many pet owners suffer mild allergic reactions to their pets but still choose to keep them . However the new study suggests that even a small immune response could lead to blindness .
The study by the University of California , Los Angeles , found that cat owners who reacted to their pet allergen had a 90 per cent increased risk of glaucoma compared with non-pet owners . But dog owners were 20 per cent less likely to develop the debilitation condition .
Keeping a dog also has the added benefit that owners are outside more which has been proven to protect against short-sightedness .
“ Not only is Fido man 's best friend , he may also save your sight , ” said British laser eye surgeon Dr David Allamby .
“ Cats could cause our immune system to react in a way that predispose eyes to the development of glaucoma .
“ Exposure to dogs appears to be linked to the opposite effect and could be protective against the disease . ”
Glaucoma occurs when fluid in the eyeball stops draining efficiently , causing a build-up of pressure which damages the optic nerve and nerve fibres from the retina . Previous studies have suggested that inflammation can drive the disease and the researchers wanted to find out if that could be triggered by pet allergens .
Animals frequently groom themselves so allergens from saliva and secretions spread throughout the home , becoming airborne easily where they can be inhaled by humans .
The researchers believe that dogs are healthier for humans because they spend more time outdoors .
“ The protective effect of dogs could be due to their natural antigens in their dead skin , but might also be because they spend more time outdoors and are happy to get dirty , whereas cats are cleaner animals , ” said Dr Anne Coleman , of UCLA .
“ We already know that exposure to dogs and the germs and bacteria they carry can be good for the immune system . Now it seems to be the case for the eyes too .
“ Allergens from cats may have biochemical or physical properties that trigger antibodies targeting the optic nerve , while dog allergens may behave differently , possibly because dogs spend more time outdoors . ''
It ’ s become conventional wisdom thatCannesmeans zilch when it comes to Oscar . But is it true ?
Look back at the past 10 years , and you ’ ll see that the Cannes-Oscar relationship is more complicated — and at times more unpredictable — than you might think .
First of all , let ’ s admit it : If you win the Palme d ’ Or ( the festival ’ s top award ) , you might as well abandon all hope of taking home that little golden man . Which is bad news for some of the most prominent English-language titles competing for the Palme this month , including Gus Van Sant ’ s The Sea of Trees , Denis Villeneuve ’ s Sicario , Todd Haynes ’ Carol and Justin Kurzel ’ s Macbeth .
Over the past decade , not a single Palmaire has gone on to capture the best picture Oscar , and only one Palme winner has even been nominated in the best-picture category : Terrence Malick ’ s Tree of Life ( 2011 ) .
Surprisingly , Cannes hasn ’ t had a great track record in the foreign-language category over the past decade , either .
Three Palme winners in that timeframe were also nominated for a foreign-language Oscar — Laurent Cantet ’ s The Class ( 2008 ) , Michael Haneke ’ s Amour ( 2012 ) and that same director ’ s The White Ribbon ( 2009 ) . Amour was the sole Oscar winner .
You ’ d think that might be because the Academy ’ s arcane rules only allow each country to submit one film , which in the past has excluded some Palme winners from contention ; but four other Palme honorees were chosen to represent their home countries and still failed to get nominated : the Dardenne brothers ’ The Child ( Belgium ) ; Cristian Mungiu ’ s 4 Months , 3 Weeks and 2 Days ( Romania ) ; Apichatpong Weerasethakul ’ s Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives ( Thailand ) ; and Nuri Bilge Ceylan ’ s Winter Sleep ( Turkey ) .
Two recent Palme winners were ineligible for a foreign-language Oscar because they were shot in English : Ken Loach ’ s The Wind That Shakes the Barley and Malick ’ s Tree of Life . Another high-profile contender , Blue Is the Warmest Color , didn ’ t qualify to be the French entry because it was released too late in the year to meet the Academy ’ s deadline .
Where Cannes and the Academy have overlapped the most , surprisingly , has been in the actor arena , and not just for Anglo-centric performances . In fact , only oneCanneswinner who also got nominated for an acting Oscar in the past 10 years was `` Anglo-Saxon , '' as the French like to refer to the English-speaking community : Bruce Dern ( Nebraska ) .
Four of Cannes ’ best actor honorees in the past decade have been nominated for an Oscar , and two of them have gone on to win : Christoph Waltz ( Inglourious Basterds ) and Jean Dujardin ( The Artist ) . Javier Bardem was also Oscar-nominated ( for Biutiful ) , but—like Dern — didn ’ t win .
If that bodes well for some of the actors at Cannes this year , the actresses might as well give up right now . Penelope Cruz was the only Palme winner in the past decade also to be nominated for an Oscar ( for Volver ) . By contrast , none of the five actresses who shared theCannesaward with her for the same film received a nomination .
It creates a sound that sets teeth on edge and , we ’ re often told , raises the risk of arthritis .
But people who can crack their knuckles may actually have healthier joints than others .
Scientists say that the force involved in making fingers ‘ pop ’ is more than enough to cause damage .
Yet , studies show that regular knuckle-cracking doesn ’ t seem to do any harm .
This suggests it is actually a sign of very healthy joints .
The theory comes from Canadian researchers who used MRI scanners to peer deep inside the fingers and record just what happens when knuckles are cracked .
One of the team , a ‘ gifted knuckle-cracker ’ , put one finger at a time into a tube connected to a cable .
This wire was then slowly pulled until the joint in large knuckle in the middle of each finger popped .
After about six seconds pulling the cable , the two bones suddenly shot apart , creating a cavity , or bubble , within the fluid that bathes the inside of the joint .
The cracking – which took less than a third of a second - occurred at the precise moment the bubble was formed , the journal PLOS ONE reports .
Lead author Professor Greg Kawchuk , from the University of Alberta , said : ‘ We call it the “ pull my finger study ” – and actually pulled someone ’ s finger and filmed what happens in the MRI .
‘ When you do that , you can see very clearly what is happening inside the joints .
‘ It is a bit like forming a vacuum .
‘ As the joint surfaces suddenly separate , there is no more fluid available to fill the increasing joint volume , so a cavity is formed and that event is what is associated with the sound . ’
The scans also showed a mysterious white flash occurs just before the noise is heard .
Further research is needed into this streak of light – and why the cracking sound is so loud .
However , the researchers are happy to have shown that the noise is created when a bubble forms inside the knuckle .
Although this was first suggested more than 100 years ago , recent thinking has been that the crack is created when a bubble bursts .
Previous studies have shown that between 25 and 54 per cent of us crack our knuckles – with men doing it more than women .
And despite the common wisdom that the habit raises the risk of arthritis , previous studies have failed to prove this .
One comparison of Los Angeles nursing home residents found those who had regularly cracked their knuckles were actually less likely to have damaged joints .
The US researchers behind that study concluded : ‘ The chief morbid consequence of knuckle cracking would appear to be its annoying effect on the observer . ’
With just four months to go until Apple 's new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are released , leaks are definitely starting to pick up pace . It makes sense in light of the recent news that iPhone 7 production is now underway — Apple has never been able to keep a lid on things once workers at its manufacturing partners ' plants get their hands on new iPhone parts .
If you have n't already seen them , be sure to check out all of the big iPhone 7 leaks you missed from this past weekend . Once you 're done there , we have an even bigger treat for all the eager Apple fans out there : In all likelihood , the leaked photo below is our first look at a genuine iPhone 7 in the flesh .
Apple news cycles in mainstream media bounce dramatically between positive and negative . Things were generally pretty downbeat as the company 's iPhone business made its climb , but then things reversed completely following the record-shattering launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus . Now that reporters and analysts have come to terms with the fact that Apple 's iPhone business could n't grow at breakneck speed forever , things have gotten negative again .
As part of the overall negativity on Apple right now , the idea that the upcoming new iPhone 7 is going to be `` boring '' has begun to permeate through the media . This downbeat attitude is based solely on rumors surrounding the new iPhone 's design . People in the know have suggested repeatedly that the new iPhone 7 will look a great deal like the current iPhone 6s and 2014 's iPhone 6 , but nothing has really been confirmed at this point .
Until now , perhaps .
We 've already discussed why a `` boring '' new iPhone 7 design probably would n't be such a big deal . You can read about why in our earlier post . Apple had better hope that most of its customers feel the same way because it looks like next year 's iPhone 7 will indeed look strikingly similar to the current flagship iPhone .
Behold what is likely our first look at a real iPhone 7 :
The photo of what is claimed to be an actual iPhone 7 was posted on Weibo by a user named `` Qiu Han tie , '' and it came alongside images of two different internal components said to be destined for inclusion in the iPhone 7 . This iPhone 7 image aligns exactly with what we 've seen in earlier leaks and heard from reliable sources , and it is believed to be authentic .
In the image , we see an iPhone that indeed looks a great deal like the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s . On the plus side , the camera lens is huge compared to the one on the iPhone 6s , suggesting that we can expect a dramatically improved camera on the next-generation iPhone . On the flip side , the redesigned antenna lines follow a better path than the current ones , but they appear to be significantly thicker and still just as ugly .
Is this the real deal ? Production is underway and all signs point to yes , but obviously nothing is 100 % confirmed until Apple unveils its new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus this coming September . In the meantime , this photo likely gives us a good idea of what we can expect . Why would Apple release new iPhones that look just like old iPhones ? That will be a much-debated topic over the coming months , but do n't forget that a completely redesigned iPhone is expected next year for the iPhone 's tenth anniversary .
To commemorate Prince George 's second birthday on July 22 , the Royal Mint will release a limited edition sterling silver £5 coin .
The coin features a contemporary re-imagining of the St George and the dragon legend by artist Christopher Le Brun while the other side features the portrait of the Queen by Jody Clark .
Priced at £80 and limited to just 7,500 coins , its design has been approved by parents William and Kate , the Queen and Chancellor George Osborne .
St George is a familiar figure on British coinage , first appearing on certain gold coins issued during the reign of Henry VIII . The classic St George and the dragon image created by Benedetto Pistrucci in 1817 has graced the coins of almost every monarch since George III , and the Royal Mint says Le Brun 's composition applies a 'dynamic and new approach to the portrayal of the classic tale ' .
Shane Bissett , director of commemorative coin and bullion at the Royal Mint said : 'The choice of the St George design to honor Prince George 's birthday is an apt one - the name George has long had links with the British monarchy and its coinage , there having been six kings of that name during the Royal Mint 's 1,000 year history . The choice of a silver £5 coin is significant too as the tradition of crossing the palm of a new born baby with silver is a way to wish them wealth and good health throughout their life . '
The silver £5 coin issued by The Royal Mint to mark the birth of Prince George in 2013 was so popular that its mintage of 10,000 coins sold out within days .
On the face of it , scentless cologne might seem pointless . If it ’ s not going to spritz you with enticing-smelling scent , what ’ s the point ?
And yet one perfume company is selling just that - Escentric Molecules fragrances are practically scentless , but apparently mingle with the wearer ’ s natural pheromones to create a unique smell .
After all , no one wants to smell the same as everyone else , do they ?
It 's a scientific new approach to perfumes - there is just one aroma molecule in each fragrance , and the other ( odourless ) ingredients in the formula are selected to enhance this aroma-molecule and amplify its key qualities .
The concept was created in 2006 by perfumer Geza Schoen , who has been heralded as a rising star in the fragrance industry . The range is now stocked in Selfridges , Liberty London and on Net-a-Porter .
It ’ s a unique departure from traditional perfumes and colognes that are generally made up of top- , middle- and base-notes , and tend to smell the same on everyone .
Because of something called olfactory adaptation , you never know quite how strongly your fragrance smells either - after a few minutes of exposure to a smell , it becomes 80 percent less powerful .
Escentric Molecules are shaking things up though , and celebrities including Rihanna , Beyoncé , Jay-Z and Kate Moss are rumoured to be fans . It likely wo n't be long before other perfumers are experimenting with the technology too .
The colognes are unisex and smell different on every wearer , but much like the majority of designer perfumes , 100ml of eau de toilette will set you back nearly £70 .
New York-based GQ writer Adam Hurly recently tried the fragrances and revealed that he was pleasantly surprised by them , despite being sceptical beforehand : “ I liked it . I liked it a lot , ” he wrote .
Hurly tested two of the Escentric Molecules fragrances : the confusingly-named ‘ Escentric 01 ’ and ‘ Molecule 01. ’ Of the two , he preferred the former .
“ Once applied , it reminded me of how my loved ones ( and other people I get close enough to smell ) have a unique , identifying scent to them - some original musk that permeates their apartment and clothes and car , ” he explains .
But there ’ s no way of knowing how you ’ ll smell until you spritz yourself with the perfume .
With a variety of bands , and price tags ranging all the way from $ 349 – $ 17,000 , there ’ s an Apple Watch for everyone . Except , possibly , the heavily tattooed .
That ’ s according to a new thread on Reddit which claims that several tattoo-sporting Apple Watch customers are having trouble using the device , because the wearable ’ s wrist-detection feature gets confused by the way in which tattoos reflect the green and infrared light emitted by the Watch .
The result ? People with tattoos don ’ t get notifications , unless they move the Watch to an un-tattooed area , or turn off wrist detection . Not exactly ideal for those with full sleeves !
“ I thought my shiny new 42mm [ Watch ] had a bad wrist detector sensor , ” writes one user . “ The [ W ] atch would lock up every time the screen went dark and prompted me for my password . I wouldn ’ t receive notifications . I couldn ’ t figure out why especially since the watch was definitely not losing contact with my skin . [ A ] lso I couldn ’ t find anything online with people experiencing this issue . I was about to give up and call Apple … when I decided to try holding it against my hand ( my left arm is sleeved and where I wear my watch is tattooed as well ) and it worked . My hand isn ’ t tattooed and the Watch stayed unlocked . Once I put it back on the area that is tattooed with black ink the watch would automatically lock again . ”
As a possible explanation , another Redditor writes that :
“ Oxyhemoglobin has several local peaks of absorbance which can be used for pulse oximetry : one green , one yellow , one infrared , etc . Apple uses the ones at infrared and green parts of the spectrum . Now , here ’ s some key facts . Melanin and ink are both equally good at absorbing frequencies over 500nm , which sadly includes the green . But , melanin ’ s absorbance falls down so rapidly that by the infrared end of the spectrum its hardly absorbing anything at all . That , combined with the fact that Apple adjusts the sensitivity/light level dynamically means infrared is probably black people friendly . Ink has a much more gradual fall off , so even infrared might not work for them . ”
While it ’ s possible to turn off the wrist detection feature , this also stops Apple Pay from working . We ’ ve reached out to Apple to ask if this is a problem that ’ s been reported elsewhere , and will update this post when we hear back .
Tattoo-gate , anyone ?
A group of eight Chinese tourists in Israel has been handed a 16,500-shekel ( £3,280 ) bill after visiting a restaurant in the hills outside Jerusalem where one might typically expect to spend tens of pounds on a meal .
The cost of the meal at the Abu Ghosh restaurant in the Israeli Arab village of the same name , famous for its unpretentious eateries often specialising in hummus , came to light after an Israeli tour operators ’ association posted a copy of the bill on social media and suggested that the tourists may have been “ suckered ” .
That put the association at loggerheads with the owners of the restaurant , who have contested the circumstances of how the bill was run up .
Reacting to the bill , which was first reported in the Israeli business magazine Globes , the tourism association said : “ There may be a billion Chinese , but they may not all be suckers . These Chinese said they would not be back and would not recommend their friends to visit Israel .
“ Naive customers are a very shaky basis for a business plan , and by behaving this way we are destroying with our own hands the budding potential of the Chinese market for Israel . ”
The village of Abu Ghosh is popular with tourists and Israelis , who flock to its restaurants , particularly at the weekend , and Abu Ghosh restaurant is listed as one of the best places to eat hummus on websites such as TripAdvisor .
Defending the bill , Jawdat Ibrahim , one of the restaurant ’ s owners , said half of the restaurant – which has a capacity of 300 – had been rented by the tour party , who stayed for hours and ordered large amounts of grilled meat and alcohol . The tourism association denied this claim , saying it had spoken to the unnamed tour operator used by the group .
Speaking to the Guardian , Ibrahim blamed “ envy ” from competitors for fuelling the controversy . “ Abu Ghosh restaurant is very famous . For 25 years it is has been known not just domestically but internationally .
“ There are people who are envious of the fact that tourists make a pilgrimage to Abu Ghosh and not to some other establishments , including in Tel Aviv . ”
Explaining the circumstances of the row , he added : “ A while ago Chinese television made a programme about the restaurant and afterwards a guide from a Chinese tour company called me and asked me to prepare a private section for a group of Chinese .
“ I was told they were very important people and they wanted to reserve a special section of the restaurant on Friday night , our busiest day . We provided them with their own bar and expensive drinks and a whole stuffed lamb , which cost me a lot .
“ They seemed happy and gave us a large tip and then someone put the bill on Facebook ! People don ’ t understand of course we have meals that cost $ 15 but this was special . ”
Defending the decision to publish the bill , the tourism association told Israeli media : “ The association decided to make this incident public in order to illustrate the importance of fair and polite treatment of tourists who come to Israel and are an important sector of the country ’ s economy . Incoming tourism represents about 15 % of total exports of services by the state of Israel , and is an important generator of employment in the periphery . ”
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard have ended their acrimonious divorce battle , reaching a settlement for Heard to receive $ 7 million and drop her case .
Depp , 53 , is estimated by Forbes magazine to be worth $ 48 million .
The couple , who were married for 15 months , released a joint statement confirming the news .
`` Our relationship was intensely passionate and at times volatile , but always bound by love , '' they said .
`` Neither party has made false accusations for financial gains .
`` There was never an intent of physical or emotional harm .
`` Amber wishes the best for Johnny in the future . Amber will be donating financial proceeds from the divorce to a charity . ''
She does not specify what percentage , and which charity .
Heard and Depp had met in 2009 , while filming The Rum Diaries . But they did not become a couple until 2012 , after Depp split from his partner of 14 years , French actress Vanessa Paradis .
Amber Heard is giving away every penny from the $ 7 million divorce settlement she got from Johnny Depp to charities that help battered women and sick children .
Heard , 30 , told TMZ she is donating the money to both the American Civil Liberties Union and the Children 's Hospital of Los Angeles , where she says she has worked as a volunteer for 10 years . The money will divided equally between the two charities .
A Chinese company has treated 6,400 members of staff to a four-day holiday in France , booking 140 hotels in Paris and 4,700 rooms on the Cote d'Azur .
The employees of Tiens Group , a conglomerate chaired by one of China 's business billionaires , Li Jinyuan , is the biggest tour group to ever visit France . During the four-day break between Paris and Nice the group is expected to spend €13 million ( £9.5 million ) on hotels , food and excursions including a mass private viewing of the Louvre museum and a trip to the Moulin Rouge cabaret show .
On Friday 147 buses took the group from their four or five-star hotels to the Promenade des Anglais in Nice , where they formed the words “ Tiens ’ dream is Nice in the Cote d ’ Azur ” , in a record-breaking `` longest human-made phrase '' .
Yet in recent years the Chinese have also become obsessed with the idea that their citizens are badly behaved abroad and contribute to a bad national reputation , something which whether true or not the government repeatedly attempts to redress .
In one incident , a young Chinese man was photographed writing graffiti on an ancient Egyptian temple in Luxor . Then , a plane headed to Nanjing had to turn back to Bangkok after a group of passengers scalded a Thai stewardess with steaming noodles . Such incidents have made “ the Chinese people blush with shame , ” the National Tourism Administration said on its website .
On microblog sites Chinese internet users expressed concern that such a large group in France would further tarnish the county ’ s image abroad . “ The pictures are shocking , ” wrote one user , Zhouminghua , on Sina Weibo . “ I ’ m afraid that they don ’ t understand and respect foreign cultures . We ’ ve suffered enough from this problem . ”
South Korea 's capital , Seoul , has chosen a new slogan to promote the city internationally , but it has left some people confused .
`` I.Seoul.U '' triumphed in a vote held in the city on Wednesday , beating two other options : `` Seoulmate '' and `` Seouling '' , the Korea Times reports . A panel of nine experts , including two professors , and more than 1,000 members of the general public took part in the final selection . The slogan will be used to promote the city around the world , and replaces the current `` Hi Seoul '' . According to the paper , the project cost in the region of 500 million won .
Even before the vote , many people raised concerns that `` I.Seoul.U '' does n't make much sense in English , and that none of the finalists inspired interest in the city . Now that the slogan is official the mockery has increased , with social media users posting parodies online , the Korea Herald reports .
On the city government 's Facebook page thousands of users have `` liked '' posts about the new branding , and plenty welcome it as a `` great choice '' . But many are n't happy , with some calling it `` Konglish '' - the Korean practice of adopting English words in a way that English speakers often can not understand . `` They were all rubbish but at least Seoulmate actually made sense , '' writes one user . `` Terrible choice . I was in Seoul this year and this makes me feel nothing of what I felt when I visited , '' another person says .
Previous slogans have included `` Infinitely yours , Seoul '' , which apparently expressed the city 's `` infinite capacity for development '' , and the potentially risky `` Seoul , My ... '' , which left a gap for people to fill as they saw fit .
Returning for a third season was this deliciously dark animated comedy about an anthropomorphic horse who 's also a washed-up TV star living in cosseted semi-retirement in Los Angeles , searching for a purpose in a world where all his material needs are met .
Somehow condensing Tolstoy 's doorstep while retaining its emotional and philosophical core , Andrew Davies 's adaptation was also blessed with stunning set pieces and a magnificent cast led by Paul Dano , James Norton and Lily James . Norton and James ' ballroom coup de foudre sent spirits soaring higher than anything else so far this year .
Defying lazy predictions that it would be a pro-euthanasia tract , this deeply affecting documentary instead gave equal weight to the agonies of Simon Binner , whose determination to die before motor neurone disease incapacitated him seemed absolute , and his wife Debbie , who loved him too much to let go .
An unusally intimate portrait of an extraordinary life , illustrated through never-before-seen archive film footage and royal home movies that were made especially touching by the responses of younger generations , including Charles , William and Harry , to seeing them for the first time .
Tom Hiddleston and Olivia Colman vs Hugh Laurie and Tom Hollander , in a story by John Le Carre and directed by Oscar winner Susanne Bier ? With ingredients that seductive , The Night Manager could hardly fail , and BBC One 's lavish thriller of revenge , deceit and amorality duly entranced the nation .
Against overwhleming odds ( John Travolta 's hairline , Cuba Gooding Jr 's gurning ) , this forensic retelling of the trial that gripped America embraced both high camp and deep seriousness to become a weirdly , unexpected compelling prospect . Truly , truth can be stranger than fiction .
Returning for a wildly anticipated sixth season , Game of Thrones has not disappointed in 2016 . As the leading families of the Seven Kingdoms continue to struggle for power , religious fanaticism begins to take hold in Westeros .
This no-holds-barred and surprisingly poignant comedy from Phoebe Waller-Bridge was adapted from her Edinburgh Fringe stage show . Waller Bridge stars as Fleabag , a sex-obsessed , underachieving - but incredibly witty - twentysomething . Bill Paterson plays her emotionally withdrawn father , Olivia Colman her passive-aggressive mother .
Benedict Cumberbatch cut an impressive figure as Shakespeare 's greatest anti-hero , Richard , Duke of Gloucester ( and future king of England ) . Cumberbatch may have stolen the show , but his cold-blooded psychopath had stiff competition from Sophie Okonedo 's fiery Queen Margaret .
An 18-year-old girl from Austria is taking her parents to court for posting over 500 photos of her on Facebook since 2009 , without her permission .
The unnamed girl from Austria ’ s Carinthia state has apparently become fed up with her parents refusal to take down intimate and embarrassing photos of her dating back to when she was a toddler , and is now seeking justice in court . She told Ganze Woche magazine that even though she was 11 years old when her parents started sharing photos of her with several hundreds of Facebook friends , they went as far as to post pics of her as a toddler , without ever asking if it was alright with her . “ They knew no shame and no limit – and didn ’ t care whether it was a picture of me sitting on the toilet or lying naked in my cot – every stage was photographed and then made public , ” the young plaintiff said .
Referred to as Anna Meier ( name changed by magazine editors under Austrian privacy laws ) , the girl added that she was only able to see the photos posted on Facebook by her parents when she was 14 , after setting up her own account on the world ’ s most popular social network . Angry and upset , Anna asked her mother and father to remove the over 500 photos of her immediately , but they refused . She kept asking them over the years , but faced with constant refusal , she felt that she had no other way to coerce them than taking them to court . Which she did as soon as she turned 18 , this year . “ I ’ m tired of not being taken seriously by my parents , ” she said .
Anna ’ s lawyer , Michael Rami , claims they have a good chance of winning the case in court , if it can be proven that the images have violated her rights to a personal life . A judge will hear arguments in November , in what is the first case of its kind in Austria . But , based on similar cases and according to Austrian privacy laws , if the parents lose , they may be forced to pay their daughter a sizable compensation as well as an administrative fine of 3,000 – 10,000 euros .
Although Anna is convinced that her right to privacy has been violated , her parents , on the other hand , see nothing wrong with posting baby photos of her . “ I consider it my right to be able to publish these photos , ” her father said . “ After all , this is our child and the photos are part of our lovely family album which has been well received by our Facebook friends . We have posted no more photos of our daughter since she stopped allowing us to photograph her . We also have baby photos of her that can only be seen by a limited group of 700 Facebook friends . ”
Ganze Woche reports that the 18-year-old has moved out of her parents ’ home and is living with some girl friends in a rented apartment .
In a recent press release , German media law firm Wilde Beuger Solmecke advises parents not to post photos of children on Facebook without their consent . Apart from legal consequences and subsequent compensation , they also risk making their children – especially those of school age – targets for cyber-bullying .
Nearly half the species on the planet are failing to cope with global warming the world has already experienced , according to an alarming new study that suggests the sixth mass extinction of animal life in the Earth 's history could take place in as little as 50 years .
A leading evolutionary biologist , Professor John Wiens , found that 47 percent of nearly 1,000 species had suffered local extinctions linked to climate change with populations absent from areas where they had been found before .
Professor Wiens , who is editor of the Quarterly Review of Biology and a winner of the American Society of Naturalists ' Presidential Award , said the implications for the future were serious because his review showed plants and animals were struggling to deal with the relatively small amount of global warming experienced to date .
So far the world has warmed by about 1℃ above pre-industrial levels , but it is expected to hit between 2.6 and 4.8C by 2100 if nothing is done to reduce greenhouse gases .
Another problem facing life on Earth is the election of climate science denier Donald Trump as US president .
Professor Wiens , of Arizona University , described this as a `` global disaster '' and , when asked what he would say to the President-elect if he met him , he joked grimly : `` Kill yourself immediately . ''
In his study , published in the journal PLOS Biology , the scientist examined academic papers about 976 different species from all over the world that had been studied at least twice , once about 50 years ago and again within the last 10 years .
`` In almost half the species looked at , there have been local extinctions already , '' he said .
`` What it shows is species can not change fast enough to keep up with a small change in climate . That 's the big implication - even a small change in temperature and they can not handle it . ''
The study looked at 716 different kinds of animals and 260 plants from Asia , Europe , North and South America , and elsewhere .
There were few areas of the planet that were unaffected .
The current rate of global extinction of animals and plants is believed to be faster than some of the five great extinction events in the Earth 's history , but so far the total number lost does not compare to the species lost when the dinosaurs were wiped out about 65 million years ago .
However one reason geologists are considering declaring a new epoch in the planet 's history is the rapid loss of flora and fauna that will have a noticeable effect on the fossil record .
Professor Wiens said : `` It 's true that in terms of global extinction of entire species that have already happened , I think we 're not there [ at the sixth mass extinction ] yet .
`` But I think unfortunately we are on track for that to happen .
There were already `` two bad signs '' that Mr Trump 's election would make things worse , Professor Wiens said .
`` One would be this person he 's assigned to head the EPA ( renowned climate science denier Scott Pruitt ) and the other thing is pulling out of the Paris accord , '' he said .
Asked what he would really say to Mr Trump if they met , Professor Wiens said : `` I guess I would tell him 'what would you think if there was a country on the other side of the world that was releasing gas that was going to cause extinctions in our country , to hurt our crops and make people starve ' .
`` He would say , 'tell me where it is and we 'll bomb them tomorrow ' . Then I 'd say , 'this is what we 're doing to other countries because we are the big polluters . '
From the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's 2011 wedding to the 2012 Diamond Jubilee , no royal event would be complete without them .
Now a trickle of royal fans , some familiar faces among them , have begun arriving at the Lindo Wing ahead of the royal birth . But the group , which includes well-known royal enthusiast Margaret Tyler , 71 , could be in for a long wait .
All fans had come prepared with Union flags , posing happily for the gathering Press pack .
Joining Mrs Tyler was another familiar face - that of self-confessed royal 'superfan ' John Loughery , 60 , who camped out overnight ahead of the 2011 Royal Wedding and was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of Princess Diana in 2008 .
Mr Loughery , a former chef , said at the time he hoped to go down in history for the feat and told the BBC that he would n't be surprised 'if a portrait of me is hanging inside Kensington Palace in 100 years from now ' .
Equally serious about the Royal Family is Mrs Tyler , an avid collector of royal memorabilia who has amassed a trove worth more than £10,000 .
Mrs Tyler , who gave birth to her son Andrew at the Lindo Wing , says she considers the royals to be part of her family and has been following their exploits for more than 40 years .
Her collection of royal souvenirs , which includes a £1,200 bust of Prince Charles , is so vast , it takes up four rooms in her small terraced home in London .
Like Mr Loughery , Mrs Tyler was also at the Lindo Wing for the birth of Prince George and ended up spending six days waiting for him to arrive .
'I was there for six days , ' she told a recent episode of BBC2 show Collectaholics . ' [ My son ] Andrew was born at St. Mary 's and I was only there for two days .
'I just wanted to feel close to them [ William and Kate ] , I suppose . I spent the time meeting people , and chatting.I was convinced it was going to be a girl , but it was n't . '
She describes her collecting as a 'labour of love ' and says every day is dominated by her royal obsession .
'There 's loads of royal magazines that I read , so I get up at about 4.30am to keep up with it all , ' she reveals .
'I 'm retired but I do n't think I 've actually ever worked so hard in my life . It takes a lot of work [ to maintain ] but it 's a labour of love . '
Experts say royal watchers could be in for a long wait as second babies tend to come late .
The police have also begun patrolling outside the Lindo Wing and have barred photographers from getting too close to the door .
A fresh new shirt delivered at the push of a button is now on offer for travellers in the US .
Japanese fashion brand Uniqlo has installed a vending machine dispensing clothing at Oakland Airport in California .
Nine other machines will pop up at airports and malls at sites including Los Angeles , Houston and New York in the coming months .
They will stock men and women 's shirts and lightweight jackets .
Uniqlo USA chief executive Hiroshi Taki said the technology brought `` convenience to travellers looking for a warm jacket without the bulk or a versatile undershirt '' .
The company hopes the gimmick will help entice customers to the Asian brand , which has struggled in its attempts to penetrate the US market .
Airports and malls were selected as high-traffic locations to supplement its 45 stores in the country .
The retailer , owned by Japan 's Fast Retailing , has close to 1,900 stores worldwide selling inexpensive casual wear .
The vending machines will stock tops retailing at about $ 15 ( £11.30 ) and lightweight jackets for about $ 70 ( £53 ) .
Fast Retailing is the world 's third largest retail apparel company and also owns Helmut Lang and J Brand . There are no plans to use the vending machines outside the US .
Engineering is the most common degree among the world ’ s top billionaires , researchers say .
More than a fifth of the 100 wealthiest people studied the subject , which accounts for twice as many billionaires ’ university courses as the next most popular choice – business .
Engineering graduates are also the richest among their prosperous peers .
They have an average wealth of £17.3 billion , compared with a net worth of £16.1 billion for those without a degree and £15.1 billion for those who studied finance .
The findings will add weight to calls for more youngsters to consider studying engineering , which has traditionally been seen as less popular than arts subjects .
Last year , education charity Sutton Trust found those taking engineering can earn 55 per cent – or £8,000 – more than design and creative arts graduates six months after leaving university .
Yesterday ’ s results will also bolster calls for more children to study science and maths A-levels – which are typically needed to take an engineering degree .
Recent figures show only 19 per cent of girls who scored an A* in GCSE physics chose the subject as one of their A-levels . For boys , the figure was just under half .
Last year , Education Secretary Nicky Morgan called on schools and parents to encourage more children to choose maths , science and technology .
She said too many young people were making subject choices aged 15 that were ‘ holding them back for the rest of their lives ’ .
The latest findings , by business-to-business buying platform Approved Index , found business degrees were the second most popular among the world ’ s wealthiest .
Just 9 per cent read an arts subject at university , 8 per cent studied economics and 3 per cent opted for finance .
The university where the degree is studied can also have an impact on earnings . An Oxbridge education bumps up a starting salary by £7,600 , according to the Sutton Trust . A separate study found a degree from the London Business School is the most lucrative for British alumni .
There are 2,325 billionaires in the world with a combined net worth of $ 7.29 trillion ( £4.89 trillion ) .
The latest research analysed their education by examining Forbes magazine ’ s list of the richest 100 people in the world .
However , the report suggests multi-millionaires in the making might be better off starting out straight from school , as almost a third of those on the list do not have degrees .
Microsoft founder Bill Gates , the wealthiest person in the world , with a fortune of around £53billion , dropped out of his studies at Harvard University .
Mark Zuckerberg , creator of Facebook , also left the university before finishing his degree . He is now worth £22.4 billion .
Amy Catlow , director of Approved Index , said : ‘ These findings add a new dimension to the debate about the relevance and value of a degree today and suggest that in order to have a thriving and diverse economy , we need to encourage a varied range of specialisms . ’
Centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron has decisively won the French presidential election , defeating far-right candidate Marine Le Pen .
Mr Macron won by 66.06 % to 33.94 % to become , at 39 , the country 's youngest president .
Mr Macron will also become the first president from outside the two traditional main parties since the modern republic 's foundation in 1958 .
He said that a new page was being turned in French history .
`` I want it to be a page of hope and renewed trust , '' he said .
Mr Macron 's supporters gathered in their thousands to celebrate outside the Louvre museum in central Paris and their new president later joined them .
In his speech to the crowd , he said : `` Tonight you won , France won . Everyone told us it was impossible , but they do n't know France . ''
In her speech , Ms Le Pen thanked the estimated 11 million people who had voted for her .
She said the election had shown a division between `` patriots and globalists '' and called for the emergence of a new political force . Ms Le Pen said her National Front party needed to renew itself and that she would start the `` deep transformation of our movement '' , vowing to lead it into upcoming parliamentary elections .
One of his most dangerous opponents , conservative former Prime Minister Francois Fillon , was vilified after allegations that his family benefited from cushy taxpayer-funded jobs for years . Fillon is facing charges in the case .
On the left , the Socialist Party imploded , its candidate abandoned by voters who wanted to punish Hollande , France 's most unpopular president since World War II . Hollande himself decided not to run again .
He is a liberal centrist , pro-business and a strong supporter of the European Union .
His campaign pledges included a 120,000 reduction in public-sector jobs , a cut in public spending by €60bn , and a lowering of the unemployment rate to below 7 % .
He vowed to ease labour laws and give new protections to the self-employed .
Mr Macron also stood on a pro-EU platform , in stark contrast to his opponent .
Macron ’ s victory strengthens France ’ s place as a central pillar of the European Union , and marked the third time in six months - following elections in Austria and the Netherlands - that European voters shot down far-right populists who wanted to restore borders across Europe . The election of a French president who champions European unity could also strengthen the EU ’ s hand in its complex divorce proceedings with Britain .
On free trade , multilateralism , global governance and climate change France and China stand in a moment of convergence which offers a unique opportunity to take the relations between the two countries at another level .
European Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker wrote on Twitter that he was `` happy that the French chose a European future , '' while president of the European Council Donald Tusk congratulated the `` French people for choosing Liberty , Equality and Fraternity over tyranny of fake news . ''
US President Donald Trump also congratulated Macron , writing on Twitter : `` Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France . I look very much forward to working with him ! ''
In a statement White House press secretary Sean Spicer said : `` We congratulate President-elect Macron and the people of France on their successful presidential election . We look forward to working with the new President and continuing our close cooperation with the French government . ''
German Chancellor Angela Merkel tweeted her congratulations , saying Mr Macron 's win was a `` victory for a strong united Europe '' .
UK Prime Minister Theresa May said : `` France is one of our closest allies and we look forward to working with the new president . ''
At home , President François Hollande congratulated Mr Macron and said the result showed the French people wanted to unite around the `` values of the republic '' .
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Monday sent a congratulatory message to French President-elect Emmanuel Macron .
In his message , Xi said France was the first major Western country to have established diplomatic ties with the People 's Republic of China .
China-France relations , which have significant strategic importance and international influence , have been developing steadily , healthily and consistently in recent years , he said .
Both as permanent members of the United Nations Security Council and big countries with significant international influence , China and France bear special important responsibilities to world peace and development , Xi said .
Maintaining the steady and healthy development of the China-France relationship benefits not only the two countries and peoples , but also world peace , stability and development , he noted .
China is willing to work with the French side to push the close and sustaining China-France comprehensive strategic partnership to a higher level , the Chinese president said in the message .
“ It was like a f−−−ing firing squad , ” one source said of the encounter .
The source said the meeting started with a typical Trump complaint about the “ dishonest media , ” and that he specifically singled out CNN and NBC News for example as “ the worst . ”
“ Trump started with [ CNN chief ] Jeff Zucker and said , ‘ I hate your network , everyone at CNN is a liar and you should be ashamed , ’ ” the source said .
“ The meeting was a total disaster . The TV execs and anchors went in there thinking they would be discussing the access they would get to the Trump administration , but instead they got a Trump-style dressing-down , ” the source added .
“ The meeting took place in a big boardroom and there were about 30 or 40 people , including the big news anchors from all the networks , ” the other source said .
“ Trump kept saying , ‘ We ’ re in a room of liars , the deceitful , dishonest media who got it all wrong . ’
“ Trump didn ’ t say [ NBC reporter ] Katy Tur by name , but talked about an NBC female correspondent who got it wrong , ”
“ Then he referred to a horrible network correspondent who cried when Hillary lost who hosted a debate — which was Martha Raddatz , who was also in the room . ”
The source who spoke with POLITICO characterized the meeting as less intense , and said the discussion included Trump expressing the possibility of a “ reset ” of the tumultuous relationship between the president-elect and the media and that all he wants is “ fairness . ”
Asked how he defines fairness by a network executive , Trump said simply , “ The truth . ”
Trump spokeswoman Kellyanne Conway told reporters the gathering went well . “ Excellent meetings with the top executives of the major networks , ” she said .
Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway , who arranged the meeting , said afterward that it was `` very cordial , candid and honest . ''
“ There was no need to mend fences , ” Conway said . “ It was very cordial , very genial . But it was very candid and very honest . From my own perspective , it ’ s great to hit the reset button . ”
Conway later on Monday hit back at the New York Post report . “ He did not explode in anger , ” she said .
A 21-year-old French tennis player 's `` inappropriate behavior '' towards a female journalist during a live TV interview at a major tournament has been described as `` reprehensible '' by the French Tennis Federation .
Maxime Hamou pulled Eurosport journalist Maly Thomas close to him and kissed her repeatedly while holding her around her neck and shoulders Monday .
On Tuesday , the FTT revoked Hamou 's accreditation for the prestigious French Open , while the organization 's President Bernard Giudicelli has asked the disputes committee to investigate for improper conduct .
`` I want to offer my deepest apologies to Maly Thomas if she felt hurt or shocked by my attitude during her interview , '' Hamou wrote on his Instagram account .
In a statement sent to CNN , Eurosport said : `` We sincerely regret the incident that occurred during yesterday evening 's interview between Maly Thomas and Maxime Hamou .
`` The behaviour of the interviewee was highly inappropriate and we do not condone such conduct in any way . ''
In quotes carried by the Huffington Post , Thomas said that if she `` had n't been live on air , I would have punched him . ''
The incident happened after Hamou , who is ranked No . 287 in the world , had been knocked out of the first round in straight sets by Uruguay 's Pablo Cuevas .
Following a defeat , it 's normal for players to still be allowed on site with their accreditation , though usually most would take off to prepare for their next tournament .
They may be at the top of their game in their respective sports but if Rio has proved one thing , it 's that a few Olympians need to find a new hairdresser .
Despite showing an impressive amount of talent in the swimming pool and on the rugby pitch , many of the athletes have been debuting some bizarre hairstyles along the way .
Social media has exploded with comments about various athlete 's 'dos - with many users pointing out that the sports stars need to take a trip to their local hairdresser when they get home .
Team GB judo star Sally Conway , who impressed on the mat by winning bronze after defeating Austrian Bernadette Graf , led the pack .
Conway , 29 , fought her way to a 1-0 victory after narrowly missing out on taking part in the gold medal final .
The Bristolian judo star completed an outstanding day of judo with a final victory - earning her a well-deserved bronze medal . Her hair , however , did n't quite hit the mark .
The judo star opted to wear her hair in tight cornrows with the rest of her locks piled into a messy up 'do - clearly as a way to keep her hair away from her face whilst wrestling on the mat .
And it was n't just Sally sporting a bun - gymnast Louis Smith also wore his hair in a mun - a man bun - as he competed in Rio .
Lucy Mecklenburgh 's ex , who was left devastated when his slip-up at the Rio Olympics cost the British team a bronze medal , pulled his long black locks into a tight mun .
Some users even blamed Louis 's hair for his performance , with Twitter user Jade Margiotta writing : 'There is a direct correlation between Louis Smith messing up our medal in the gymnastics and sporting a man bun # BanTheBun . '
Blair Ruxton added : 'Louis Smith 's man bun completely put him off balance . '
Another gymnast , United States ' Sam Mikulak , was also the butt of jokes on Twitter . 'Sam Mikulak made a mistake with that hair , ' said one user , whilst another noted : 'Sam Mikulak 's hair defies gravity and I love it ' .
Other unusual male haircuts included Casey Patterson of the United States , who competed in the Beach Volleyball . The blonde athlete had his hair styled into a 90s mohawk .
Kyle Chalmers of Australia may have taken home gold for the Men 's 100m Freestyle Final but his haircut certainly did n't win him any accolades .
One Twitter user wrote : 'Kyle Chalmers . # OLYMPIC # champion ( for 100m mens freestyle . Not his haircut ! ) ' .
Meanwhile , American golfer Rickie Fowler went viral for all the wrong reasons after starring in the Olympic 's opening ceremony .
Fowler , who was debuting a new haircut for the Games , was the brunt of many jokes online . 'I 've never been more undecided on a haircut than I am with Rickie Fowler 's . Leaning towards hate thought , ' wrote on user . 'Whatever the opposite of a gold medal is , Rickie Fowler should be given one for that haircut , ' added another .
Others complimented the athlete 's 'do with one user writing : 'To silence all the haters , I hope @ RickieFowler wins GOLD ! His hair looks ah-mah-zing ! # PeakyBlinders ' and another adding : 'Rickie Fowler with the strong side parting game . '
Zimbabwe 's Marjory Nyaumwe , an Olympic footballer , was unofficially crowned with 'hairstyle of Rio 2016 ' on social media thanks to her quirky spiked 'do , whilst users were also quick to notice gymnast Japan 's Ryohei Kato 's enviably bushy locks .
Looks like Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are getting married soon .
Since Markle and Prince Harry headed to Africa to celebrate the `` Suits '' star 's 36th birthday , reports about their engagement intensified . It seemed that the couple is tying the knot soon as the actress has already asked Kate Middleton to be her maid of honor as she and her love prepare to announce their engagement .
Markle reportedly delivered a gift to the Duchess of Cambridge that included a note asking the pregnant royal mom to be her maid of honor when she marries Prince Harry , Express reported . The `` Horrible Bosses '' actress ' present to Middleton is a rose gold diamond bracelet worth around £1,471 .
Middleton is pregnant with the third royal baby . She is currently resting as she is suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum , which is life-threatening . So , if Markle really wants the Duchess of Cambridge to be her maid of honor , her wedding with Prince Harry might likely happen after Middleton 's delivery .
The publication added that Middleton initially disapproved Prince Harry 's romance with Markle , but she and the actress eventually got along well . Last week , reports claimed that Markle got to meet Queen Elizabeth . Their meeting took place on Sept. 3 , after Markle and Prince Harry 's romantic getaway . The couple reportedly made the seven-mile drive to the queen 's summer resident , Balmoral Castle .
`` It 'll no doubt be the first of many encounters , '' the source said . Markle and Queen Elizabeth 's meeting was very special for Prince Harry as he `` was able to introduce someone he loves to someone he cares for deeply , '' the source added .
In related news , Markle and Prince Harry were spotted celebrating his 33rd birthday ahead . The lovers opted to have a low-key celebration on Sept. 9 as the actress wo n't be with the royal on his birthday as she needs to shoot for her TV series for USA Network .
`` Harry does n't like to make a fuss of birthdays so he liked that it was just the two of them . Sometimes it does n't have to be a huge thing with a group of friends , '' a source said . Although the couple was not together on Prince Harry 's birthday , he is flying to Canada this week for the Invictus Games where he is expected to meet his girlfriend .
`` Harry will spend a day with Meghan before beginning Invictus-related engagements on Sept. 22 . Naturally , Meghan will be present for some of the games and you 'll no doubt see them together in the stands , but she wo n't be taking part in any of the engagements in an official capacity , '' the insider added .
A company in London has advertised for an emoji translator in what is thought to be the first such job worldwide .
The role will involve explaining cross-cultural misunderstandings in the use of the mini pictures , and compiling a monthly trends report .
Last year , a UK linguist said emoji was the country 's fastest-growing language .
Jurga Zilinskiene , head of Today Translations , needed someone to translate diaries into emojis for one of her clients , but could not find a specialist .
She says software translations can only go so far and a human translator was needed , so the agency posted an online job advert .
With more than 30 applications so far , she is hoping to appoint somebody on a freelance basis by the start of 2017 , with the potential for it to become a full-time post . Translation jobs will be paid by the word/emoji , while research into the changing trends in emoji usage will be paid at an hourly rate .
So can emojis be considered a language ? No , absolutely not , says Rob Drummond , a senior lecturer in linguistics at Manchester Metropolitan University .
He says his test for a language is that you have to be able to translate a full sentence from one to another , with shared meanings - not necessarily fixed , but shared - and emoji meanings vary from person to person .
`` It 's an addition to language rather than a language itself , '' Dr Drummond says .
Emojis are more nuanced than words and , like gestures or body language , can add meaning to the text they go alongside .
Waving hand - You might think this emoji is waving hello or goodbye . Well in China , it has a very specific meaning , along the lines of `` bye , you 're not my friend any more '' . Like a middle finger in Europe .
Poo - In Japan , the words for `` poo '' and `` luck '' sound similar , so it 's tradition to send your friends a funny `` poo '' message before an exam or job interview .
Red heart - French speakers use more heart emojis than any other language group , according to a study from last year , bumping even smiley faces off the top spot .
Dancing women - Originally these were Playboy bunnies , and might have been seen as strange to use in a message . But they have evolved to mean having fun with friends - and since emojis were made more diverse , there 's a men 's version too .
Tears of joy - The most commonly used emoji on the planet , this was the Oxford English Dictionary 's word of the year for 2015 . What does it mean ? That depends on your perspective . It could be straightforward , a person laughing so much they 're crying . It could be self-deprecating - you 're laughing at yourself and a silly thing you did . Or it could be a way of gloating at somebody else .
With vegetarian and vegan diets rising in popularity , healthy alternatives to high fat treats are n't hard to find .
But London-based nutritionist and chef , Libby Limon , has taken her quest for a guilt-free burger a step further by creating what has been dubbed as the 'world 's healthiest burger . '
Packed with 50 superfood ingredients , the 'nutri-burger ' is comprised of a matcha gluten-free bun and a beet , natto [ fermented soybeans ] , quinoa and mushroom patty .
The burger is also served with a side of purple and orange sweet potato fries with superfood seasoning and a cacao shake with sweet potato , bee pollen , seaweed , coconut oil and black pepper .
Also included in the feast are ingredients like cider vinegar , hemp protein powder , Wearnutkin ‘ boursin ’ cashew cheese , acai Pulp , activated almonds , white matcha tea powder , heritage tomatoes and kimchi .
The entire nutrient-packed meal is currently part of a special on discount website Groupon , where people can enter a free prize draw to taste the meal in real life at the Magpie and Stump pub in London .
For no charge , people can also download the intricate recipe and make the guilt-free meal themselves .
According to the site , Lab reports show that the ORAC ( Oxygen Radical Absorbance Capacity ) value for the meal is 68,400 μmol TE ... the equivalent of eating 1.5 kilograms of blueberries and three kilograms of cooked broccoli .
In addition , 21 of the ingredients are in the top 100 antioxidant superfoods .
The meal also provides over 100 per cent of the recommended daily allowance of fibre , vitamin A , vitamin C and iodine and is rich in B vitamins , magnesium and zinc - the entire feast meeting the 'five a day ' fruit and vegetable recommendation .
Due to the highly nutritional value of the meal , experts also claim that it is the perfect hangover cure and can boost the immune system , improve digestive function , detox the liver , balance the hormones and work as an anti inflammatory .
Infectiously-catchy earworm 'PPAP ' ( short for Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen ) was performed by DJ Piko-Taro , a fictional character played by Japanese entertainer Kazuhiko Kosaka .
But how did the 40-year-old DJ come up with such a bizarre song about fusing a pen with an apple and a pineapple ?
`` When I was making this music with play , I was [ just ] singing it too soon , '' the newly-crowned internet star explained in a tweet to fans from an account created for his newly-coined character .
Why has it gone viral ?
It has all the ingredients for a viral video formula : an addictive beat , silly lyrics and a hilariously simple dance routine to back it up .
And it was only a matter of time before the minute-long song , first uploaded onto Piko-Taro 's official YouTube channel , quickly spread to Facebook .
While the original video has gone on to amass more than 4m views , entertainment portal 9GAG 's Facebook video surpassed that to draw more than 44m views .
`` I 'm ruined - I will never get this song out of my head , '' lamented Facebook user Carlos Andrés Silva in a comment .
Nelson Rivera Adrian Paige agreed , voicing concern for the number of times he has looped the video . `` I am both highly amused as well as extremely confused . ''
`` Please stop sharing this annoying song , it 's exploded on my feed and is driving me up the wall because it 's so irritating to listen to , '' said Facebook user Hiro Kenshida in a plea .
Russian officials are coming under pressure to check if Disney 's new film Beauty and the Beast breaches the country 's law against `` gay propaganda '' .
Culture Minister Vladimir Medinsky said action would be taken after the checks while an MP described the film as `` shameless propaganda of sin '' .
The live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast features Disney 's first ever gay character and love scene .
A Russian law prohibits the spreading of `` gay propaganda '' among minors .
The 2013 legislation , which has angered human rights activists and the international gay community , describes homosexuality as `` non-traditional sexual relations '' .
Homosexuality was decriminalised in Russia in 1993 and the country officially removed it from a list of psychiatric disorders in 1999 .
However , homophobic attacks have been documented in recent years .
Director Bill Condon has spoken of an `` exclusively gay moment '' in Beauty and the Beast .
It involves LeFou , who is a sidekick of the film 's main antagonist Gaston .
LeFou , played by US actor Josh Gad , tries to come to terms with feelings for Gaston that swing between lust and admiration , as a side-plot to the main story .
The movie is due to be released in Russia on 16 March .
But Vitaly Milonov , an MP of the governing United Russia party , urged the culture minister to hold a screening of the film before it was released to see if it complied with the law and to `` take measures to totally ban '' it if he found `` elements of propaganda of homosexuality '' .
His colleague Alexander Sholokhov said that if the scenes violated the law , the film should be banned from cinemas .
`` As soon as we get a copy of the film with relevant paperwork for distribution , we will consider it according to the law , '' Mr Medinsky said .
Meanwhile , Russian actor Pavel Derevyanko told state-run TV Russia 24 , `` I will not take my kid to this movie . ''
When the first Beauty and the Beast trailer was released last year it had almost 130m views in 24 hours .
Emma Watson plays Belle , the young girl who falls in love with a monstrous beast with a dark secret .
Her suitors - the Beast and Gaston - are played by Brit stars Dan Stevens and Luke Evans .
The cast includes Ewan McGregor , Gugu Mbatha-Raw , Kevin Kline and Stanley Tucci .
In another groundbreaking moment , the film is to feature the first interracial kiss in a Disney live-action film .
The animated version of Beauty and the Beast came out in 1991 .
Follow the Party ! Fight to win ! Forge exemplary conduct !
Comrades , today , we are holding a grand military parade at the training base in celebration of the 90th anniversary of the founding of the Chinese People 's Liberation Army .
Nine decades ago , a gunshot heard from the city of Nanchang pronounced the birth of the new model of the people 's army led by the Communist Party of China . In the past nine decades , the PLA has held high the banner of the Party , while rooted firmly on the ground of the nation . In carrying the aspirations of the Chinese people , they have fought bravely and shed blood , marched forward , triumphed over all enemies , tackled all difficulties in order to advance the dignity , prosperity and strength of the Chinese people .
History has provided ample proof that the PLA is a heroic military force , loyal to the Party and loyal to the country . It is a military force that strives for the cause of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation . Our Party takes great pride in having such a heroic military force and all countrymen and women of all ethnicities in China take great pride in having such a heroic military force .
Comrades , being able to enjoy peace is a blessing for the people and it is the responsibility of the PLA to protect it . The world is not entirely a peaceful one and peace needs to be safeguarded . Today , we are closer than any other period in history to the goal of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation . And we need , more than any period in history , to build a strong military . We must fully implement the strong military philosophy as set forth by the Party , walk unswervingly on the path of building with Chinese characteristics the strong military , and strive toward the Party 's strong military goal under the new circumstances , and build our heroic military force into a world-class one .
All comrades , commanders and soldiers of the PLA ! You should unswervingly follow the absolute leadership of the Communist Party of China , listen to the directions set by the Party and follow its command . Wherever the Party points , you shall go to battle .
All commanders and soldiers of the PLA ! You should always follow the basic principle of serving the people whole-heartedly , forever standing with the people , keeping the people in your minds and hearts . And be an army of the people , and for the people .
All commanders and soldiers of the PLA ! You should see your capacity for combat as the sole standard for self-measurement , focus on combat readiness , and build yourself into an elite force that is ready for action and victory at all times .
All commanders and soldiers of the PLA ! You should carry out unswervingly the building of a solid political foundation of the military , military reforms , technological development , and law-based administration in order to comprehensively modernize our national defense and military .
I firmly believe that our heroic military has both the confidence and capability to defeat all intruders , that our military has the confidence and capability to safeguard our national sovereignty , security and development interests , that our military has the confidence and capability to write a new chapter in the building of a strong military , and make new and greater contributions toward the realization of the Two Centenary Goals , the China Dream of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation and safeguarding world peace .
Meet Dougie , the three-year-old miniature donkey who thinks he 's a dog .
The pet lives with his owners Cal and Tom Stockbridge in Pickering , Yorkshire , where he has run of the house and goes for walks .
The animal loves company , is often found in writer Tom 's office while he works - and bizarrely , also loves watching tennis .
Cal , 53 , who runs a theatre company , said : 'He acts more like a dog than a donkey , he loves attention from people .
'Dougie was raised with a lot of human contact so when we got him aged eight months old we wanted to maintain that .
'All our animals have run of the house and we would n't have wanted Dougie to be any different . '
Calfirst got Dougie as a present for her 50th birthday , having visited a friend who had a donkey .
When he was eight months old she brought him home to their small holding which is surrounded by 250 acres of Wildlife Trust land .
Caladded : 'We are like pretend farmers . We have lots of animals , but it 's not a working farm . Dougie was put into the wildflower meadow at the bottom of our garden with a little shed for shelter .
'We have French windows that open out into the garden and before long Dougie found his way into the house . '
Dougie quickly made friends with the other animals , including Griff , Cal 's seven-year-old Irish wolfhound , who is the same size as the donkey .
She said : 'We take Dougie for walks with Griff and he gets very cross if he sees us going and we do n't take him with us .
'Griff gets a bit jealous of Dougie because he does n't like to share me . '
The little donkey does get up to mischief , often holding lady 's skirts or cardigans firmly in his mouth .
Calsaid : 'He does n't chew or rip their clothes , he will just stand very close to them and not let go .
'It does n't faze my friends , they are used to me having so many animals around .
'Dougie never steals food though , not like the pigs who sometimes come in the house .
'If there is an apple or carrot on the side he wo n't be interested , he 's just looking for his daily dose of affection - usually a scratch and a tickle . '
Calhas some advice for anyone who may be considering getting a miniature donkey of their own .
She said : 'They make incredible pets , they all have their own personalities and they 're very affectionate but donkeys need shelter , grazing and company so you need to do your research - especially as they can live well into their forties . '
Hong Kong is aglow with 25,000 white roses made from LED lights making it the perfect place for couples seeking a romantic spot for Valentine 's Day .
The light rose garden , which took six months to create and is based in the city 's business district , is lighting up skyscrapers at night and drawing crowds of visitors .
Each pure white rose , which consist of seven layers of petals , has been planted individually and is water-proofed to withstand the elements for the exhibition which lights up every day from 6pm until February 22 .
As romantic as it is spectacular , the garden sits in one of Hong Kong 's most symbolic landmarks — the Central Promenade .
The organisers , creative agency Pancom , chose Hong Kong 's Central Promenade and Tamar Park , as the first destinations for the garden as it begins a tour of the world . They first displayed the garden in Seoul , South Korea , in October 2014 and was reinstalled in April last year .
The Pancom team spent months in preparation and visited Hong Kong several times before eventually settling on the Central Promenade and Tamar Park areas .
Officials say it is the first time Tamar Park has held any exhibit for the public since it has opened . As well as marking Valentine 's Day , the exhibition will also represent China 's Lantern Festival as part of the Chinese New Year period .
SK Lam , creative director of events planner , told Ejinsight , the lights cost an 'eight-digit figure ' to create .
'We want to make Hong Kong the most beautiful place in the world for Valentine 's Day , ' Mr Lam said , adding that the art installation will be exhibited in Europe and two other Asian destinations next .
For around $ 100 Hong Kong Dollars , or £9 , anyone keen to take a permanent souvenir from the garden can buy a rose .
The flowers ' layout is based around the landscape and environment of the promenade and Tamar Park with two different heights - 70cm and 80cm - of roses being used to create the stunning visuals .
The garden is packed tightly – with more than 25 roses per every three square metres .
In the daytime , the roses are equally as breathtaking with their subtle pale colour before lighting up at night .
Selfie lovers can make use of a specially designed photography corner to capture , in the best angle possible , their memories .
The Dutch private collector who now owns the 1,000-year-old Buddha statue with a mummified monk inside is willing to return the relic to China , if the statue is proven to be stolen from China , according to Amsterdam-based newspaper NRC Handelsblad .
According to the report , the current owner , who works as an architect in Amsterdam , purchased the statue for 40,000 guilders ( $ 19,786 ) in 1995 , the same year a Buddha statue was reported stolen from China .
Jin Ruiguo , an official with the State Administration of Cultural Heritage ( SACH ) , said in a statement that based on photos , local archives and witness statements , SACH can confirm that this Buddha statue was stolen from a temple in Yangchun village in east China 's Fujian province in 1995 .
The collector said the statue is indeed similar to the one in photos of the Buddha stolen from China . However , the Chinese reports say the Buddha was stolen in October , 1995 by the lunar calendar ( which corresponds to the period from end of November to mid December , 1995 by the solar calendar ) , but the collector can prove that the statue was already in the Netherlands in mid 1995 , hence it is uncertain whether the two Buddha statues are the same one .
The owner is willing to invest more , including in DNA testing technologies , to further verify the identity of the Buddha . The SACH is also gathering more evidence and working with other departments to secure the statue 's return , Jin said .
The statue attracted attention after a CT scan last year found it contained a mummy of a 12th century Buddhist monk . The monk sits on a pillow that is around 300 years older .
Chinese characters are written on the side of the pillow , which say the monk 's name was Zhang Liuquan .
The Buddha statue was included in a `` Mummy World '' exhibition at the Hungarian Natural History Museum , which opened in October last year . It was originally scheduled to be on display until May 17 .
The Hungarian Natural History Museum borrowed the statue from the Drents Museumin Assen , the Netherlands . On March 20 , the Dutch owner withdrew the statue from the exhibition in order to `` calmly and critically evaluate the unexpected situation , '' said a statement sent to Xinhua by the owner 's spokesman .
According to Yangchun archives , a monk , living in the village in the Song Dynasty ( 960-1279 ) , helped cure people with his knowledge of Chinese herbal medicine . When he died , his body was mummified and local people made a statue to hold his body .
The statue was worshipped as an icon .
The collector was once offered 10 million euro for the statue , but declined to sell it despite the impressive sum . If the statue is indeed the one stolen from China , the collector is willing to return the statue , but wishes that it would return to the village where it was originally worshipped , instead of to showcases at museums .
It costs more to bring up a child than to buy the average semi-detached house , a report has found .
Raising a child from birth to the age of 21 in Britain now costs £231,843 – considerably more than the £219,255 price tag of the average semi-detached home , as recorded by the Halifax house price index .
Soaring childcare rates are behind the total cost increase of more than £2,500 in a year and £13,000 in five years , according to research published by insurer LV= .
Nursery , nanny and babysitting fees , particularly in the preschool years , now account for nearly a third of the total expense of raising a child to adulthood .
Childcare charges account for £70,466 , according to this year 's figures , up from £67,586 last year and £50,592 ten years ago .
Education , which includes school uniform , trips , textbooks and university tuition fees , also makes up nearly a third of the total budget , costing £74,430 throughout the child 's life .
A private education at a day school would add £141,863 on average to the total , while boarding school would add £260,927 , according to the research compiled by the Centre for Economics and Business Research ( CEBR ) .
A further £19,004 on average was spent by parents on feeding their child , £10,942 on clothing , and £4,614 on pocket money .
The bill for entertaining a child was also high , with £16,882 spent on holidays , £9,307 on hobbies and toys and £7,464 on leisure and recreation .
Parents paid an average of £14,195 for one-offs such as birthday and Christmas presents and driving lessons .
The most expensive years were between the ages of one and four , when parents spend a total of £63,224 on average .
These years also saw the biggest rise in cost year-on-year , with the total up 3.5 per cent on 2015 prices .
London was the most expensive place to bring up a child , with the total cost in excess of quarter of a million pounds - £253,638 . It was £214,559 in the cheapest region , Yorkshire and the Humber .
Children now take up a third of the average household 's net income , and six out of ten parents surveyed by LV= said they were struggling to manage their outgoings .
Three in five parents said they had asked friends and family to help with childcare but half said people were less available than they used to be .
One in seven parents in the UK use a babysitter more than once a week , rising to half of parents in London .
Myles Rix , of LV= , said : 'The cost of raising a child is at an all-time high and , with the price-tag of childcare continuing to rise , family incomes are being stretched even further . '
Smokers in South Korea are protesting against a new government advert which equates buying cigarettes with buying disease , it 's reported .
The health ministry 's 44-second video shows people approaching a cigarette kiosk , but instead of requesting a particular brand they ask the assistant to give them a serious health problem , The Korea Times reports . `` Give me a lung cancer , '' one person says , before the shop assistant hands them a pack of cigarettes . The advert has been running since 16 November as part of the `` Smoking is a Disease '' campaign . But it has riled the country 's largest smokers ' group , an online community called I Love Smoking , which has previously challenged government policies in court .
`` The ministry 's video has clearly crossed the line , '' the group says in a statement , noting that the government earns a huge amount of tax revenue from tobacco products . `` If smoking is a disease , drinking is a disease because it causes liver problems and eating fast food is also a disease as it brings about obesity , '' it says . `` It is a jump of logic and discriminates against smokers . '' The group wants the advert to be pulled , and is planning a protest in front of the Ministry of Health . It 's also calling on the Korea Communications Standards Commission to intervene .
The current advert was launched after an earlier spot was deemed `` not strong enough '' , one ministry official told the Korea Herald , adding that the new campaign could prove `` painful '' for some viewers . It 's the latest in a string of measures to try to dissuade people from lighting up , in a country where about 44 % of men are smokers . In January , the price of cigarettes was almost doubled , and a smoking ban was extended to cover all eateries .
Before Angry Birds and Candy Crush , there was Solitaire and Minesweeper .
But despite many people believing they were welcome little distractions from whatever task you were supposed to be doing , the makers of Microsoft Windows say they were actually developed to teach people how to use computers .
While many believe that Solitaire was designed to flaunt an interactive digital deck of cards , the game was actually created to familiarize computer users with the 'drag and drop ' feature of the mouse .
Solitaire is a card game that has existed since the late 1700s and is the oldest Windows game and dates back to the 3.0 version released in 1990 .
Minesweeper , the logic-based game , originally made its first appearance in the late 1960s but was introduced on the Windows 3.1 version in 1992 .
Microsoft say that Windows developers wanted users to develop speed and precision when using the mouse and making left and right clicks a natural habit .
Hearts , introduced on 1992 's Windows for Workgroups 3.1 - the first version built for networks - was there to get people introduced in networking : you could communicate with other Hearts clients on a LAN .
According to Mental Floss , the games not only taught people how to use the computer without realizing it , but they also saw users become familiar with the operating system .
In fact , the games were so successful that every time Microsoft tried to remove them , they were met with protests from testers of the new OS .
In 2012 Microsoft released Windows 8 , which did n't have the classic games . People could download them , but Solitaire and Minesweeper did n't come bundled .
But perhaps Microsoft has realized its mistake because it is bringing back Solitaire for Windows 10 .
The new Windows 10 is the first iteration that does n't come with them pre-installed but , you can still download them from the Windows Store , essentially the games way of teaching you how to download software .
The 1980s had the 'yuppies ' and the 'nouveau riche ' , the 1990s had the 'Mondeo man ' and the 2000s had the 'chav ' .
Each decade has its cultural stereotypes and according to new research , there are now seven modern day wealth tribes in Britain .
Channel 5 has commissioned The Economist to conduct research into Britain ’ s wealth divide and they created categories of people that describe 21st-century Britain - so which one do you fall into ?
The seven categories show that while some people are doing very well for themselves , others have not seen much pay growth in recent years .
Silver Spenders :
People over the age of 65 who are thriving . Researchers estimate that there are 1.5m silver spenders , with an average household disposable income of £45,000 , well above the overall British average of £34,000 .
This category encapsulates how old people in Britain have in recent years done much better than young ones . One of the biggest trends in recent years is that pensioners ’ incomes have grown much faster than people of working age .
The result is that pensioners have generally seen their living standards rise much faster than working-age households .
The Zero Heroes :
Those stuck on zero-hours contracts , making them feel insecure at work . Researchers estimate that there are nearly 1m zero heroes , with an average hourly salary of £8.50 , well below the British average of £12 .
In the minds of many Britons , the plight of zero-hour contractors is encapsulated by the idea that someone who has worked hard at school still can not find a secure job .
Zero heroes might work in industries like the creative arts ; it is common for advertising firms , for instance , to offer zero-hours contracts . They are also common in the hospitality sector in particular , which needs to respond rapidly to fluctuations in demand .
The zero heroes do not earn very much . Based on estimates from the Office for National Statistics , it is estimated that the average zero-hours worker earns roughly 30 percent less than the average employee .
The Static Civvies :
Public-sector workers who have experienced a six-year-long pay squeeze . Britain probably has 1m static civvies , and though they earn more than the national average they are feeling the pinch : they have n't had a big pay rise in quite a while .
Particularly in more rural parts of the country , the richest people in the local area are often those who work for the public sector . In parts of the Scottish Highlands , for instance , almost the only people on six-figure salaries are public-sector workers . They are pillars of the community , spending plenty of money locally . But in recent months , these people have not fared particularly well .
The Hawdies ( Heads-Above-Water ) :
Families who have not seen a pay rise in a while and have little or no savings . There are probably around 2.5m heads-above-water families , comprising 4m people . Their average income is around £27,000 per year .
This category describes families who are just-about-managing and struggling to get by . They are not Britain ’ s very poorest people ; instead , they get most of their income from working in a job ( not from means-tested benefits ) .
However , they hardly feel secure . If some unexpected charge came up - say , if their boiler stopped working or the car broke down - they might struggle to pay for it .
The Stucks ( Struggling Urban Creatives ) :
Educated folk , working in the London-based creative industries , who are getting by but who will never afford a house . Researchers estimate that there are 350,000 of these people . They have a low average salary but they do interesting work .
They are well educated , and they are in jobs which are fairly prestigious - they work for publishers , or in the media , or in public relations . But they do not feel particularly prosperous . Most importantly for them , they struggle to get on the housing ladder .
The Tech Set :
These are the people working in Britain 's thriving tech sector . Their jobs barely existed a decade ago ; these are the vloggers , the programmers and the technicians behind companies such as Snapchat and Facebook . Experts estimate that their average salary is £44,000 per year , well above the British average of £23,000 .
The Charlies ( Corporate , High earning Asset Rich and Luxury living ) :
Highly educated people , largely living in and around London , who work in finance or allied trades and are raking it in .
There are around 500,000 top dogs and their average salary is high . They also have high savings .
They work in a high-pressured environment , whereas nonetheless they have considerable autonomy and are allowed to be creative .
When you are in a sticky situation , experience has proven there is only one calming voice you can trust to guide you safely through .
Soon the voice of God himself could be directing you to the supermarket as it has been announced Morgan Freeman will be lending his dulcet tones to a GPS navigation app .
Google is n't just paying the smooth-talking actor to create some drive-time joy , as the feature is being released ahead of Freeman 's appearance in the blockbuster sequel London Has Fallen and he will be talking in character .
The Oscar winner will aid US drivers and travellers on Waze , a free app available for download on iOS and android phones .
Freeman 's soothing voice , in character as the United States vice president , will be an optional setting that can direct users to their destinations in his calming tones .
Interestingly directions will be addressed to drivers as if they are the president , and trips will be peppered with lines from the action thriller to present a sense of urgency to your journey .
In a statement the company said : 'Waze is prepared to make you the President . Starting Monday , February 22 , and for a limited time in the United States , Morgan Freeman ( in character as Vice President Trumbull from London Has Fallen ) will be the voice of Waze .
'Buckle up , listen closely and enjoy the ( power ) trip . '
According to the app website , the star was selected as he was 'far and away one of the most requested voices by Wazers . '
The feature follows his authoritative voice being used to narrate numerous films , documentaries , TV advertisements and more recently , Hillary Clinton 's campaign .
His well-known voice joins the likes of other big names , Arnold Schwarzenegger , Stephen Colbert , Kevin Hart and even C-3PO , who have been featured on the app in the past - in what is a key promotional tool used by film companies .
Fertility experts are warning man that using a mobile for as little as an hour a day is `` cooking sperm '' and lowering level significantly .
The new study shows that having a mobile phone close to the testicles - or within a foot or two of the body - can lower sperm levels so much that conceiving could be difficult .
The findings have led to a leading British fertility expert to advise men to stop being addicted to mobile phones .
The study - by highly respected specialists - found that sperm levels of men who kept their phones in their pocket during the day were seriously affected in 47 per cent of cases compare to just 11 per cent in the general population .
Professor Martha Dirnfeld , of the Technion University in Haifa , said : `` We analysed the amount of active swimming sperm and the quality and found that it had been reduced .
`` We think this is being caused by a heating of the sperm from the phone and by electromagnetic activity . ''
The team monitored more than 100 men attending a fertility clinic for a year .
They found that besides men keeping their phones close to their groin many spoke on the phone while it was charging and kept it only a few centimetres from their bed .
Even keeping the phone on a bedside table appears to raise lower sperm cell counts .
The findings are in the journal Reproductive BioMedicine and support a long-feared link between dropping fertility rates in men and the prevalent use of cellular phones .
The quality of sperm among men in Western countries is constantly decreasing and is considered crucial in 40 percent of the cases in which couples have difficulty conceiving a child .
Professor Gedis Grudzinskas , a fertility consult ant St George 's Hospital London and in Harley Street said : `` Men need to think about their well being and try to stop being addicted to their phones .
`` If you wear a suit to work put the mobile in your chest pocket instead of close to your testes . It will reduce the risk of your sperm count dropping or dropping so much .
`` And do you need to keep the phone right next to you on the bedside table . Some men keep their mobile in their shorts or pyjamas in bed . Is that really necessary ? ''
Professor Dirnfeld said : `` I think this is a warning to men to change their habits to improve their chances of having children . Women generally do n't carry their mobiles on them so maybe a mobile phone wo n't affect their fertility . That 's not something we have looked at . ''
Professor Alan Pacey , a fertility research scientist at Sheffield University has scoffed at suggestions that mobile phones could be damaging male fertility and insists he will be carry on putting his mobile in his trouser pocket .
Professor Dirnfeld said : `` Dr Pacey might not need to worry about his fertility , but for younger guys it is a worry . If you a trying for a baby and it does n't happen within a year you might want to think of whether it could be your mobile phone habit that is to blame . ''
High-divers plunged into the River Seine , trampoline athletes somersaulted inside the Petit Palais art museum and runners raced on a floating track as Paris turned some of its world-famous landmarks over to sports on Friday in hopes of wowing the International Olympic Committee .
With Paris competing against Los Angeles to host the 2024 Olympics , bid organizers hoped the two-day festival of more than 30 sports would help showcase the French capital ’ s suitability for the Games .
Divers demonstrated their skills from boards installed on the Alexandre III bridge that spans the Seine , as kayakers also paddled on the river .
In the Petit Palais , trampoline athletes bounced skyward toward the museum ’ s ornate ceiling murals . Olympic judo champion Teddy Riner and other French sports stars raced for fun in a 100m on a temporary track floating on the Seine .
Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo said the Olympic celebration is “ a way to show how we want to party together , with the whole world , by welcoming the Games . We hope so ! ”
But four people were injured , one seriously , when a double-decker sightseeing bus that took a detour to avoid the sports shows got stuck inside a tunnel , police and the bus company said .
On Saturday , Parisians were also being given an opportunity usually reserved for Tour de France racers : to pedal around the Arc de Triomphe without its frenetic vehicle traffic , which will be stopped for three hours .
Paris ’ show comes ahead of a crucial IOC meeting in July that could decide to pick the 2024 and 2028 Olympic host cities both at once — in a final vote in September in Lima , Peru . The only question would then be which city gets which Games . Paris says it is bidding only for 2024 .
Romanian woman Ortansa Pascariu is the proud owner of a very unusual piece of wardrobe – a vest made of her own hair ! Ortansa had been collecting fallen strands of her hair for 20 years , and when she thought she had enough , she decided to use it for a unique garment .
The 65-year-old revealed that she started collecting her hair in accordance with a tradition followed in her hometown of Stauceni , in the north-eastern part of Romania . The practice suggests that women should never throw away their hair if they want to retain their beauty and good luck .
“ I heard from elderly friends that women should not throw their lost hair away after combing , ” she said . “ They need to keep it . If not , the elderly say , it is as if you are throwing away your beauty . I started gathering my hair when I was 40 and by the age of 60 I had managed to gather one kilo , which was as much as I needed for a vest . ”
Ortansa explained that she only saved the hair that had fallen out as she combed it . She always had long hair that reached her hips , so all the strands in her collection were nice and long , making them perfect for knitting . She used two strands to make a single thread , and then used the threads to knit the vest , completing the project in only one week .
“ It was strange , but also very pleasant to knit something in your own hair , ” she said . She doesn ’ t wear it though – after keeping it for about five years she gifted it to the local ethnographic museum , where it is currently on display .
Ortansa ’ s husband Vasile expressed pride in her unique craftsmanship . “ I ’ ve touched it and it ’ s like some kind of soft wool , ” he said . “ I ’ m very proud of what she managed to do . It ’ s really complicated . The vest is also very nice . ”
This is not the first time we ’ ve seen clothing items made exclusively from human hair . In 2010 , Vietnamese hairdresser Kim Do created a unique tunic from one million meters of human hair .
Being a tall girl has its difficult moments . Between being gawked at in public and struggling to find the perfect pair of jeans , tall people have a special set of grievances .
Let 's start with the top 20 :
1 . That whole `` fingertip length '' rule in grade school was your worst nightmare .
2 . Pants are never long enough , so you have to shop at specialty stores .
3 . You were the tallest person in your grade until at least sophomore year of high school .
4 . Parents and friends always said you 'd `` find someone your height in college . ''
5 . You still dream of marrying a basketball player or rando giant .
6 . Occasionally , doorways present a very real threat to your forehead .
7 . You inadvertently look over bathroom stall walls because they 're shorter than you .
8 . Long limbs make you look clumsier than you really are .
9 . When you trip and fall , it really is a long way down .
10 . People ALWAYS assume you played basketball or volleyball .
11 . You visibly cringe every time you 're asked , `` How 's the weather up there ? ''
12 . Grown men and women , as well as little kids , actually point and stare .
13 . Finding someone to dance with is always hard .
14 . You ca n't wear heels without everyone you know commenting on it .
15 . You know your future daughter will also hate you when she 's 6 feet tall in middle school .
16 . Shirt sizes -- S , M , L or XL -- mean nothing to you because they 're all too short .
17 . Shaving your legs is not only a feat of strength and balance -- it 's a true test of perseverance .
18 . Being a gymnast or ballerina was just NOT in your future .
19 . People loudly complain when you stand in front of them at concerts .
20 . Doing pushups , lunges , benching and squatting are way harder for you . It 's just SO FAR DOWN , people .
Regardless , everyone knows the truth . Tall girls ROCK .
A British girl who died after a terminal illness won the right to have her body frozen in an unprecedented ruling , the High Court said on Friday .
The 14-year-old girl from London had written to a judge explaining she wanted a chance to `` live longer '' after suffering from a rare form of cancer .
She had researched and decided to undergo cryonics , the process through which people 's bodies are frozen in the hope they will be brought back to life with the help of future medical advancements .
`` I am only 14-years-old and I do n't want to die but I know I am going to die , '' she wrote to the judge .
`` I think being cryo-preserved gives me a chance to be cured and woken up -- even in hundreds of years ' time . ''
The girl launched legal action to request that her mother , who supported the child 's wishes , be the only person allowed to make decisions about the disposal of her body .
Her parents are divorced and the teenager 's father initially objected to his daughter 's plan .
Judge Peter Jackson ruled in the girl 's favour in October following a private hearing at the High Court of England and Wales in London .
The girl was too ill to attend the hearing and has since died , with her remains being taken to the United States and cryogenically frozen .
US-based Cryonics Institute issued a statement saying that the teenager had arrived at their facility and `` packed in dry ice , at 5:00 pm on the 25th of October , approximately 8 days after death , '' becoming its 144th patient .
Its minimum fee for cryopreservation is $ 28,000 , according to its website , and The Times reported the cost to the girl 's family was $ 46,000 . The case was not reported on before Friday in keeping with the wishes of the teenager , who also asked that no one involved be identified .
Jackson said his decision was based on the dispute between the girl 's parents and the best outcome for the child 's welfare , not on the science itself , in what he described as an unprecedented ruling .
`` It is no surprise that this application is the only one of its kind to have come before the courts in this country -- and probably anywhere else , '' he said .
`` It is an example of the new questions that science poses to the law -- perhaps most of all to family law , '' Jackson added .
The judge described the case as a `` tragic combination '' of childhood illness and family conflict , while praising the girl for the `` valiant way '' she approached the situation .
In her letter to the judge , the 14-year-old wrote :
`` I do n't want to be buried underground . I want to live and live longer and I think that in the future they may find a cure for my cancer and wake me up .
`` I want to have this chance . This is my wish . ''
The girl 's solicitor , Zoe Fleetwood , said her client had called Jackson her `` hero '' after being told of the court 's decision shortly before her death on October 17 .
`` By October 6 , the girl knew that her wishes were going to be followed . That gave her great comfort , '' she told BBC Radio 4 . For the last eight years of her life the teenager had not had face-to-face contact with her father , who raised his concerns about the costs and consequences of his daughter being frozen .
`` Even if the treatment is successful and she is brought back to life in , let 's say , 200 years , she may not find any relative and she might not remember things , '' he was said to have told Jackson .
The father 's position however shifted during the case , saying that he respected his daughter 's decision .
It 's the `` Dirty Harry '' version of tech support . A Colorado Springs man was hit with a municipal violation after he ended a long-running battle with an uncooperative computer by blasting it eight times with a handgun Monday , police said .
Lucas Hinch , 37 , was given a violation for discharging a weapon inside city limits , police said in a report titled , `` Man Kills His Computer . ''
The police report said that Hinch `` was fed up with fighting his computer for the last several months '' and shot it in a back alley behind his home just before 7 p.m. , `` effectively disabling it . ''
Police public information officer Lt. Catherine Buckley said he shot the old Dell desktop machine with a Hi-Point 9 mm pistol .
`` He did tell us he thought it was okay because we are an open carry state , '' Buckley said . But it is illegal in the city limits to discharge a firearm unless one is protecting life or property , she said . The violation would most likely result in a fine , Buckley said .
The police department posted a photo of the blasted machine on its Twitter and Facebook pages .
It 's a nightmare come true when you 've got a cockroach infestation in your house .
It can drive you crazy , cause sleepless nights and cause a lot of damage .
So when it all gets too much , what do you do ?
You take matters in to your own hands , like this man , who doused his house in roach spray hoping it would do the trick .
Except it all went wrong when the buildup of fumes from the household insecticide led to an explosion , which tore apart the house .
To make it worse , the cockroaches were still there after the blast .
The two adults and a young child who were inside the apartment at the time were taken to hospital as a precaution .
The blast smashed all the apartment 's windows .
According to the city 's code enforcement officer , the roach spray did not have the intended effect .
Garrett M. Giberson said : ‘ The unit was infested with roaches . When I got on scene I saw numerous roaches crawling throughout the apartment . '
He explained how the occupant began experiencing a headache and opened a window after spraying the insecticide .
'You had the chemical , you had the oxygen and you had the ignition source , ' he said .
‘ The tenants are lucky because they could have been seriously injured . There had to be quite a buildup of chemicals and fumes from the bug killer to cause an explosion like that . '
The residents are now in temporary shelter provided by The American Red Cross .
Shanghai Disneyland celebrated 100 days to go until opening day by releasing the first images of inside the much anticipated theme park on March 8 .
The resort is set to open on June 16 and has promised that it will pay homage to traditional Chinese culture as well as showcasing Disney 's favourite films , the People 's Daily Online reports .
The 963 acre park which cost $ 5.5billion ( £3.8 billion ) to build is said to be the cheapest out of all the Disneyland resorts with off-peak tickets costing visitors 370 yuan ( £39 ) and then rising to 499 yuan ( £51 ) during peak times .
Shanghai Disneyland will be the cheapest out of all 12 parks and resorts worldwide .
Previously , the closest park to Shanghai was Hong Kong Disneyland which is priced at HK $ 539 ( £55.98 ) . While a one day ticket to Disneyland in California will set you back US $ 99 ( £67 ) .
The resort is the first Disney park on the mainland and is three times the size of the nearest park in Hong Kong .
Shanghai Disneyland is set to feature six themed lands aimed at the Chinese tourist including a Pirates of the Caribbean themed land and a Mickey Avenue .
At the centre of the park is the Enchanted Story Book Castle which is the tallest , largest and most interactive Disney castle in the world . Inside the 196 feet castle , there will be attractions , a table service restaurant and even a hair salon for little princesses .
The castle will also be the focal point of the evening spectacular fireworks display , which will also feature a laser show and projections on the castle .
The Treasure Trove land is the first pirate themed land in a Disney park .
Visitors to the land will be able to see live shows featuring battles from the Pirates of the Carribean movie and an acrobatic stunt show in a specially made theatre .
Disney have promised to also pay homage to Chinese culture with famous characters such as Mulan being featured . Organizers have definitely thought of the Chinese visitors first with the Lion King musical being performed in Mandarin and the Winnie the Pooh storybook ride translated into Mandarin .
When details of the Shanghai Disneyland were revealed in July , 2015 , Bob Iger , the CEO of The Walt Disney Company , said the park would reflect China 's own culture .
There are two themed hotels at the resort including a Toy Story hotel . Inside the hotel 's restaurant , there are Chinese kites featuring the loveable Toy Story characters such as Woody and Buzz Lightyear .
While the Shanghai Disneyland Hotel is art-nouveau inspired with a touch of Disney including bronze statues of Mickey and Minnie mouse .
However the most anticipated part of the resort is the new Star Wars ride in Tomorrowland which is joined by a Tron themed motorbike ride .
Ride testing for the Tron ride has already taken place with Disney saying it is the first kind of attraction like this for any of its theme parks around the world .
Esther shared a photograph of her attempting to breastfeed her child while surrounded by men taking up all nearby seats .
The mother-of-three revealed no one offered to give up their spot for her and one man just chose to gawp at her instead .
'Having to stand on a train while breastfeeding my baby thanks to the lovely bunch of charmers giving more priority to their suitcases and rolling joints . It stinks . Plus the cyclist with a fancy bike that keeps rolling into me , sat in the disabled seat . Please share cos I 'd love it if their mothers , girlfriends and wives get to see how they behave . '
And the reaction was explosive with 20,000 people sharing the image within 24 hours .
`` I sat my five-year-old down on what was an apparently vacant seat quite near the doors and immediately this man told me 'this seat is taken ' . So we moved and we ended up stood by the toilets for the rest of the journey with a bike shoved into my legs . It was quite unpleasant . My baby woke up and cried and she needed nursing back to sleep . I hovered by the priority seat hoping to be offered one . I tried to make eye contact with the people sat in the priority seats but they just blanked me .
'The fact I stood by them for a few minutes and then asked if I could please sit where the suitcase was and yet they ignored me completely .
Ms Esther was so incensed by the situation she took a selfie and posted it to Facebook .
With now almost 30,000 shares and comments , it has prompted a fierce debate .
'This is bloody terrible hum , poor you . You must have super strong arms feeding and standing up . Some men do n't know how to show respect .
'I have always given my seat up on public transport to the elderly and expecting mothers that I 've seen struggling . '
'She managed to take a selfie whilst breastfeeding standing up so ca n't be that difficult '
Others have written to her to say she is an 'exhibitionist ' or she should 'get a car ' .
'Women say they want equality and want to be treated the same as men but then get upset when something like this happens . '
'Funny how the demand for female equality lasts right up to the moment that a seat is wanted on a train . '
'For the last time , it has NOTHING to do with equality and everything to do with manners and consideration for other people . The people who did not offer their seats to that woman were plain rude ... ’
`` We welcome breastfeeding on all C2C trains and would hope our customers would be considerate to their fellow travelers and give up their seat when requested . Unfortunately this does not appear to have happened on this occasion , and we are sorry for any inconvenience this caused . ''
Britain is to start building a wall in the northern French port of Calais to stop migrants jumping on trucks , under a deal agreed earlier this year , the interior ministry said Wednesday .
The four-metre high , one-kilometre long barrier will be built on a port approach road starting this month and should be completed by the end of this year , officials said .
The wall , which will be funded by the British government under an agreement struck at a summit in March , will complement a security fence already put up around the port and entrance to the Channel Tunnel .
`` We are going to start building this big new wall very soon . We 've done the fence , now we are doing a wall , '' junior minister Robert Goodwill told a parliamentary committee on Tuesday .
Richard Burnett , chief executive of Britain 's Road Haulage Association also told the BBC the plan was a `` poor use of taxpayers ' money '' .
He said funding for a wall `` would be much better spent on increasing security along the approach roads '' .
The wall , which is expected to cost 2.7 million euros ( $ 3.0 million ) , will be the latest barrier to go up around Europe as the continent struggles with its biggest migrant influx in decades .
Hungary has built a reinforced fence on its frontier with Serbia and Austria has announced plans for a massive new fence along its border with Hungary in a bid to shut down the Balkan migrant route .
Republican White House hopeful Donald Trump has said he plans to build a wall along the border with Mexico funded by the Mexican government if he is elected .
Many commentators on Twitter drew comparisons with Trump 's proposal , with @ fleetstreetfox saying : `` And now we 're the United Kingdom of Trump '' .
The wall in Calais was agreed following tens of thousands of attempted Channel crossings last year by migrants sneaking onto lorries boarding ferries and the Eurotunnel .
Angry French truckers and farmers blocked the main routes in and out of Calais on Monday to call for the closure of the sprawling `` Jungle '' migrant camp .
The Jungle , a squalid camp of tents and makeshift shelters , is home to some 7,000 migrants but charities say the number might be as high as 10,000 after an influx this summer .
Migrants from the camp sometimes use tree branches to create roadblocks to slow trucks heading for Britain , their destination of choice .
When the trucks slow down , migrants try to clamber into the trailers to stow away aboard .
Drivers say migrants and people trafficking gangs have attacked their vehicles with metal bars .
The drivers say despite the deployment of 2,100 officers around the port , the police are overstretched and unable to secure the roads .
French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve promised during a visit to the Jungle last week to close the camp down `` as quickly as possible '' but said it would be done in stages . |
`` We ALL must be united & amp ; condemn all that hate stands for . There is no place for this kind of violence in America . Lets come together as one ! ``
`` We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides , on many sides , It has been going on for a long time in our country -- not Donald Trump , not Barack Obama ... It has no place in America ... ''
`` Trump billed the event in which he made the remarks on Saturday as a press conference but failed to take any questions . Reporters attempted to ask the President whether he condemns white nationalists or if he considers the car slamming into counterprotesters terrorism . Trump , in the past , has been quick to label foreign events terrorism and has slammed fellow politicians for not quickly labeling attacks as terrorism. ``
`` Trump condemned 'hatred , bigotry , and violence on many sides . ' This is n't a many sides issue . This is about white supremacy , plain & amp ; simple. ``
`` It 's sad what 's going on in Charlottesville . Is this the direction our country is heading ? Make America Great Again huh ? ! He said that . ''
David Duke , the former Ku Klux Klan leader , said Mr Trump should remember it was white Americans who propelled him to power , not `` radical leftists '' .
`` We should call evil by its name . My brother did n't give his life fighting Hitler for Nazi ideas to go unchallenged here at home . ''
`` White supremacists , white nationalists , they 're not a part of anybody 's base . They are not a part of this country . They 're a part of hatred , they 're a part of bigotry , they 're a part of evil. ``
`` Mr. President - we must call evil by its name . These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism . ''
Other Republicans , including House Speaker Paul Ryan , Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , Sen. John McCain of Arizona and Republican National Committee Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel , all spoke out against the rally .
`` Every minute we allow this to persist through tacit encouragement or inaction is a disgrace , & amp ; corrosive to our values . Now is the time for leaders to be strong in their words & amp ; deliberate in their actions . ''
`` People must learn to hate , and if they can learn to hate , they can be taught to love . For love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite . ''
`` The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence , bigotry and hatred , and of course that includes white supremacists , KKK , neo-Nazi , and all extremists groups . He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together . ''
`` Racism is evil -- and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs , including KKK , neo-Nazis , white supremacists , and other hate groups are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans . To anyone who acted criminally in this weekend 's racist violence , you will be held fully accountable . Justice will be delivered . ''
Older employees tend to be more miserable in their jobs , with the rapid descent into workplace drudgery kicking in at the age of 35 , a new study claims .
While millennials may be full of youthful exuberance for their new roles , the reality of working life has set in for Generation X and Baby Boomers .
Experts looked at a range of factors affecting job satisfaction and found that older workers reported higher levels of stress and dissatisfaction .
This resulted in almost one fifth reporting that they are unhappy at work , according to the report - meaning burnout may hit sooner than you think .
'There comes a time when either you have n't achieved success , work has burned you out , or lived experience tells you family is more important , ' said Cary Cooper , a workplace researcher at Manchester Business School told Bloomberg .
'You ask yourself : 'What am I doing this for ? '
Researchers from Happiness Works , on behalf of recruitment firm Robert Half , found 17 percent of people over the age of 55 were unfulfilled in their roles .
Generation X did n't fare much better , with 16 percent of 35 to 54-year-olds admitting they were unhappy .
Half that number of Millennials said the same , with less than one in ten ( eight percent ) of workers aged 18 to 34 saying they were dissatisfied in their jobs .
The full report , which examined the influences behind employee happiness , discovered workplace stress was the largest factor affecting older workers .
This was coupled with creative dissatisfaction , struggling to find a happy work-life balance and feeling under-appreciated .
There ’ s a way to combat the pressure , Cooper said .
Making work friends could improve the situation , as well as refocusing on a personal project at work and make that your passion .
The London-based human resources firm also suggested a number of ways the issue could be addressed by employers .
Phil Sheridan , senior managing director at Robert Half UK , said : 'Employees that are aged over 35 have valuable experience that the whole organization can learn and benefit from .
'It 's important that their happiness is not neglected , so businesses need to take the time to invest in their staff at all levels .
'Simple things like conducting regular performance reviews , offering new opportunities for learning and setting ambitious career goals are all steps that can ensure more tenured workers feel appreciated and that career goals do n't become static . '
For those aged over 35 a little appreciation could go a long way , the report suggests .
Overall , 60 percent of those aged 18 to 35 said they feel appreciated and just 15 percent feel undervalued .
In comparison , a quarter ( 25 percent ) of 35 to 54-year-olds feel underappreciated , with this figure rising to 29 percent for those aged over 55 .
One third ( 34 percent ) of those aged over 35 said they found their job stressful .
This figure is significantly lower for 18 to 35-year-olds , where only a quarter ( 25 percent ) said they suffered from stress .
Complaints about work-life balance also come into play the older you are .
In total , 12 percent of those aged 35 to 54 and 17 percent of those aged over 55 struggle to juggle work with other aspects of their life .
In comparison , just one in ten millennials said they feel the same .
Overall , 68 percent of 18 to 34 year olds felt more free to be themselves at work , with more than half ( 55 percent ) saying that they were able to be creative at work .
This compared to 38 percent of Generation X and 31 percent of over 55s .
As employees get older , they are also far less likely to view their colleagues as friends .
In fact , 14 percent of those aged 35 to 54 and 16 percent of those aged over 55 said they do n't have good friends at work , clearly keeping their work and social lives separate .
By comparison , three in five ( 62 percent ) of 18 to 34 year olds said that they had good friends at work .
The official start of the Year of the Rooster in the Chinese Zodiac begins on January 28th , and the fashion industry has been paying homage in a big way .
Given it 's the most lucrative time of year for designer brands to target Chinese consumers – one of the most significant forces in global luxury consumption - a surge in zodiac-themed items can be seen everywhere but , they ’ re facing immense criticism .
Cashing in on the demand for holiday gifts , these brands are thrusting cultural references upon wealthy Chinese shoppers . However , many of the country ’ s millennials consider them outdated .
Instead of overused elements like red , yellow , phoenix ’ s and the seasonal rooster ; this new market are seeking more authentic and modern representations of Chinese culture .
Take Victoria Secret ’ s eponymous fashion show for instance which might we add , included a total of four Chinese models for the first time ever in its squad of heavenly Angels .
The lingerie brand decided to send dragon-decorated supermodels down the runway – think Adirana Lima ’ s yellow stiletto boots or Kendall Jenner carrying blue phoenix wings on her back – and it quickly became the subject of online criticism .
“ Even the world ’ s most beautiful bodies are not going to save these rustic and passe Chinese-themed outfits , ” wrote a Chinese web user on Sina Weibo , the country ’ s equivalent of Twitter .
From Dior ’ s rooster bracelet to Calvin Klein ’ s red and gold unmentionables , luxury retailers ’ New Year-themed products are leaving Chinese consumers disgruntled .
Talking of MCM ’ s rooster-embroidered bag , one person commented , “ red , gold , and zodiac signs are symbols of Chinese New Year , but why do they believe we want to carry a bag with a zodiac animal all year round ? ”
Other offerings include cosmetics giant Estee Lauder which has designed a golden rooster on its limited edition powder compact , while Dolce & amp ; Gabbana is offering up a five sequined Rooster bomber jacket for a mere £1450 .
Sure , the Chinese market is becoming increasingly more sophisticated but , the ability for these brands to seamlessly and elegantly integrate authentic Chinese elements into their designs is another factor to consider .
For some , it just doesn ’ t add up and consumers are refusing to invest in products that aren ’ t consistent with the brands aesthetic . One prime example is Longchamp ’ s handbag which features a red and gold embroidered rooster . It ’ s off brand and out of taste .
The style of young Chinese fashionistas has evidently evolved and , while luxury retailers will continue to cash in on this special occasion , they can ’ t ignore the social media backlash that many of these products have faced .
Highlights of the work report on the Supreme People 's Court
The SPC handled and concluded 22,742 and 20,151 cases respectively last year , up 42.3 percent and 42.6 percent from 2015 .
Its lower courts at different levels , meanwhile , handled and concluded 23.03 million and 19.77 million cases in 2016 , also up 18 percent and 18.3 percent respectively .
China 's court system concluded 45,000 graft cases in 2016 , implicating 63,000 people . The defendants included 35 former officials at the provincial and ministerial level or above , and 240 at the prefectural level .
Courts at all levels convicted 2,862 criminals of bribery , and concluded 15,000 cases involving corruption , embezzling funds and other crimes found in poverty alleviation .
China 's courts only handed out death sentences to an extremely small number of criminals for extremely severe offenses in the past ten years . The capital punishment had been strictly controlled and applied prudently since 2007 , when the SPC reserved the right to review all death penalty decisions handed out by lower courts .
China will step up the trials of intellectual property rights ( IPR ) cases this year to stimulate innovation and entrepreneurship of diverse entities . In 2016 , China improved IPR protection rules by making judiciary interpretations on the trials of certain kinds of cases , including patent right cases .
Last year , China tried a series of trademark cases lodged by US basketball icon Michael Jordan , demonstrating the country 's stance and determination to reinforce judicial protection for intellectual property rights .
Three IPR courts in the cities of Beijing , Shanghai and Guangzhou explored the application of punitive damages to solve problems including low infringement costs and high costs for safeguarding rights .
Four IPR tribunals , in charge of cross-regional IPR cases , opened in the cities of Nanjing , Suzhou , Wuhan and Chengdu last year .
Chinese courts at different levels concluded some 147,000 IPR cases in 2016 , boosting mass entrepreneurship and innovation .
China has extended its maritime jurisdiction to cover all seas under its jurisdiction in an effort to resolutely safeguard the country 's maritime rights and interests .
Courts will strike hard on severe criminal offenses such as murder and robbery , and hand out due sentences for those involved in telecom and Internet fraud , in order to maintain social stability .
Highlights of the work report on the Supreme People 's Procuratorate
In 2016 , procurators investigated 47,650 people for their suspected involvement in duty-related crimes .
Prosecution proceedings were launched against 48 former officials at the provincial and ministerial level or above , including Ling Jihua and Su Rong , both former vice chairmen of the country 's top political advisory body , and Bai Enpei , a former senior lawmaker with the NPC .
Procurators also investigated 17,410 lower level officials suspected of corruption in land expropriation and demolition , social security , management of agriculture-related funds and other issues concerning the people 's well-being .
Since China launched a campaign to hunt down fugitives implicated in duty-related crimes in October 2014 , 164 suspects , including 27 listed in an Interpol red notice , have been repatriated or persuaded to return to China from 37 countries and regions .
To severely punish infiltrating , subversive and sabotage activities by hostile forces , violent and terrorist crimes , ethnic separatist activities and religious extremist activities .
Chinese prosecutors will strike hard on crimes that involve disturbing market order , infringement of IPR and encroachment of special government funds .
To strike hard on crimes undermining food and drug safety and environmental protection .
Driving for more than two hours a day negatively affects IQ levels , scientists have warned .
In what might come as unwelcome news for middle-aged commuters , a recent study found that long periods behind the wheel could speed up the effects of age on the brain .
The researchers said that the results could be explained by the fact that the mind is less active on long car journeys .
The mammoth project saw more than half a million Britons aged 37-73 studied over a period of five years .
Out of these some 93,000 of them drove more than two or three hours a day .
Researchers found that not only did this proportion of subjects typically have lower brainpower to begin with but their IQ score declined more rapidly over the course of the study than those who did little or no driving .
Kishan Bakrania , a medical epidemiologist at the University of Leicester , told The Sunday Times : 'We know that regularly driving for more than two or three hours a day is bad for your heart .
'This research suggests it is bad for your brain too , perhaps because your mind is less active in those hours . '
Previous studies have found that long periods of inactivity have a detrimental affect on brainpower and Dr Bakrania 's research shows similar results for those who watched more than two hours of television a day .
But the study also found using computers actually boosted people 's cognitive stills , leading the scientist to propose another potential factor for driving 's negative effects .
'Driving causes stresses and fatigue , with studies showing the links between them and cognitive decline . '
Since they became parents three years ago , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have turned Anmer Hall in Norfolk into their perfect family home , offering a `` normal '' childhood for Prince George and Princess Charlotte away from prying eyes .
In 2017 , however , they are expected to leave it behind after deciding Prince George should be schooled in London and that Kensington Palace should be their full-time base .
The Duke and Duchess are also ready to step up their royal duties , with the Duke contemplating giving up his career as a helicopter pilot to take up a full-time public role .
Sources close to the couple have said they are committed to expanding their own Royal Foundation charity by giving more time to pet causes including mental health .
They have told friends they expect 2017 to be a milestone year , in which they settle into roles that will last until they become king and queen .
A source said : `` The Duke , in particular , has a lot of thinking to do over the Christmas and New Year period .
`` He has his job as an Air Ambulance pilot , which he enjoys very much , but he also wants to take on more royal duties , as does the Duchess . ''
`` Decisions about schooling and nurseries are all part of that . '' The Duke and Duchess are understood to have put Prince George 's name down for £6,500-a-term Wetherby School in London , the pre-prep school attended by the young Princes William and Harry .
Officially , they have made no final decision on schooling , but the Duchess is said to be privately resigned to moving back to London .
An added factor is that the Duke 's two-year piloting contract comes to an end in March , and he will have to decide before then whether he is able to sign on for another lengthy period .
One likely scenario is that he will continue working for East Anglian Air Ambulance until the summer , even though his contract with Bond Air Services expires in March .
The Duke and Duchess and Prince Harry have carried out more engagements this year than in 2015 .
Royal sources said that trend would continue in 2017 as they help to lighten the workload for the Queen , who will be 91 in April , and the Duke of Edinburgh , who will be 96 in June .
Before Christmas the Queen passed on her patronages of 25 organisations to members of the Royal family including the Duke and Duchess .
The Duchess has become patron of the All England Lawn Tennis Club at Wimbledon and the Duke is patron of the Welsh Rugby Union , among other groups .
As the new year starts you might have recently bought a new diary or calendar and thought ‘ Where do these words come from ? ’ – at least that ’ s what I did . There is also , of course , also the chance that you have been merrily scheduling in gym appointments and book clubs and all sorts of other details relating to New Year ’ s resolutions ( have you kept yours so far ? ) but we ’ ll take the opportunity to add a resolution to your list : learn where we got the names for all the months of the year . Spoilers : it ’ s a mixture of gods , rulers , and numbers .
January is named after the Roman god Janus , who presided over doors and beginnings – appropriately enough , for the beginning of the year ( though this is , as you will discover , not as straightforward as it seems ) . Indeed , Janus was usually depicted with two faces looking backwards and forwards , as is often characteristic of a new year ; this also gave rise to the term Janus word for words that have two opposite meanings .
February is ultimately based on Latin februarius , from februa . In case that ’ s not helped things become clearer , februa was the name of a purification feast held on the 15th of this month . February is a divisive issue in modern pronunciation , with both Feb-yoo-ary and Feb-roo-ary being commonly heard .
Which god gets a planet and a month named after him ? You ’ ve guessed it : Mars . Why him ? As the Oxford English Dictionary notes , ‘ In ancient Rome several festivals of Mars took place in March , presumably in preparation for the campaigning season , since Mars was a god of war . ’
We know that the English word April comes from the Latin Aprillis , the fourth month of the ancient Roman calendar , but things are less clear after that . In Old English , April was also sometimes called Eastermonab , ‘ Easter month ’ .
The month is connected with the goddess Maia . Perhaps less well known now than the other deities with months named after them , Maia ( in Greek mythology ) was daughter of Atlas and mother of Hermes . She was considered a nurturer and an earth goddess , which may explain the connection with this springtime month . Although may is a common modal verb , the month and the word are unrelated .
Having conceded one month to a Greek deity , we ’ re now back with the Romans : June is named after the ancient Roman goddess Juno , wife of Jupiter and goddess of marriage and childbirth . June was also once sometimes known as midsummer month .
The first month in the calendar named after a real person , July was named in honour of Julius Caesar after his death in 44 BC , July being the month of his birth . Before it was renamed , the month was known as Quintilis ( borrowed into English as Quintile ) , which means ‘ fifth ’ . If you ’ ve been counting , you ’ ll know that July isn ’ t the fifth month : we ’ ll come on to that when we reach September and October .
Following suit , in 8 BC , the month Sextilis ( ‘ sixth ’ ) was renamed after Augustus , the first Roman emperor , who had died six years earlier . Augustus himself was given this title when he became emperor , having previously been known as Octavian . It came from the Latin augustus meaning ‘ consecrated , venerable ’ which gave rise to the English adjective august , ‘ respected and impressive ’ .
September follows on from Quinitlis and Sextilis , in that it comes from the Latin septem , ‘ seven ’ . As with those ( and the rest of the calendar ) , the numbering is a bit off now : September was originally the seventh month in an ancient Roman ten-month calendar , which started with March .
More of the same : octo is the Latin for ‘ eight ’ , for that ten month calendar . Two months were added to the end of the calendar year around 713 BC , and the beginning of the year was moved to 1 January in 153 BC .
The pattern continues : November comes from novem , ‘ nine ’ . November is also , we ’ re afraid , used ‘ with allusion to November ’ s position at the end of the year , and to the characteristic greyness , gloominess , etc. , associated with it in the northern hemisphere ’ . The earliest known example of this allusive use comes from Jane Austen ’ s posthumously published novel Persuasion .
And we finish off the year with December , from decem , ‘ ten ’ . The month also comes with a brace of adjectives : Decemberish and Decemberly , the latter of which can also be used as an adverb . And there you have it : a whole calendar year of etymologies to see you through the whole of 2016 .
According to an interview with the Telegraph lately , Gordon Ramsay 's three children wo n't be sharing much in the chef 's $ 54m wealth once he 's gone .
`` It ’ s definitely not going to them , and that ’ s not in a mean way ; it ’ s to not spoil them , '' he explained .
The remark sparked headlines around the world , but Ramsay is n't the only celebrity multi-millionaire to have elected against leaving a pile of cash to his progeny .
If you 're thinking of finding a rich celebrity to adopt you , avoid this lot…
“ I don ’ t believe in passing on from one generation to another , '' Cowell once said . “ Your legacy has to be that hopefully you gave enough people an opportunity , so that they could do well , and you gave them your time , taught them what you know . ”
The pint-sized pop despot reportedly has a fortune in excess of £300m . But will lookalike son Eric see any of that sweet , sweet talent show moolah ? Will he heck .
`` I 'm going to leave my money to somebody , '' he told Esquire . `` A charity , probably kids and dogs . ''
For punching people really fast and kicking them in the head and jumping off stuff , Jackie Chan has built a fortune of around $ 130m .
His son , Jaycee , must feel pretty secure in his future then , yes ?
No .
“ If he is capable , he can make his own money . If he is not , then he will just be wasting my money , '' says Jackie , who plans to leave the lot to charity .
The perfect amount to leave your children , billionaire Warren Buffet famously said in the 80s , is `` enough money so that they would feel they could do anything , but not so much that they could do nothing . ''
He 's reportedly doing just that , leaving a small amount of his $ 70bn wealth to his three grown-up children . The rest will go to charity .
Like fellow super-rich philanthropist Warren Buffet , Bill Gates is not going to be giving his £70bn fortune to his offspring . Or not all of it , anyway .
`` Our kids will receive a great education and some money so they are never going to be poorly off but they ’ ll go out and have their own career , '' he told Holly Willoughby last year .
`` It ’ s not a favour to kids to have them have huge sums of wealth . It distorts anything they might do , creating their own path .
`` This money is dedicated to helping the poorest . They know that , they are proud of that , they go on trips with us and see the work that ’ s being done . ''
The kids are apparently fine with it . All depends what he means by `` poorly off '' ...
Despite 80 years in showbusiness , Mickey Rooney reportedly had less than $ 30,000 to leave when he died in 2014 .
His will disinherited all eight of his surviving children , all of whom were said to be wealthier than their father . Instead , the money was left to his stepson and carer before his death , Mark .
This Alabama man has been on 30 unsuccessful dates in the past ten months — to remedy this situation , he created a website offering a $ 10,000 reward to anyone who can find him a girlfriend .
Ren Lu You is a 29-year-old living in Birmingham , Alabama .
He 's a recent Harvard Business School graduate and works full-time as a private equity associate .
There 's just one problem : He ca n't seem to find the right woman .
To remedy this situation , You created his own dating website , dateren.com , where people can submit female friends who might like to date You .
As an incentive , if You and a woman submitted to the site wind up dating for more than six months , You says he will pay $ 10,000 to the person who helped set them up ( unless You 's future girlfriend submits herself , in which case she would not be eligible for the cash reward ) .
The giant panda is no longer an endangered species , following decades of work by conservationists to save it .
The official status of the much-loved animal has been changed from `` endangered '' to `` vulnerable '' because of a population rebound in China .
The change was announced as part of an update to the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) Red List .
But the update also brought bad news . The eastern gorilla , the world 's largest primate , is now endangered .
Efforts by China , which claims the giant panda as its national animal , have brought its numbers back from the brink . The latest estimates show a population of 1,864 adults .
There are no exact figures for the numbers of cubs , but estimates bring the total number of giant pandas to 2,060 .
`` Evidence from a series of range-wide national surveys indicate that the previous population decline has been arrested , and the population has started to increase , '' said the IUCN 's updated report .
`` The improved status confirms that the Chinese government 's efforts to conserve this species are effective , '' it added .
But the rebound could be short-lived , the IUCN warned . Climate change is predicted to wipe out more than one-third of the panda 's bamboo habitat in the next 80 years .
`` And thus panda population is projected to decline , reversing the gains made during the last two decades , '' the report said .
It added : `` To protect this iconic species , it is critical that the effective forest protection measures are continued and that emerging threats are addressed . ''
John Robinson , a primatologist and chief conservation officer at the Wildlife Conservation Society , told the AFP news agency : `` When push comes to shove , the Chinese have done a really good job with pandas .
`` So few species are actually downlisted , it really is a reflection of the success of conservation , '' he told the AFP news agency . ''
A surge of illegal hunting has taken the eastern gorilla in the other direction , reducing its numbers to just 5,000 across the globe .
Four out of six of the Earth 's great apes are now critically endangered - the eastern gorilla , western gorilla , Bornean orangutan and Sumatran orangutan .
`` Today is a sad day because the IUCN Red List shows we are wiping out some of our closest relatives , '' Inger Andersen , IUCN director general , told reporters .
The number of eastern gorillas has declined more than 70 % in the past two decades .
The IUCN Red List includes 82,954 species , both plants and animals . Almost one third , 23,928 , are listed as being threatened with extinction .
Europe is preparing for a robot revolution .
European lawmakers have proposed that robots be equipped with emergency `` kill switches '' to prevent them from causing excessive damage . Legislators have also suggested that robots be insured and even be made to pay taxes .
The proposal on robot governance was approved by the European Parliament 's legal affairs committee on Thursday . The issue will now be considered by the European Commission , which is the bloc 's top regulator .
`` A growing number of areas of our daily lives are increasingly affected by robotics , '' said Mady Delvaux , the parliamentarian who authored the proposal . `` To ensure that robots are and will remain in the service of humans , we urgently need to create a robust European legal framework . ''
Here is what lawmakers have proposed :
Kill switch
The proposal calls for a new charter on robotics that would give engineers guidance on how to design ethical and safe machines .
For example , designers should include `` kill switches '' so that robots can be turned off in emergencies . They must also make sure that robots can be reprogrammed if their software does n't work as designed .
Remember : It 's just a robot
The proposal also says that robots should always be identifiable as mechanical creations . That will help prevent humans from developing emotional attachments .
The report cites the example of care robots , saying that people who are physically dependent on them could develop emotional attachments .
Who 's responsible for misbehaving robots ?
The proposal calls for a compulsory insurance scheme - similar to car insurance - that would require producers and owners to take out insurance to cover the damage caused by their robots .
Give robots rights ?
The proposal explores whether sophisticated autonomous robots should be given the status of `` electronic persons . ''
This designation would apply in situations where robots make autonomous decisions or interact with humans independently .
It would also saddle robots with certain rights and obligations - for example , robots would be responsible for any damage they cause .
Should robots pay tax ?
If advanced robots start replacing human workers in large numbers , the report recommends the European Commission force their owners to pay taxes or contribute to social security .
EU member states should also consider implementing a universal income to blunt the impact of the job losses .
A new mobile app has been launched that allows British women to select a sperm donor to father their child .
London Sperm Bank Donors , nicknamed 'order a daddy ' , lets women browse men by a series of characteristics including height , ethnicity and hair colour .
The company says it is the first such app of its kind , designed to 'address the acute shortage of sperm donated in the UK ' .
Much like online dating apps , it also includes a biography of the potential father containing their educational history , job and personality traits .
To obtain a sample , the user must pay via the app , which will allow the sperm to be delivered to a fertility clinic of the woman 's choice .
Dr Kamal Ahuja , scientific director of the London Sperm Bank , told the Sunday Times finding a donor will now be as easy as ordering from big retail websites .
He said : 'You make all the transactions online , like you do anything else these days .
'This allows a woman who wants to get a sperm donor to gain control in the privacy of her own home and to choose and decide in her own time . '
But it has been criticised by campaigners , including Josephine Quintaville of Comment on Reproductive ethics , who told the paper : 'It 's digital dads . This is the ultimate denigration of fatherhood . '
Women using the app can list the characteristics they most desire in a father and can set up alerts when an appropriate person becomes available .
Among the anonymous donors are lawyers , doctors , engineers and actors .
Where do students in Asia dream of working after graduation ? American tech companies are at the top of their list .
Google is the most desirable employer among business and engineering/IT students in the Asia-Pacific region , according to research and consulting firm Universum .
Google offers `` the attributes that millennials look for '' -- namely a reputation for offering a friendly work environment and for fostering creativity and innovation , says Daniel Ng , Universum 's research project manager for Asia-Pacific .
Apple rates strongly in the region too , coming in second for business students and third among engineering and IT students .
`` Apple has the added visibility of providing attractive products and services through the iPad and iPhone , '' Ng said .
Microsoft also proved popular , ranking second with engineering and IT students and 11th among business students .
Universum surveyed students in nine countries including China , Japan , India , and Australia about their career hopes . Google and Microsoft also rated highly in a separate Universum survey of students in Europe .
In Asia , other businesses that scored high were consulting groups like McKinsey , accounting firms such as EY ( Ernst & amp ; Young ) and consumer products companies including Procter & amp ; Gamble ( PG ) .
Despite fallout from the financial crisis , banks remain popular among business students . Goldman Sachs ranked the highest , coming in fourth on the list of preferred employers .
`` We see strong players like Goldman Sachs doing well because they offer good references for future careers , '' said Ng . `` Students see that as valuable . You also have to look at the financial aspect -- the potential for high future earnings . ''
While Western employers dominate the top 20 , some top Asian companies – including Samsung ( SSNLF ) ( No . 5 among engineers ) , Sony ( SNE ) ( No . 10 ) , and Huawei ( No . 12 ) -- also ranked highly .
Unesco ’ s World Heritage List 2017 is out , with 21 new places receiving the prestigious accolade of being declared a Unesco World Heritage Site .
Essentially the Oscars for sites of natural beautiful or cultural significance , the Unesco World Heritage List is reappraised every year at the annual committee meeting .
The 2017 edition was held in Krakow from July 2 to 12 . The 41st session of the World Heritage Committee decided which of 33 nominated sites , including six natural sites , 26 cultural and one that was proposed both as a natural and cultural site , were worthy of being named World Heritage Sites .
Some 20 places were added to the list , among them China 's Gulangyu historic international settlement in Fujian province and Hoh Xil in Qinghai province . They now sits alongside the likes of the Great Barrier Reef , Taj Mahal , Grand Canyon and the Great Wall of China .
Gulangyu Island is located on the estuary of Jiulong River facing the city of Xiamen . Its heritage includes a settlement composed of 931 historical buildings , representing a variety of local and international architectural styles , natural sceneries , historic roads and gardens . Gulangyu is an exceptional example of cultural fusion .
Hoh Xil is a region in the northwestern part of the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau . As the world 's largest , highest and youngest plateau , it hosts many endemic species and is home to more than 230 species of wild animal , including the wild yak , wild donkey , white-lip deer , brown bear and the endangered Tibetan antelope .
Qinghai Hoh Xil , China
Landscapes Of Dauria , Mongolia , Russian Federation
Los Alerces National Park , Argentina
Hebron/Al-Khalil Old Town , Palestine
Mbanza Kongo , vestiges of the capital of the former Kingdom of Kongo , Angola
Asmara : a Modernist City of Africa，Eritrea
Khomani Cultural Landscape，Republic of South Africa
Temple Zone of Sambor Prei Kuk , Archaeological Site of Ancient Ishanapura，Cambodia
Kulangsu : A historic international settlement , China
Historic City of Ahmadabad , India
Historic City of Yazd , Islamic Republic of Iran
Sacred Island of Okinoshima and Associated Sites in the Munakata , Japan
Venetian Works of Defence between the 16th and 17th Centuries : Stato da Terra – Western Stato da Mar , Croatia , Italy , Montenegro
Kujataa Greenland : Norse and Inuit Farming at the Edge of the Ice Cap , Denmark
Taputapuātea , France
Caves and Ice Age Art in the Swabian Jura , Germany
Tarnowskie Góry Lead-Silver-Zinc Mine and its Underground Water Management System , Poland
Assumption Cathedral and Monastery of the town-island of Sviyazhsk , Russian Federation
Aphrodisias , Turkey
The English Lake District , United Kingdom
Valongo Wharf Archaeological Site , Brazil
Kit Harington had one word for fans after his character Jon Snow was resurrected on Sunday 's episode of Game Of Thrones - 'Sorry . '
The 29-year-old English actor apologized profusely in a video released to Entertainment Weekly , following Sunday night 's episode .
Harington has spent the last year repeatedly denying that Jon Snow would be making a comeback , after devastated fans watched the character be stabbed repeatedly and left for dead in the dramatic season five finale of the hit HBO snow .
But Snow was brought back to life in Sunday night 's episode by the sorceress Melisandre , opening his eyes and taking a giant breath of air just before the credits started rolling .
The show 's producer had asked the actor to keep the show 's secret with a stellar off-camera performance .
'I ’ d like to say sorry for lying to everyone . I ’ m glad that people were upset that he died , ' Kit said in the newly-released video , which preceded a mass reaction from fans of the fantasy drama .
'I think my biggest fear was that people were not going to care . Or it would just be , ''Fine , Jon Snow 's dead , '' ' he added .
The actor said he was glad that fans had a similar reaction to his character 's death as they did following the bloody Red Wedding episode .
'Which means something I 'm doing - or the show is doing - is right , ' he continued .
Unsurprisingly , fans of the show - who have been waiting a year to learn of his fate - took to Twitter in droves Sunday evening , as it was revealed that he is still alive .
Leading the way was Thrones superfan Justin Timberlake , who simply tweeted his emphatic delight : 'JON SNOW ! ! ! ! ! ! '
User @ SavChristie joked : 'Me going door to door tonight : Excuse me , ma'am , but have you heard about our risen Lord Commander and savior , Jon Snow ? '
And ‏ @ AvaraHebert found the positive in an otherwise difficult day , adding : 'Today is my 14 hour school day but all is fine because Jon Snow is alive . '
Twitter user ‏ @ omidreza_ht remarked on Kit 's incredibly great secret-keeping over the past year , despite being asked constantly in interviews and by fans over Snow 's story line .
He wrote : ' # KitHarrington deserves an oscar for one year of continuous acting . You know nothing # JonSnow . '
Sharing his sentiment , @ daxramires commented : 'But really though , the `` Jon Snow is dead '' campaign is probably the biggest white lie in television history . '
Meanwhile , ‏ @ PrachiRai claimed the ending of episode , titled Home , gave her life , writing : 'Jon Snow 's resurrection has increased my lifespan . '
The sixth series of the show , based on George RR Martin 's books , made its highly-anticipated return last week .
And the big reveal ends 10 months of speculation after Jon Snow was betrayed and 'stabbed to death ' by his brothers from the Night 's Watch .
Meanwhile , Kit has been dating his Game Of Thrones love interest Rose Leslie .
The 29-year-old Scottish actress portrayed the wildling Ygritte on the show , but she died during the fourth season of the HBO show in Snow 's arms .
It 's tough to hold on to good employees , but it should n't be . Most of the mistakes that companies make are easily avoided . When you do make mistakes , your best employees are the first to go , because they have the most options .
If you ca n't keep your best employees engaged , you ca n't keep your best employees . While this should be common sense , it is n't common enough .
When you lose good employees , they do n't disengage all at once . Instead , their interest in their jobs slowly dissipates . Michael Kibler , who has spent much of his career studying this phenomenon , refers to it as brownout . Like dying stars , star employees slowly lose their fire for their jobs .
“ Brownout is different from burnout because workers afflicted by it are not in obvious crisis , ” Kibler said . “ They seem to be performing fine : putting in massive hours , grinding out work while contributing to teams , and saying all the things in meetings . However , they are operating in a silent state of continual overwhelm , and the predictable consequence is disengagement . ”
In order to prevent brownout and to retain top talent , companies and managers must understand what they 're doing that contributes to this slow fade . The following practices are the worst offenders , and they must be abolished if you 're going to hang on to good employees .
1 . They make a lot of stupid rules .
Companies need to have rules — that 's a given — but they do n't have to be shortsighted and lazy attempts at creating order . Whether it 's an overzealous attendance policy or taking employees ' frequent flier miles , even a couple of unnecessary rules can drive people crazy . When good employees feel like big brother is watching , they 'll find someplace else to work .
2 . They treat everyone equally .
While this tactic works with school children , the workplace ought to function differently . Treating everyone equally shows your top performers that no matter how high they perform ( and , typically , top performers are work horses ) , they will be treated the same as the bozo who does nothing more than punch the clock .
3 . They tolerate poor performance .
It 's said that in jazz bands , the band is only as good as the worst player ; no matter how great some members may be , everyone hears the worst player . The same goes for a company . When you permit weak links to exist without consequence , they drag everyone else down , especially your top performers . This often happens when managers lack the emotional intelligence to address performance issues head on .
4 . They do n't recognize accomplishments .
It 's easy to underestimate the power of a pat on the back , especially with top performers who are intrinsically motivated . Everyone likes kudos , none more so than those who work hard and give their all . Rewarding individual accomplishments shows that you 're paying attention . Managers need to communicate with their people to find out what makes them feel good ( for some , it 's a raise ; for others , it 's public recognition ) and then to reward them for a job well done . With top performers , this will happen often if you 're doing it .
5 . They do n't care about people .
More than half the people who leave their jobs do so because of their relationship with their boss . Smart companies make certain that their managers know how to balance being professional with being human ( an emotional intelligence test is a good place to start ) . These are the bosses who celebrate their employees ' successes , empathize with those going through hard times , and challenge them , even when it hurts . Bosses who fail to really care will always have high turnover rates . It 's impossible to work for someone for eight-plus hours a day when they are n't personally involved and do n't care about anything other than your output .
6 . They do n't show people the big picture .
It may seem efficient to simply send employees assignments and move on , but leaving out the big picture is a deal breaker for star performers . Star performers shoulder heavier loads because they genuinely care about their work , so their work must have a purpose . When they do n't know what that is , they feel alienated and aimless . When they are n't given a purpose , they find one elsewhere .
7 . They do n't let people pursue their passions .
Google mandates that employees spend at least 20 % of their time doing “ what they believe will benefit Google most. ” While these passion projects make major contributions to marquis Google products , such as Gmail and AdSense , their biggest impact is in creating highly engaged Googlers . Talented employees are passionate . Providing opportunities for them to pursue their passions improves their productivity and job satisfaction , but many managers want people to work within a little box . These managers fear that productivity will decline if they let people expand their focus and pursue their passions . This fear is unfounded . Studies have shown that people who are able to pursue their passions at work experience flow , a euphoric state of mind that is five times more productive than the norm .
8 . They do n't make things fun .
If people are n't having fun at work , then you 're doing it wrong . People do n't give their all if they are n't having fun , and fun is a major protector against brownout . The best companies to work for know the importance of letting employees loosen up a little . Google , for example , does just about everything it can to make work fun—free meals , bowling allies , and fitness classes , to name a few . The idea is simple : if work is fun , you 'll not only perform better , but you 'll stick around for longer hours and an even longer career .
Bringing It All Together : Managers tend to blame their turnover problems on everything under the sun while ignoring the crux of the matter : people do n't leave jobs ; they leave managers .
International Children 's Day is coming up on June 1 . Here we have selected ten films from around the world that are most worthy for children to see .
E.T . the Extra-Terrestrial ( 1982 )
Director : Steven Spielberg
Country : United States of America
Storyline :
A group of alien botanists is discovered and disturbed by a human task force while visiting the Earth at night . In a hasty take-off , one of the visitors from space is left behind and finds himself all alone on a very strange planet . Fortunately the extra-terrestrial soon finds a friend and companion , 10-year-old Elliot , a lonely boy himself , and slowly acquaints himself with Elliot 's older brother Michael , his sister Gertie and how things are done on Earth . Meanwhile members of the task force work day and night to track down the take-offs of the little alien . Elliot and E.T . develop a special connection , and the gang try their best to help E.T . go home .
Ten writers and artists in Estonia are to be paid a salary by the state for the next three years to encourage their work , it 's been reported .
The ministry of culture in the Baltic state has announced that those selected will each receive a portion of the 160,000 euros which will be set aside each year from 2016 , Estonian public broadcaster ERR reports . `` The state 's interest is straightforward : a poet or painter needs an opportunity to concentrate on his or her creative work , '' says ministry spokesperson Meelis Kompus . `` Without enough support and people working on several fronts to make ends meet , precious creations may never see the light of day or be delayed . ''
To apply , writers and artists have to submit a portfolio of their work , a personal statement , and they must outline their creative goals for the next few years .
State salaries for the arts are rare , and the most that artists can usually hope for is a grant or bursary which gives financial security for a short period . In Ireland , for example , the Arts Council offers up to 15,000 euros as a single-year literary bursary .
That 's something Estonia is trying to change , with Culture Minister Indrek Saar saying that the proposed salary offers security that one-off arts grants do not usually provide . Competition for the 10 salaried posts is expected to be `` fierce '' , according to director of Tallinn Art Hall Taaniel Raudsepp . `` Our aim is to find people who are at the peak of their creative powers , '' he says .
Giving your child a smartphone is like “ giving them a gram of cocaine ” , a top addiction therapist has warned .
Time spent messaging friends on Snapchat and Instagram can be just as dangerously addictive for teenagers as drugs and alcohol , and should be treated as such , school leaders and teachers were told at an education conference in London .
Speaking alongside experts in technology addiction and adolescent development , Harley Street rehab clinic specialist Mandy Saligari said screen time was too often overlooked as a potential vehicle for addiction in young people .
“ I always say to people , when you ’ re giving your kid a tablet or a phone , you ’ re really giving them a bottle of wine or a gram of coke , ” she said .
“ Why do we pay so much less attention to those things than we do to drugs and alcohol when they work on the same brain impulses ? ”
Her comments follow news that children as young as 13 are being treated for digital technology – with a third of British children aged 12-15 admitting they do not have a good balance between screen time and other activities .
“ When people tend to look at addiction , their eyes tend to be on the substance or thing – but really it ’ s a pattern of behavior that can manifest itself in a number of different ways , ” Ms Saligari said , naming food obsessions , self-harm and sexting as examples .
Concern has grown recently over the number of young people seen to be sending or receiving pornographic images , or accessing age inappropriate content online through their devices .
Ms Saligari , who heads the Harley Street Charter clinic in London , said around two thirds of her patients were 16-20 year-olds seeking treatment for addiction – a “ dramatic increase ” on ten years ago - but many of her patients were even younger .
In a recent survey of more than 1,500 teachers , around two-thirds said they were aware of pupils sharing sexual content , with as many as one in six of those involved of primary school age .
More than 2,000 children have been reported to police for crimes linked to indecent images in the past three years .
“ So many of my clients are 13 and 14 year-old-girls who are involved in sexting , and describe sexting as ‘ completely normal ’ , ” said Ms Saligari .
Many young girls in particular believe that sending a picture of themselves naked to someone on their mobile phone is “ normal ” , and that it only becomes “ wrong ” when a parent or adult finds out , she added .
Ofcom figures suggest more than four in ten parents of 12-15 year-olds find it hard to control their children ’ s screen time .
Even three and four year olds consume an average of six and half hours of internet time per week , according to the broadcasting regulators .
Relax . You can wear whatever you want and chances are nobody will say a word to you . And far be it from us to dictate what someone else should wear or not wear . That said , we thought it would be fun to ask our Huff/Post50 Facebook friends what they think men over 40 need to cart off to Goodwill . Here are some of their responses and a few of our own .
1 . Baseball caps worn backward . Or forward , actually too .
Once the fashion statement of the entertainment industry , the baseball cap worn backward has become something of a cliche that says “ I ’ m not Ron Howard but sure wish I had the dude ’ s money . ”
The only guys over 40 who wear caps backward should be baseball catchers . It is widely believed that men wear baseball caps only to cover what is no longer there . Remember , bald is beautiful if worn with confidence .
2 . Hats that aren ’ t Tilley Hats .
A Tilley hat is timeless statement piece . Mostly what it is stating is that Tilleys have a spot to write your name in them so that when you leave your hat in restaurants , they know how to reach you . Tilleys also have a replacement policy that is unsurpassed , just in case the guy over 40 who found it decides to cross out your name and keep it for himself . An imperfect system , we know . But still great hats .
3 . Tee-shirts that shrunk in the wash .
It is a pity when our favorite shirts no longer fit us . We weep right alongside you brother . At some point , we all need to remember that hot water has no place in our laundry cycle . Notice how we blame the washer setting and not anyone ’ s expanding belly .
4 . Anything that points an arrow to said expanding belly .
Bellies are jolly good things when worn under a red Santa suit by the guy at the mall at Christmas time . Under other circumstances , they should be kept under wraps . This means no belts that need to be worn beneath them , no shirts so short that bellies protrude from below , and no Speedos under any circumstances .
5 . Yes , absolutely no Speedos under any circumstances .
Very few men of any age can carry off a Speedo . While we have no issue with wanting to show off your package of junk , we ’ d rather see a package of hunk . Leaving something to the imagination is sexiest of all . Unless you are on a beach in Mykonos , in which case your Speedo labels you overdressed .
6 . Man buns are good , man pigtails not so much .
While technically not a style item that can be retired to the thrift store , reader Judy Gregg mentioned pigtails , reminding us that what looks adorable on little girls playing soccer gets all Willie Nelson for us on older men .
7 . Corduroy jackets with suede patches on the elbows .
Once the realm of university professors and scholars , anything with elbow patches was pretty much banned from First World closets in the early 1990s . These jackets have resurfaced , principally found in vintage clothing stores .
8 . Dirty clothes of any kind .
Shirts stained with food are a cry for help . Don ’ t let your shirts cry . Clean them . In fact , clean everything . You could probably start with the dirty dishes in the sink and then maybe vacuum . Cleanliness is a good thing — and super hot .
9 . Mom jeans .
Whatever the male equivalent is to Mom Jeans needs to go . Jeans are a staple of life . Everyone needs at least one good pair , which is to say a piece of denim that they shelled out a bushel of money for . Jeans are our go-to item , life ’ s comfort blanket , the one item we would wear every day if we could and do wear even when we can ’ t . Men need to invest in a good pair and toss out all the rest .
10 . A hoodie with profanity on it .
It is OK to wear a sweatshirt emblazoned with the name of your daughter ’ s college on it . If you ’ re shelling out $ 50,000 a year for her to attend , you at least get to wear the sweatshirt . Just don ’ t wear sweatshirts with profanity written on them . Remember how you taught the college girl that her friends who use the F word just have limited vocabularies and that cursing doesn ’ t make you sound grown-up — it just makes you sound coarse . Don ’ t be coarse . Be gentle and kind .
Fed up with the constant noise made by his upstairs neighbors , a man in China got his revenge by giving them a taste of their own medicine . He bought a device known as a “ building shaker ” online and left it on for a whole weekend .
A resident of Xi ’ an , China ’ s Shaanxi province , the man – known only by his surname , Zhao – had complained that his upstairs neighbors ’ son was making too much noise jumping around , and robbing him of his much needed rest and relaxation . He first tried reasoning with the family , politely asking them to keep the noise down at certain hours , but his requests fell on deaf ears and the constant banging continued .
After the diplomatic approach failed , Zhao decided that it was time for some serious payback . He went online and paid 400 yuan for a device known as a building shaker . Yes , you can actually buy such a thing legally in China , and a simple search on online retail giant Taobao reveals dozens of different models and brands priced as low as 76 yuan . They are designed to produce strong vibrations , with the stronger versions claiming to reproduce the same effect as someone drilling into the floor . Upstairs neighbors have to shout to hear each other over the loud noise , so sleeping is out of the question , and the constant vibration is annoying as well . Most models even come with timers or connect to your smartphone so you can turn them on while you are away .
And that ’ s exactly what Zhao did . He turned on the building shaker at 8 pm , on Friday , just before leaving his apartment for the weekend . For two days straight , his noisy upstairs neighbors had to put up with the drill-like sound and vibration caused by the motorized device , and they were powerless to stop it . They tried calling the property management and the police to complain about the situation , but since the owner of the apartment where the noise was coming from wasn ’ t at home , all they could do was wait until he got back .
Police were waiting for Zhao when he returned home on Sunday afternoon , and asked him to turn off the infernal building shaker , but it ’ s unclear if he was fined for his revenge scheme . TOMO News reports that Zhao and his neighbors agreed to never bother each other again .
Believe it or not , building shakers are marketed as the perfect way of getting back at noisy neighbors and making their life a living hell . Apparently , they are designed to keep the noise in the user ’ s apartment to the level of an air conditioning unit , while wreaking havoc upstairs .
For most of us , it 's just a dream -- one that never happens .
We are lazing by the river , more than 100,000 euros just happen to float by , we dive in to collect it . And in the end , we get to keep it .
Turns out believe it or not , that this does actually happen sometimes . Just not to us .
Two young men in Austria , however , appear to be the lucky ones . Because that 's what happened to them Saturday .
`` On Saturday morning at 10 am , people called the police , as there were two young men in the Danube '' apparently trying to retrieve cash , said Patrick Maierhofer , a spokesman for the Vienna Police .
Source of money is a mystery
Police , knowing an emergency when they heard of one , arrived on the scene within one minute , the spokesman said .
There , Maierhofer said , they `` saw two men trying to retrieve money from the water . ''
So ... where 'd the money come from ?
`` There are many possibilities , '' the police spokesman said . `` But we think it is from a crime . In any normal case , someone would n't throw 100,000 euros in a river . ''
Police are checking for bank robberies in recent years , but the spokesman said this might take a bit of time .
Danube flows through 10 countries
The Danube has its source in Germany . If flows through 10 countries , coursing at its end past Moldova and through Ukraine before emptying into the Black Sea .
The young men who found the money -- one is 20 , the other 22 , police said -- will get 5 % of it for having turned it over to police .
But now they have to hope for two circumstances : that the money was indeed from a crime , so no one approaches police to claim it is theirs , and that the crime goes unsolved , so police have no way of returning it to the rightful owner .
In that case , after a year the two finders -- their names were not released by police -- will get to keep not 5 % of the money , but all of it .
`` Game of Thrones '' season seven began production in early August , and after just a few months of filming we 're already knee-deep in a flood of set leaks .
Though grainy photos and the occasional video captured of the set is commonplace last year a major image of Kit Harington as Jon Snow leaked , as well as footage of the Tower of Joy scene being filmed this year the volume seems to be ramping up .
Last chance to stop reading if you want to avoid spoilers for season seven !
Reports from both Watchers on the Wall and Winter is Coming ( fan news sites with reliable sources in Northern Ireland and Spain main filming locations ) show that Jon Snow and Daenerys Targaryen will meet next season .
While this in itself is hardly surprising the Dragon Queen and King in the North were bound to encounter each other sooner or later it 's the manner in which we are learning about it that has begun to surprise fans .
The `` Game of Thrones '' crew has been filming outdoor scenes in Spain , and so far three full-length videos have been captured showing significant scenes . The first to leak was a tense exchange between Davos Seaworth , Tyrion , two guards , and Gendry . Yes , you read that right . Gendry is back !
The second was a brief scene showing Jon Snow walking down some stone steps to Daenerys Targaryen . Apparently the two will cross paths at Dragonstone , which fans will remember is Stannis Baratheon 's old haunt and the Daenerys ' birthplace .
And then even more recently , video footage leaked that showed Jon Snow arriving to Dragonstone accompanied by Davos . He will be greeted by none other than Tyrion Lannister the first time these two characters will be face to face since the early episodes of season one . Missandei and plenty of Dothraki soldiers will also be on hand .
One photo in particular reveals just how crazy the `` Game of Thrones '' mania has become . A Redditor popped into the `` Game of Thrones '' subreddit to share a picture showing a group of people all with telescopes and gigantic zoom lens cameras standing on a cliff side .
Short of canceling any outdoor filming , it seems like there 's nothing HBO or the `` Game of Thrones '' crew could do to prevent superfans from taking photos or video without permission and sharing them online .
Actress Nathalie Emmanuel ( Missandei ) took to Twitter to express her frustration with the leaks .
It 's really disappointing there are people who are determined to ruin Season 7 for everyone ... # spoilsports Nathalie Emmanuel ( @ missnemmanuel ) October 22 , 2016
So far no comment has been made from the crew , other than Emmanuel 's tweets , about the recent leaks .
When he awarded Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom on Thursday , President Barack Obama joked that the surprise ceremony would give “ the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance . ”
1 . That time Obama made Biden a friendship bracelet
What better way to honor your BFF than with matching friendship bracelets ? In a video urging Americans to register to vote last summer , Obama made “ Barack ” and “ Joe ” bracelets to celebrate their “ BROTUS . ”
The friendship bracelets made another appearance on social media later that summer when Biden wished his “ best friend forever ” and “ brother ” a happy 55th birthday on Twitter .
2 . That time Biden brought Obama birthday cupcakes
Did you really think the celebrating would end at a tweet ? Biden also surprised the president with birthday cupcakes on his big day .
Did Obama wish for his friendship with Biden to last forever when he blew out the candles ? We ’ d like to think so .
3 . That time Obama was delivering a speech and pointed to his bestie in the crowd …
… and of course Biden pointed right back at him — and also threw in a wink .
4 . That time Obama and Biden went jogging around the White House together
They did it to promote First Lady Michelle Obama 's “ Let ’ s Move ” initiative to fight childhood obesity . Anything for love and friendship !
5 . That time Obama revealed just how close he and Biden really are
In what was hailed as one of Obama ’ s best jokes from the 2015 White House Correspondents ’ Dinner , the president raved about those magic “ Joe Biden shoulder massages . ”
“ We ’ ve gotten so close , in some places in Indiana , they won ’ t serve us pizza anymore , ” he added .
6 . That time Obama and Biden high-fived just like any other best buds would
This was after watching Obama ’ s daughter Sasha and Biden ’ s granddaughter Maisy play in a basketball game . The Obama-Biden friendship knows no generational bounds .
7 . That time Biden turned to Obama for fashion advice
In a spoof video about Obama ’ s post-presidency life released last May , he asked Obama to help him choose between two different pairs of shades .
Unfortunately , when it comes to sunglasses , the president doesn ’ t seem to have the same attention to detail as his style-conscious veep .
8 . That time Obama was there for Biden when he needed him most
After Biden ’ s son Beau died of brain cancer at 46 in May 2015 , the president delivered a heartfelt eulogy at his funeral , honoring both father and son .
After finishing the eulogy , the president wrapped Biden in a warm hug .
9 . That time Obama moved Biden to tears by presenting him with the Presidential Medal of Freedom
Obama and Biden were both overcome with emotion on Thursday as Obama paid tribute to his second in command in a surprise ceremony at the White House .
Calling Biden “ the best vice president America has ever had , ” “ a lion of American history ” and a “ brother , ” Obama capped off the ceremony by awarding Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
Biden was moved to tears as he accepted the award and spoke of how Obama stepped in to offer financial help when his late son , Beau , was fighting brain cancer and Biden was considering selling one of the family ’ s homes to pay for treatment .
“ Mr . President , you have crept into our heart , you and your whole family , and you occupy it , ” Biden said , adding , “ I am indebted to you . I am indebted you and your family . ”
10 . That time Obama and Biden ’ s wives teased them over their bromance
As the Obamas prepare to say goodbye to the White House next week , the BROTUS may be ending — but the bromance will live on .
Underground gangs of Chinese 'brushers ' are bombarding British households with cheap goods they did not order in order to boost the prominence of online retailers .
The banned practice , known as brushing , is illegal in China and the fake sales can improve a company 's rankings on online sites such as Alibaba .
Some hack individual users ' accounts to order goods , while people in Britain have been left baffled after simply receiving items without their knowledge .
Many initially fear they have fallen victim to credit card when they received the cheap , often counterfeit goods through their doors .
Melinda Simmons , who received two fake Nike sweatshirts from China , told James Gillespie for the Sunday Times that she found the situation 'mystifying ' .
The gangs take a fee from retailers , send cheap designer goods to British homes , then often leave good reviews on their websites to boost their reputations .
Increasing sales boost their online presence , making the vendor easier to find in the highly competitive world of online retail , leading to more sales .
One agent , Mr Wang , who runs a 'brushing group ' , claims to make more than £1,000-a-month from the business , according to the Wall Street Journal .
The groups are set up online , with low-level members called 'blue horses ' being issued with instructions from 'red horses ' , who take orders from the retailers .
This means that the people who send the parcels do not have direct contact with the retailers , who can increase their reputation ten times faster by using the method .
Brushers , who masquerade as 'promotion companies ' , try and mimic the behaviour of real buyers , comparing prices online and using numerous delivery addresses .
After the purchase , it is common for the brusher to leave a positive review to boost the retailer 's reputation .
But the process is banned in China , and sites such as Alibaba - the country 's biggest ecommerce company - are taking steps to actively combat it .
The company vowed to take action due to hugely inflated sales on promotion days that have aroused international suspicion .
The company 's Taobao site deletes fake sales and positive reviews , and can remove their products from its online search rankings or even shut the vendor 's online store .
It can also issue fines of up to 70,000 yuan and the vendor risks losing their security deposit , which can be anything up to 150,000 yuan .
Serious examples can also lead to criminal convictions .
1 . Australians EAT kangaroos
2 . Always bring a light lunch
3 . How to cross an Australian road
4 . You can travel to the sea on a tram
5 . Shopping needs to be done before 5pm
6 . Do n't ask for Australian food
7 . Be adventurous
8 . Come to the office wearing a smile
Competing in the Olympics is stressful at the best of times - but imagine doing so while having your period .
Fu Yuanhui , one of China 's swimming stars , became an overnight social media sensation thanks to her frank post-race interviews and exaggerated expressions .
Now , she 's become a talking point online again - for breaking a sporting taboo by talking about her period .
China missed out on a medal in the women 's 4x100m medley relay on Sunday , coming fourth .
After the match , team-mates Lu Ying , Shi Jinglin and Zhu Menghui were interviewed by a reporter - but Fu was initially nowhere to be found .
It turns out she was crouched behind a board , doubled over in pain .
When the journalist asked her ( in Chinese ) if she was OK , Fu said : `` I did n't swim well enough this time , '' and apologised to her team-mates .
`` It 's because my period came yesterday , so I felt particularly tired - but this is n't a reason , I still did n't swim well enough . ''
It was a poignant moment for many Chinese viewers , who took to social media to express their support for her .
`` I really admire Fu Yuanhui , for swimming while she was on her period - women can be affected during their periods , especially with period pain ... she felt guilty for coming fourth , but Fu Yuanhui we 're still very proud of you , '' user TAO wrote on Sina Weibo .
Tampons are relatively unknown in China
It 's also sparked a discussion about tampons - which are not widely used in China . According to one industry survey , only 2 % of women in China use tampons -compared to 42 % of US women .
Many women were n't familiar with how to use them , or had not heard of them before , the survey by Cotton Inc said .
`` Someone accused Fu of lying , asking how she could have gone in the water on her period , '' weibo user Dvingnew wrote . `` Chinese people have prejudices about tampons - as a woman over 30 , I 'd been ignorant , and full of fear , about tampons until now too . ''
And there may also be cultural factors at play too - some Chinese women have been told to avoid using tampons because it could stop them from being virgins , despite health experts pointing out that the two things are unrelated .
One poster defending tampons wrote : `` Who told you virgins ca n't use tampons ? Come on , it 's the 21st Century . ''
According to reports , China 's first domestic tampon brand may be launched soon - which may encourage more women to swim while on their periods .
So can menstrual cycles affect sporting performance ?
The subject of competing while menstruating is `` definitely a taboo '' , Georgie Bruinvels , a sports scientist , tells the BBC .
`` A lot of [ elite ] sport coaches are men , and that makes it harder for women , who do n't want to say 'I 'm on my menstrual cycle ' .
`` We need incidents like this to raise the issue '' and encourage more research , she says .
Ms Bruinvels surveyed over 1,800 sportswomen as part of her work as a researcher at the Female Athlete Health Group - a collaborative project between St Mary 's University and University College London .
`` More than half the sportswomen I surveyed said they felt their menstrual cycle affected their performance . ''
While there is not enough research into the impact of periods on sport , Ms Bruinvels says , one potential factor she was researching was iron deficiency .
`` Menstruation is the leading cause of iron deficiency in the developed world , but many women are not aware they have it .
`` There could be an impact on the amount of time you can exercise , and the maximum amount of oxygen '' an athlete can use , and she recommends that sportswomen who feel they 've been affected get their iron levels tested .
A hormone found in chocolate could be the 'mental Viagra ' that helps to get couples in the mood for sex .
Kisspeptin , which is found in chocolate , is the hormone in the brain which kickstarts puberty .
And it may explain something about the behaviour of teenage boys , after scientists found it makes men much more interested in sex and relationships .
Young men injected with the hormone and then given brain scans showed a flurry of activity in the parts of the brain activated by sexual arousal and romance .
It means similar injections could be used to help men to start a family .
Professor Waljit Dhillo , the lead author of the research from Imperial College London , said : 'Our initial findings are novel and exciting as they indicate that kisspeptin plays a role in stimulating some of the emotions and responses that lead to sex and reproduction .
'Ultimately , we are keen to look into whether kisspeptin could be an effective treatment for psychosexual disorders , and potentially help countless couples who struggle to conceive . '
One in 10 men in the UK are believed to have sexual problems , many suffering a lack of libido caused by relationship issues , stress and anxiety .
This can cause problems for couples trying for a child and advised to have regular sex throughout the month .
But kisspeptin is hoped to hold the answer , following a trial involving 29 healthy young men .
Those injected with kisspeptin , discovered in the mid-1990s in Hershey , Pennsylvania , and named after sweets from the city called Hershey 's Chocolate Kisses , reacted differently to sexual and non-sexual romantic pictures of couples .
In an MRI scanner , where their brains were monitored , there was greater activity in the parts of the brain typically activated by sexual arousal and romance than the men given a placebo .
The effect is likely to come from kisspeptin 's role in starting puberty , by stimulating the release of reproductive hormones .
Universities from Chinese mainland have broken into a global top 100 index in an annual ranking for the first time as Harvard retained its No 1 spot for the 14th consecutive year .
China ’ s prestigious Tsinghua University was 58th , beating Peking University in 71st place , in the Academic Ranking of World Universities compiled by Shanghai Ranking Consultancy .
The National University of Singapore also entered the top 100 for the first time , tying for 83rd .
For the top 10 , Stanford maintained second place but MIT dropped from third to fifth , with the University of California at Berkeley and the University of Cambridge each moving up one spot to take third and fourth .
The Shanghai Ranking is consistently largely static at its top levels , and this year nine of the top 20 were in unchanged positions , and another nine moved by only one place .
The biggest change was by Britain ’ s Oxford University , which climbed three spots from 10th to seventh .
Princeton University was sixth again , with another three US institutions – the California Institute of Technology , Columbia University and the University of Chicago in places eight to 10 .
The ranking , which was launched in 2003 , has generated controversy in the past for stressing science over the humanities in its grading .
According to the consultancy ’ s statement the rankings were made using “ objective indicators ” including the number of staff and alumni winning Nobel prizes and Fields medals , and articles published in the journals of “ Nature ” and “ Science ” , according to a statement .
In the Asia-Pacific region , the University of Tokyo was top at number 20 overall .
The Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich was the highest-ranked entry from continental Europe , in 19th place , while the University of Copenhagen in Denmark – which came 31st – overtook France ’ s Pierre and Marie Curie University ( 39th ) as mainland Europe ’ s next best , the statement said .
After actors and actresses win Oscars , television viewers typically look forward to their acceptance speeches , and this year they will be delivered by some of the more than 200 nominees who will attend the 88th Academy Awards ceremony at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood , California , Sunday . Discover some fun facts about what performers have said after they were awarded the famous gold-plated statuettes in the past .
1 . The oldest person to give an acceptance speech . Christopher Plummer . At the age of 82 , Plummer received the Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his work in “ Beginners ” ( 2010 ) . He starred in the film opposite Ewan McGregor .
2 . The youngest person to give an acceptance speech . Tatum O ’ Neal . The actress took home the Best Supporting Actress Academy Award for her role in “ Paper Moon ” ( 1973 ) . She was just 10 years old .
3 . The shortest acceptance speech . Joe Pesci famously uttered five words when he won the Best Supporting Actor Oscar for “ Goodfellas ” ( 1990 ) . But he ’ s not the only celebrity enamored of brevity . Another of few words was Alfred Hitchcock when he was presented with the Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award in 1968 . The same year , Patty Duke simply said , “ Thank you , ” when she won the Best Supporting Actress Academy Award for “ The Miracle Worker . ”
4 . Liza Minnelli has a special place among the winners . She is the first ( and only ) star who won an Oscar after both her parents also took home Academy Awards . Minelli won a Best Actress for “ Cabaret ” ( 1972 ) ; her mother , Judy Garland , received an honorary award in 1939 ; and her father , Vincente Minnelli , won as Best Director for “ Gigi ” ( 1958 ) .
5 . The first person to thank her mother . Greer Garson was honored with the Best Actress Oscar for “ Mrs . Miniver ” ( 1942 ) .
6 . The first person to thank his father . Ernest Borgnine was honored with the Best Actor Academy Award for “ Marty ” ( 1955 ) .
7 . Robert De Niro thanked his grandmother and grandfather . He also expressed his gratitude to his mother and father when he accepted the Best Actor Oscar for “ Raging Bull ” ( 1980 ) .
8 . Halle Berry arguably gave one of the most memorable acceptance speeches . When Berry became the first black woman honored with the Best Actress Academy Award for “ Monster ’ s Ball ” ( 2001 ) , she acknowledged other black women for helping to make her win possible , saying : “ This moment is so much bigger than me . This is for every nameless , faceless woman of color who now has a chance tonight because this door has been opened . ”
Bonus : Nameplates are created for all potential winners ahead of time , which means more than 200 are made most years .
Game Of Thrones had a record-breaking night at the Emmys , where the stars of The People v OJ Simpson : American Crime Story were honoured with a host of acting awards .
The Sky Atlantic fantasy was named best drama series and picked up gongs for outstanding writing and directing to become the most-awarded narrative show in Emmy history .
The show , based on George RR Martin 's novels , took its tally to 38 Emmy wins , beating Frasier 's record of 37 .
The People v OJ Simpson : American Crime Story , the television drama based on the murder trial of OJ Simpson , was named outstanding limited series , while Sarah Paulson , Courtney B Vance and Sterling K Brown won awards for their roles in the show .
There was also British success at the ceremony in Los Angeles , with Emmys for Dame Maggie Smith , comedian John Oliver and BBC drama Sherlock .
Dame Maggie , who did not attend the show , was named best supporting actress in a drama series for her role in Downton Abbey , while Oliver 's Last Week Tonight won outstanding variety talk show .
Sherlock The Abominable Bride received the television movie award , with writer Steven Moffat referring on stage to The Great British Bake Off 's move from the BBC to Channel Four .
Julia Louis-Dreyfus paid a heartfelt tribute to her father who died on Friday as she won an Emmy for her role in the political satire Veep , which was named best comedy series .
It is the fifth time in a row Louis-Dreyfus has won the award for her role in the US version of BBC comedy The Thick Of It .
Jeffrey Tambor won best lead actor in a comedy series for his role in the Amazon series Transparent and urged the television industry to provide more opportunities for transgender actors .
Brown , who played prosecutor Christopher Darden in The People v OJ Simpson , beat his co-stars John Travolta and David Schwimmer to win best supporting actor in a limited series or movie .
Meanwhile , Courtney B Vance was named outstanding actor in a limited series for his portrayal of defence lawyer Johnnie Cochrane , beating co-star Cuba Gooding Jr who played OJ Simpson .
Tom Hiddleston , who starred in The Night Manager , presented the award for outstanding directing in a limited series or movie to the show 's director Susanne Bier .
The 68th Emmy Awards , hosted by comedian Jimmy Kimmel , took place at the Microsoft Theatre in Los Angeles .
According to conventional wisdom the line between genius and madness is a very thin one . Now a study suggests the line may be even more blurred than previously thought .
The study , conducted by psychologists at De La Salle University in Manila , found creative people are indeed flawed .
According to the research led by Adrianne John Galang they are more likely to display antisocial traits such as dishonesty and risk taking .
Huffington Post reported that 503 participants were asked to fill out a questionnaire which could pick up individuals with psychopathic and narcissistic tendencies . A second study looked for indications of disinhibition , boldness and meanness among 250 college students .
The third study , involving 93 participants , tracked levels of excitement during gambling exercises from the amount of electricity conducted by their skin .
According to the results , which were published in Personality and Individual Differences journal , psycopathic boldness is integral to some creative personalities .
Creative people were found to show more psychopathic traits , such as boldness , the researchers concluded .
“ Generally then , a creative field might not just shape a person into a more arrogant or dishonest personality , it might be actively selecting them , not for the sake of having disagreeable traits , but because such traits meaningfully co-vary with creativity itself . ”
The authorities in Beijing have set up a hotline for residents to report anyone flouting a new smoking ban , it 's reported .
In June , rules come into force which prohibit smoking in all the capital 's indoor public spaces , workplaces and on public transport . Perhaps mindful of the fact that previous bans have been widely ignored , officials now want the public to get involved and use the hotline to inform them of any violations , Beijing News daily says . Reports to the hotline will be investigated by the city 's health authorities .
Anyone breaking the rules will face a fine ranging from 200 yuan ( $ 30 ) for individuals to 100,000 yuan ( $ 16,000 ) for businesses . But repeat offenders will also see their names appear on a government website for month , alongside a list of their offences , the paper says . As well as the hotline , Beijing 's city government has recommended hand gestures that can be used to ask people to stop smoking . The signals convey the phrases `` please stop '' , `` I do mind '' and `` do n't '' .
There are more than 300 million smokers inChina- nearly a third of all the smokers in the world . According to the World Health Organization , about one million people die from smoking-related diseases each year , and 100,000 deaths are a result of passive smoking . While the new smoking ban currently only applies to the capital , the government recently announced a range of nationwide measures to try to curb the population 's smoking habits . It has raised tobacco tax from 5 % to 11 % , and restrictions on advertising will come into force in September .
The Vampire Diaries has come to an end - The CW hit just aired the final episode of its eight-season run - but that does n't mean the story is over .
Co-creator Julie Plec tells The Hollywood Reporter that she already has an idea for another TVD spinoff .
Friday 's series finale alluded to `` another story '' for character Caroline Forbes ( Candice King ) , who ends up opening a school for supernatural children like her own - funded by none other than her former love , Klaus ( Joseph Morgan ) . While the duo will not interact on the upcoming season of The Originals , they potentially could in the future .
`` Obviously our timelines did not match up , so Caroline and Klaus are not coming face-to-face in this season . That being said , we do have crossover elements in the upcoming season of The Originals that 's about to start airing , and it all brings it back to what I see as a future for either The Originals or another piece of the franchise to launch off of the end of The Originals . So I look forward to being able to play around in that sandbox and see if I can make something of it , '' says Plec .
While Plec is n't actively working on the spinoff , she does plan to start after she takes a break . `` There 's a lot of different things floating around in my head , '' she tells THR , `` and the first thing I 'm going to do is not write and take a vacation . And then , when I come back on the other side of that , I 'm going to go back to work . ''
The CW president Mark Pedowitz told THR this week that the fate of The Originals is not tied to TVD , so the show could potentially continue beyond the upcoming season . `` Look , the show stands on its own . We have not premiered it yet ; it 's a week away , '' he said . `` This will be a decision we make in the May scheduling . But I hope to be able to announce at the May upfront that it 's returning . That 's my hope . ''
As for the second spinoff , he added , `` Julie and I have only had casual discussions about it . I actually guessed what her plans were in one of our casual discussions . I saw them coming . I think that is a discussion that we can have as we go into development . I think she had it set up the right way . ''
To clarify : He 's not ruling anything out .
Can you imagine giant pandas baa like sheep to say `` I love you '' and warble a cheerful `` I do '' when wooed by a suitor , and bark like a dog when they are furious ?
Researchers there have decoded 13 different kinds of giant panda vocalizations in a surprising new insight into the private life of the reclusive creatures .
The China Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda has been working on a panda linguistics project since 2010 . Scientists first made recordings of pandas at the center , vocalizations between cubs and adults in various situations , such as when they were eating , mating , nursing , fighting and so on , said Zhang Hemin , head of the center . Then they collected a large amount of data on pandas ' voices and activities , and analyzed the voiceprints . `` We managed to decode some panda language and the results are quite interesting , '' Zhang said .
Panda cubs can barely vocalize at all except to say things like `` Gee-Gee '' ( I 'm hungry ) , `` Wow-Wow '' ( Not happy ! ) or `` Coo-Coo '' ( Nice ! ) .
`` Adult giant pandas usually are solitary , so the only language teacher they have is their own mother , '' the researcher said . When they grow a little , cubs learn how to express themselves by roaring , barking , shouting , squeaking , bleating and chirping .
`` If a panda mother keeps tweeting like a bird , she may be anxious about her babies . She barks loudly when a stranger comes near , '' Zhang said . The barking can be interpreted as `` getting out of my place '' , according to the researcher . Pandas can be as gentle as a lamb when they are `` in love '' . Male pandas baa all the time when they are wooing their lovers . The females respond with constant tweeting if they feel the same .
`` Trust me . Our researchers were so confused when we began the project that they wondered if they were studying a panda , a bird , a dog , or a sheep , '' Zhang said .
The center plans to continue the study and is looking forward to the creation of a panda translator that could use high-tech voice recognition technology . `` If we can understand their language , it will help us protect the animal , especially in the wild , '' he said .
Forget about traditional burials or cremation the sky 's literally the limit when it comes to what people are choosing to do with their remains after they die .
More and more people are requesting exotic options including being turned into fireworks , diamonds , snow globes and even vinyl records .
According to View Legal director Matthew Burgess the requests for unconventional body disposal options are surging .
'There is a significant and growing interest in alternative disposal approaches , ' Mr Burgess told news.com.au .
The new trends are relating to big bucks for a number of businesses who specialise in the 'body disposal ' business .
Heart In Diamond who create 'stunningly beautiful diamonds from your loved one 's hair or ashes ' offer their services from $ 3,100 for a budget 0.10 carat yellow - orange diamond with prices exceeding $ 30,000 for their one carat plus diamonds .
Another method becoming more popular is cryonic freezing which was made famous in 1967 when Dr. James Bedford , a psych professor at the University of California became the first person to ever be cryonically preserved .
The estimated cost for people to become frozen will be an estimated $ 90,000 per person .
Mr Burgess said there are up to five requests a year for people to be turned into snow globes post-death . Vinyl records are a popular request among departing baby boomers .
Another company , Ashes to Ashes , specialises in making fireworks to spread the ashes of loved ones .
But there are many more ways the human body can be laid to rest including mummification and being taken out to sea .
Hunter S Thompson 's ashes were reportedly 'shot out of a cannon ' ; Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards who claimed to have 'snorted ' his father 's ashes ; and rap artist Tupac Shakur 's former Outlawz band members revealed they smoked his ashes after the funeral .
Nasa might be famous for sending rockets up to space quickly . But it could be making your next holiday come more quickly , too .
The space agency is working on a new plane , dubbed Concorde 2 by some people , that could solve the problems of super-sonic flight and vastly increase the speed of journeys abroad .
If successful , the plane would be able to fly between New York and London in just three hours . And it would halve the time spent flying other journeys , since it could be used more broadly .
Until now , the problem with such planes has been the sonic boom , made famous by the original Concorde . That happens when a plane reaches supersonic speeds .
It is a thunderous noise that upsets people on the ground – disturbing livestock and even causing physical problems to materials and houses underneath . It was irritation with that effect that led Congress to ban such planes from being used over US land , a decision that in turn was partly responsible for Concorde failing to be commercially viable and getting mothballed .
The space agency has successfully tried out the technology in wind tunnels , and now believes that it could be put to commercial use . It now wants to test that out by having commercial companies build a version of the plane that could be put to use .
That plane will fly as high as 55,000 feet – far higher than normal planes – and make a sound of only 60 decibels . That 's far less than the 90 decibels thrown out by Concorde , and is roughly in line with a car on the motorway or a busy restaurant .
“ Now you 're getting down to that level where , as far as approval from the general public , it would probably be something that 's acceptable , ” said Peter Coen , project manager for NASA 's commercial supersonic research team , in a new Bloomberg report .
If that allows the team to get approval , it hopes to have full-sized versions of the planes to try out by 2022 .
“ In today ’ s job market , your resume needs to immediately stand out , ” says Dawn Bugni , a professional resume writer in Wilmington , N.C . Attention spans are at an all-time short , with hiring managers spending just six seconds looking at a resume before deciding whether the applicant is worth further consideration , a recent study by TheLadders found . ( That ’ s if a human looks at it at all ; before your application even reaches a hiring manager , it usually has to make it past an automated applicant tracking system . )
As hiring continues to increase , job seekers will face stiff competition this year . Follow the tips below to make your resume shine in 2016 .
1 . Enhance your contact information .
2 . Make the page “ pop . ”
Depending on the industry , you can distinguish your resume by punching up the design , but exercise caution : a graphic artist , for example , has more creative leeway than an accountant . Enelow ’ s co-author Louise Kursmark recommends using color to make your resume unique . To stay professional , consider making only section headers blue , for example , and leaving the rest in black , Kursmark suggests . And replace the outdated Times New Roman with a more modern font such as Cambria , Calibri , or Georgia , Enelow says . ( As standard typefaces , they translate well between operating systems . )
3 . Ditch the objective statement…
Today ’ s hiring managers aren ’ t concerned with what is it you ’ re looking for—they ’ re focused on finding the right hire . Thus , “ the objective statement has become obsolete , ” says Tiffani Murray , an HR professional and resume writer at Atlanta-based Personality On a Page . …and lead with a summary . To capture the hiring manager ’ s attention , start your resume with a short professional synopsis that states your years of experience , job history , and big career achievements . Instead of labeling the section a “ summary , ” use the header to highlight your area of expertise , says Enelow .
4 . Guide the reader ’ s eye .
The Internet has changed reading behavior , says Kursmark : “ People don ’ t read top to bottom anymore . They ’ re constantly skimming and looking at different parts of the page , and if you don ’ t structure your resume to appeal to that , a lot of good material will get overlooked. ” Therefore , use bolded text to ensure your achievements stand out .
5 . Beat the robots .
Many medium and large companies use software to weed out candidates . Your resume will need the right keywords to get through , so mirror the language of the job posting , advises Bugni , and pay attention to detail . “ Changing something as simple as ‘ customer service ’ to ‘ client relations ’ can get your resume approved or rejected , ” she says .
6 . Forgo a “ skills ” section .
Weave your talents into your work experience . “ Employers are looking for more than a list of skills , ” says Murray . “ They want to know how you ’ ve applied them. ” The exception : It ’ s beneficial to have a designated section when applying for a skills-based job that requires specific qualifications , such as an IT specialist .
7 . Maximize your real estate .
Despite what you may have heard , you don ’ t necessarily need to limit your resume to one page . “ A resume is as long as it needs to be to convey value . And not one word more , ” says Bugni . That said , a two-page resume may be appropriate for someone with 30 years ’ experience—not for a recent college graduate . To conserve space use bullet points , active verbs , and industry-specific acronyms , and don ’ t state the obvious ( e.g. , including “ references available upon request ” ) .
From helping to relieve backache to regulating temperatures between the sheets and helping to prevent snoring , mattresses have become seriously high-tech these days .
Now they can even help detect if a partner is cheating .
Costing £1,200 , the Spanish-designed ‘ smartress ’ allows mistrusting spouses who are away from home to check their smartphones to find out if the mattress is in use and how many people are on it .
The high-tech bed , which can be purchased with ‘ upmost confidentiality ’ and comes with a five year warranty , uses 24 ultrasonic sensors to detect ‘ suspicious activity ’ , alerting the owner via a mobile app .
Its ‘ Lover Detection System ’ generates a 3D map to show which areas are receiving greater pressure and what movement is taking place , all in ‘ real time ’ .
Described by developers as ‘ foolproof ’ , the electronic genius behind the system is said to be undetectable as it is integrated within the mattress ’ s springs .
Jose Antonio Muinos , spokesman for makers Durmet , said : ‘ We came up with the idea after we saw the figures on infidelity that said Spaniards were the most unfaithful in Europe .
‘ It is a concept that will bring peace of mind to men and women , not just during the night but also during the day while they are out at work and the bed should really be being used .
‘ On the outside it is just a normal looking and very comfortable mattress , but inside hides some cutting-edge technology .
‘ We think the mattress will do well internationally because it is the only one in the world that uses this technology and is designed specifically for the objective of catching cheating partners . ’
According to extramarital affairs website Ashley Madison , Madrid has the highest rate of cheating spouses , closely followed by London .
The ‘ smartress ’ is not the first tool designed to catch lovecheats . The app mCouple was launched last year , which enables users to track almost every detail of their partner ’ s life .
Users are given access to every phone call , text and email , and any activity on Skype or Facebook , as well as pictures and videos taken on their mobile .
People can even record their partner ’ s mobile phone conversations – and track their movements using GPS technology .
The app was created by London-based firm mSpy , which stressed that users must gain consent before downloading the device on to their partner ’ s phone .
A similar app , Couple Tracker , costs just 79p and sells itself as ‘ the best affair and cheating prevention and detection mobile application ’ .
With more than five million downloads , the app includes GPS-tracking every half hour , full call history and a statistical overview of everyone commenting and liking their partner ’ s Facebook posts .
The ‘ smartress ’ is also not the first mattress with special in-built technology . Last month British designers created the Balluga bed .
The vibrating smart bed is made up of air-filled balls , covered in foam , and can tilt to relieve blocked airways and reduce snoring .
Pigeons and pollution are both common blights in cities around the world , but a group of engineers in London are hoping the birds can help them tackle problems with air quality .
A technology company has revealed it is strapping pollution-monitoring backpacks onto ten pigeons in London to monitor air pollution over the next three days .
On Monday , the flock , nicknamed the Pigeon Air Patrol , were set loose from a rooftop in Brick Lane by pigeon fancier , Brian Woodhouse .
For three days , Londoners will be able to get live updates of the pollution where they are by tweeting their location to @ PigeonAir .
Data from three of the pigeons , called Coco , Julius and Norbert , will then be used to instantly reply , telling them about the level of pollution in their area .
A live map is also being updated as the pigeons fly around , detailing the levels of pollution in different areas of the capital .
'Air pollution is n't sexy and people do n't engage with it , ' said Pierre Duquesnoy , creative director at DigitasLBi , who had the original idea .
'So the heart of our idea was to make air pollution more accessible and relevant to people .
'The Pigeon Air Patrol is a perfect example of how data combined with creative storytelling can raise awareness of a serious health and environmental issue . '
To develop the idea Mr Duquesnoy worked with Plume Labs , a technology company that helps consumers track and reduce their exposure to air pollution .
'Air pollution is a huge environmental health issue , killing 10,000 people every year in London alone , ' said Romain Lacombe , chief executive office of Plume Labs .
'Putting air sensors on the back of pigeons goes beyond raising awareness of this problem and helps Londoners understand the impact of pollution in an accessible , tangible and immediate way . '
The pigeons used in the study are racing pigeons , who usually live four times longer than street pigeons because they 're so well cared for .
The flock even has their own vet to double check they 're always in peak health .
The high-tech backpacks they wear to monitor pollution are tiny and light as a feather .
The campaign only runs for three days , after which the birds will be able to return to their normal life .
The company hope the campaign will encourage Londoners to join the Air Patrol , by becoming beta testers for a wearable version of Plume Labs ' air pollution measuring device .
‘ We ’ re looking for 100 people to beta test our new pollution sensor , in partnership with Imperial College London , ’ the website says .
‘ If you ’ re a cyclist , runner , or pram pusher , who ’ d like to know what you ’ re breathing and how to beat pollution , join our programme testing a wearable version of our air pollution device . ’
Adele has opened up about her battle with postnatal depression after the birth of her son , Angelo .
The singer told Vanity Fair magazine that she felt , at the time , like she had made `` the worst decision '' of her life .
The 28-year old goes on to say that she `` loves her son more than anything '' but admits she really struggled adjusting to motherhood .
`` I was obsessed with my child . I felt very inadequate , '' she says .
Angelo is now four and Adele 's only child with partner Simon Konecki .
She goes on to say that taking an afternoon a week to herself improved the situation .
The interview comes as Adele reaches the end of her 10-month tour to mark her album 25 . She admits she still feels uncomfortable spending time away from her son .
`` I 'm enjoying touring , but at times I feel guilty because I 'm doing this massive tour , and even though my son is with me all the time , on certain nights I ca n't put him to bed .
`` I never feel guilty when I 'm not working , '' she adds .
`` You 're constantly trying to make up for stuff when you 're a mum . I do n't mind , because of the love I feel for him . ''
The singer also spoke of how her stage fright is so bad that she may never tour again .
`` I 'd still like to make records , but I 'd be fine if I never heard [ the applause ] again . I 'm on tour simply to see everyone who 's been so supportive . ''
Looking ahead to new material Adele reveals that she thinks she `` will never write songs as good as the ones that are on 21 '' .
She says the success of tracks like Someone Like You were largely down to drinking two bottles of wine a night and chain-smoking on a regular basis .
`` A drunk tongue is an honest one , '' she said . `` I 'm not as indulgent as I was then , and I do n't have time to fall apart like I did then . ''
Antonio Guterres , United Nations Secretary-General :
The China-proposed Belt and Road Initiative ( BRI ) can be a very important instrument to meet the UN 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development .
So I 'm expecting to participate in the discussion to see how we can extract the maximum possible value of the Belt and Road Initiative for global inclusive and sustainable development .
Multilateralism is the solution to global problems . And China has been a strong pillar of multilateralism . When we look at BRI , we see a very important contribution to this solidarity in addressing global problems with international cooperation , where China plays a very central role . So I 'm very happy to have the chance to participate in this Belt and Road summit .
We need an initiative of international solidarity to make people believe there 's better globalization , to make people believe there 's free trade that can benefit people overall , to make people believe that it 's possible to not leave anyone behind , and so discussions like the BRI are extremely useful .
Milos Zeman , president of the Czech Republic :
I will attend the forum , and the topic I am most concerned with is the Belt and Road , the world 's largest initiative for infrastructure construction . I am glad to see that the Belt and Road Initiative , which connects China and Europe , also includes the Czech Republic .
Opening more air routes will improve people-to-people exchanges between China and the Czech Republic , while cooperation in the rail sector will involve greater transportation of freight .
Prokopis Pavlopoulos , president of Greece :
This idea ( the Belt and Road Initiative ) is based on the ancient Chinese philosophy , but also on the ancient Silk Road which is characterized by the spirit of peace and of mutual beneficial cooperation . For Greece , the maritime road is of particular interest , given that Piraeus port is the first gateway to the European continent via the new Suez Canal .
Greece , a European country at the crossroads of three continents , has always been throughout its history open to communication and connection between different countries and civilizations . We warmly support this initiative in the context of our strategic partnership with China . And we are ready to creatively cooperate in this direction .
Alexander Lukashenko , president of the Republic of Belarus :
The Republic of Belarus will continue to strengthen its ties with China , as the country 's Belt and Road Initiative is providing a new economic growth point for the world .
The most important feature of the Belt and Road is that during its development , China has never raised any requirements to participating countries , thus creating no disagreements .
Once we do n't have any disagreements , we will have better and smoother cooperation . China knows this very much , therefore I have to say Chinese is a wise people .
Lars Loekke Rasmussen , prime minister of Denmark :
The Belt and Road Initiative is indeed a very interesting foreign policy strategy . Further connecting Europe and Asia firmly through trade and bilateral cooperation can hopefully be a future dynamo for growth and prosperity for both continents .
I hope the Belt and Road Initiative could provide economic stability and development for Central and South Asia –gateways between East Asia and Europe . This will be crucial for trade between the two biggest concentrations of economic power .
Maleeha Lodhi , Pakistan 's permanent representative to the United Nations :
Pakistan 's participation in the Belt and Road Initiative will help the nation achieve balanced development across all its provinces and bring about economic stability .
The Belt and Road projects will benefit the people of Pakistan directly because Chinese investments will go to areas critical to Pakistan 's infrastructure .
So really , this project is about the economic welfare of the Pakistan people , on mutually beneficial terms , because China gains , Pakistan gains - it 's a win-win .
Tarek Kabil , Trade and Industry minister of Egypt :
The future of economic relations between Egypt and China under the Belt and Road Initiative is promising and we urge further Chinese investments in Egypt to fasten the pace of Egyptian-Chinese economic integration .
I believe that the B & amp ; R Initiative is great and China can surely make it a success . In order to ensure the success of the initiative , there should be agreement and coordination among all B & amp ; R states to complete the relevant infrastructures and also the initiative should provide win-win situations and mutual interests for all related parties .
Penny Wong , the Australian Opposition 's foreign affairs spokesperson :
As trade is increasingly treated with disdain and protectionism rises , we must find better ways to work with ( India and China ) to ensure open trading systems remain in place so new technologies , automation and artificial intelligence benefit our citizens .
China 's Belt and Road Initiative provides valuable opportunities for bilateral and multilateral cooperation . These have to be realized case by case to ensure mutual benefits are delivered . Buzzwords such as agility and innovation are meaningless unless we put substance behind them .
The Belt and Road Initiative brings exciting opportunities for Australian businesses , and the government should not hesitate embracing the initiative as it did with the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank .
Lattanamany Khounnyvong , vice minister of public works and transport of Laos :
Laos strongly supports China-proposed Belt and Road Initiative and the initiative has been producing tangible benefits for the country .
The China-Laos railway which commenced construction on Dec. 25 , 2016 , has been listed as the most important project in the Eighth National Socio-Economic Development Plan 2016-2020 of Laos .
Once completed , the railway will help facilitate people-to-people exchanges , reduce traveling time and costs ... the railway will also help promote agricultural production in Laos , increase income , attract more foreign investment and provide more employment opportunities .
Berhane Gebre-Christos , special envoy of the Ethiopian prime minister :
The Belt and Road Initiative is a golden opportunity to bring about regional integration and sustainable economic growth for Africa .
The initiative is a project that will affect millions of people , and it will be one of the most important issues of the 21st century . The comprehensive approach of China means that the aspirations and development strategies of all countries involved will be considered and included in the initiative .
Fans preparing for an international friendly between Romania and Spain may have needed their calculators handy .
In an effort to combat Romania 's poor school dropout rate and boost children 's interest in math , the country 's football federation has kickstarted a novel initiative - having players swap their standard kit numbers for mathematical equations .
The recently devised concept for the squad numbers , printed on the back of training tops ahead of the clash against La Roja , was reinforced by a video shown at the Cluj Arena describing the measure .
The answer to the sum on the back of each player 's shirt reveals their squad number .
`` Football and mathematics are not mutually exclusive , '' said Romandian Football Federation president Razvan Burleanu . `` We must look at sports and education as not only complementary but fundamental elements integrated in the training and perfection of children . ''
The friendly ended 0-0 , which was part of their preparations for Euro 2016 , where they face France , Switzerland and Albania in Group A .
European cities are most popular for prospective British solo travellers , according to a new top 10 list of destinations .
Seven different European destinations were featured on the list . Barcelona came top , followed by Venice and New York .
Sydney is the most far flung destination while , closer to home , holidaymakers picked Dublin .
The list was compiled from the results of a survey conducted in October of 10,000 Brits over the age of 50 by Staysure .
It revealed that Barcelona was favoured because it combined a city and beach break .
Travellers also enjoyed its rich culture and heritage .
The Venetian waterways and the Empire State Building in New York also made them top attractions for solo travellers .
The survey showed that solo travel is on the up .
Of those who responded , around a third had taken a trip on their own in the past year and 23 percent were planning to do it again .
For those who have never travelled alone , 17 percent were happy to give it a go .
The survey also revealed the benefits and fears of travelling alone .
29 percent of people said that they were prompted to travel alone because they enjoyed their own company .
However , a significant number of people also chose solo travel because they did n't have a partner or were widowed .
16 percent of people felt that going to a destination by themselves could be a great opportunity to make new friends .
But there are worries about solo travel .
Cost was the biggest concern as travellers were worried about paying a singles supplement , despite the fact that money-saving was also one of the reason why people chose to go away on their own .
However , holidaymakers also did n't want to eat alone and worry about their belongings on the beach or by the pool .
TOP 10 DESTINATION FOR SOLO TRAVELLERS :
They are the new favourite toy of the rich and famous , but it seems the likes of Lauren Goodger , Brooklyn Beckham and Rochelle Humes will no longer be able to use one to glide along the street .
That ’ s because prosecutors have revealed that futuristic 'hoverboards ' - also known as self-balancing scooters - are illegal to ride on public roads or pavements in Britain .
The £400 vehicles , which feature a platform with a wheel on each side , can only be used on private property because they are too dangerous to ride in public , the Crown Prosecution Service says .
The scooters , which are also known as ‘ segways ’ , have become increasingly popular with actors and footballers over the past year - with many stars seen riding them both in public and at home .
The CPS guidance was originally issued for Segways , which include a handlebar and are also not permitted on roads - but the Metropolitan Police said that it also covers hoverboards .
It is an offence under section 72 of the Highway Act 1835 to ride them on the pavement in England and Wales - and , north of the border , under section 129 ( 5 ) of the Roads ( Scotland ) Act 1984 .
Meanwhile it is also illegal to ride them on a public road because they are not approved by the European or British test schemes for road-legal vehicles .
CPS guidance states : ‘ You can only ride an unregistered self-balancing scooter on land which is private property and with the landowner 's permission .
'The Department for Transport would advise that appropriate safety clothing should be worn at all times . ’
Simon Benson , from hoverboard distributor Ghetto Gadgets , claimed that the legal clarification could boost the vehicles ' profile and lead to them becoming even more popular .
'Clearly customers need to take advice , but millennials are not going to take kindly to the authorities using a law that pre-dates the penny-farthing to tell them what they can or can ’ t do on the streets of Britain . '
The boards are also becoming massively popular in the US , with hundreds of different products now available in response to huge demand following their use by the likes of actor Jamie Foxx and singer Justin Bieber .
American stars such as Kendall Jenner are being sent free samples of the boards by companies scrambling for market share and using celebrity endorsement to raise awareness of their products in a crowded marketplace .
The 19-year-old model posted on Instagram about how she was using the PhunkeeDuck board , and it got more than one million likes - sending demand through the roof .
There has also been a dispute between makers of the IO Hawk and PhunkeeDuck hoverboards over who invented the vehicle in the first place .
Last month Wal-Mart announced that it would be stocking the vehicle from November , saying that it expects it to be a big seller for Christmas .
The law on using hoverboards in the US is not entirely clear , but 45 states are said to permit 'electric personal assistive mobility devices ' - including Segways - on public rights of way .
Among the other products companies are using in an attempt to corner the market are the Hovertrax , Cyboard and Future Foot .
The CPS advice comes after a teenager was beaten in the face and robbed by four men for his £300 hoverboard in Enfield , north London - the first case of its kind in the capital .
Police said the 18-year-old victim was riding the hoverboard when a car stopped in front of him and the gang surrounded him , before one of the attackers hit him and stole the vehicle .
USrapper Wiz Khalifa , whose real name is Cameron Jibril Thomaz , was handcuffed by customs officials in August after refusing to get off his hoverboard at Los Angeles Airport in California .
Would you like to know if your child is set to stand head and shoulders above the rest ? Or if they 're likely to stay diminutive into adulthood ?
There is an easy ( although fallible ) mathematical equation that can help you predict how tall your child will be .
The formula , which has been used since the 1970s and was revealed in the New York Times , predicts that 'most ( but not all ) children will reach a height somewhere within a fairly small range that can be estimated by the average combined heights of their parents . '
How does it work ?
BOYS
Add the heights of both parents plus 5in ( 13cm ) and divide by two .
GIRLS
Add the heights of both parents minus 5in ( 13cm ) and divide by two .
There is a more complicated formula for extreme differences in parental height .
These predictions are by no means completely reliable , however , as environmental factors such as nutrition play a big part in determining human height .
Genetics is estimated to account for between 60 and 80 per cent of one 's final height .
A study of 8,798 pairs of Finnish twins conducted in 2000 found that genetics accounted for 78 per cent of height in adult men and around 75 per cent in women .
However , as we all know not all children born to the same couple will be the same height .
Science shows that height tends to decrease in younger siblings .
Another popular method for predicting height is to double a boy 's height at age two or a girl 's height at 18 months .
Most children will reach an adult height within 4in ( 10cm ) of this estimation .
In many places , if you leave the house without your wallet , you 'll be in a tough spot all day . No way to pay for food , transportation or any of life 's other necessities .
But in China 's largest cities , you can definitely survive without carrying a pocket full of cash and credit cards -- as long as you 've got your smartphone .
When I lived in the United States , I did n't pay cash very often but I always carried my credit or debit cards . I wrote checks for my rent and paid most of my bills online .
China 's fast-developing mobile commerce industry is estimated to dwarf that of the US . so I set out to see how far a phone would get me in the country 's capital .
Admittedly , I was a bit skeptical about going an entire day Beijing without my wallet , but I was surprised to discover just how easy and convenient it is .
I pay for breakfast by scanning a QR code on the window of a hole-in-the-wall restaurant that sells jianbing , a delicious fried crepe that 's one of China 's most popular street breakfasts . My purchase costs 6 yuan ( about 93 cents ) and takes just a few seconds . All I have to do is input a password and the transaction is complete .
At a nearby coffee shop , the barista scans a QR code on CNN news assistant Shen Lu 's phone .
As we sip our coffee , Shen Lu pays her household water bill at the table . In seconds , she is able to transfer funds from one of several linked accounts . She regularly uses the same simple process to pay other bills and even her rent .
In Beijing , I can also pay by phone for movie tickets , takeout food and to shop for goods for delivery .
I use my phone to hail a taxi so I can meet Gu Yu , co-founder of a new payment app , Mileslife . Ride sharing using a mobile payment app allows us to save money by ordering multiple taxi stops and splitting the fare at the end .
Gu says many urban Chinese do n't even bother with credit cards because they prefer to pay by phone .
`` It 's what I 'd call a late development advantage . China does n't have a really lucrative credit card system , '' he says . `` So Chinese just skipped credit cards and went to mobile payments . ''
As we ride around Beijing , Gu points out the advantages of mobile payments . No coins or crumpled bills that can be lost or stolen , electronic receipts , the ease of keeping track of spending -- and of course , no bulky wallet .
After arriving at our destination in Beijing 's trendy Sanlitun area , we eat lunch and split the check -- also using our phones .
From tiny street vendors to large chains , a huge number of businesses in Beijing accept mobile payments , mostly through popular apps Alipay and WeChat .
Hundreds of millions of Chinese use Alipay and WeChat to make payments with their phones , and the market is growing fast .
Research firm eMarketer has estimated retail sales on mobile devices in China rose 85 % to around $ 334 billion in 2015 . That makes the Chinese market more than four times the size of the US one , the firm says .
The next frontier for the industry is expansion beyond big Chinese cities .
Much of rural China still relies on cash . Despite China 's slowing economy , the huge untapped population of hundreds of millions of people represents a big opportunity for mobile payment companies .
Despite the fact the Queen is currently alive and well , a meticulous plan has already been laid out for her death .
A code word has already been decided upon to deliver the news of her passing to the highest tiers of government .
While the death of George VI was signalled by the words “ Hyde Park Corner ” - to stop switchboard operators at Buckingham Palace learning the news - the equivalent word for Queen Elizabeth II is “ London Bridge is down ” .
According to The Guardian , the Prime Minister at the time will be woken , if not already awake , and informed by civil servants that “ London Bridge is down ” .
These words will signify the monarch has passed away and kick off Operation London Bridge – a highly-organised set of arrangements which will eventually culminate in the Queen ’ s funeral .
The Foreign Office ’ s Global Response Centre , located at an undisclosed location in London , will then immediately inform 15 governments outside the UK where the Queen is also the head of state . After this , the centre will pass on the news to the 36 other nations of the Commonwealth for whom the Queen has served as a symbolic figurehead for many decades .
It will not be long before the news spreads from world leaders to the general public , with the news of her passing released as a newsflash to the Press Association and thus the global media simultaneously .
This marks a break from the long-held tradition of the BBC being the first news outlet to learn of royal deaths . What ’ s more , while George VI ’ s death was not announced until four hours after he died , news of the Queen ’ s demise will be far more instant .
A footman in mourning clothes will be sent out of the door at Buckingham Palace at the same time to pin a notice of the news to the gates , while the official palace website will feature just one page , revealing the news on a dark background .
Coverage of the Queen 's passing will kick off immediately . Newspapers and online media outlets already have news stories about her death and lengthy obituaries and supplements ready to publish at a moment 's notice . At the BBC , the “ radio alert transmission system ” will be activated and rehearsals for the Queen ’ s death will be put into action .
Sky News and ITN , which have reportedly spent years rehearsing the death of the Queen by substituting the monarch 's name for “ Mrs Robinson ” , will contact royal experts who have already signed contracts to speak exclusively to them .
British commercial radio stations will switch on blue “ obit lights ” to alert DJs to switch to the news imminently and play inoffensive music in the lead-up .
In turn , carefully prepared coverage of the longest-reigning monarch , who recently announced she would step down as patron of a number of organisations and charities before her 91st birthday in April , will dominate the news for weeks and months .
Buckingham Palace declined to comment on the matter .
Finance bosses have agreed to hire more female executives -- or face cuts to their pay .
Among other commitments , they agreed to link the bonuses of their senior executive teams to the appointment of women to leadership positions .
The companies include big UK banks like Barclays ( BCLYF ) and HSBC ( HSBC ) , as well as Deutsche Bank ( DB ) , Morgan Stanley ( MS ) and BlackRock ( BLK ) .
Together , the 72 firms employ over 500,000 people across the UK .
The firms agreed to set internal targets for gender diversity in their senior management , publish progress reports every year , and appoint a senior executive responsible for gender diversity and inclusion .
`` A growing number of chief executives and boards within the sector are taking the issue seriously and recognize the strong link between greater gender balance and improved productivity and performance , '' said Jayne-Anne Gadhia , the chief executive of Virgin Money .
Gadhia was in charge of a government-backed review into the representation of women in financial services in the UK . She found that while almost a quarter of board members in UK financial services are female , only 14 % of executive committees positions are held by women .
Around 60 % of the financial services industry 's 2 million employees are women . But they occupy only 25 % of middle management positions and 19 % of senior level positions .
The review showed that big banks had the highest proportion of women in leading positions , while hedge funds and private equity funds trailed at the bottom .
In a separate move , London 's new mayor Sadiq Khan has ordered London 's transport , police and fire departments to produce gender pay audits and draw up plans on how to close the gaps .
Big British companies are already being required to come clean about how much they pay their male and female employees . Starting 2018 , they will have to publish detailed information about gaps in salaries and bonuses . The plan is part of the government 's strategy to put an end to gender pay discrimination .
Ivanka Trump enjoyed a night out with daughter Arabella on Wednesday as the two made their way to the Chinese Embassy in Washington DC to attend a party celebrating the lunar new year .
Guests at the event surrounded the 35-year-old daughter of President Donald Trump as she entered the party accompanied by Arabella and their host for the evening , Ambassador Cui Tiankai .
On Thursday , Ivanka posted a video of Arabella performing a song in Mandarin the morning after the event .
Ivanka and Arabella arrived towards the end of the Year of the Rooster festivities just as people were beginning to file out of the embassy .
Ambassador Tankai took Ivanka and her daughter to look at some of the art and handicrafts on display and meet some of the other guests after they arrived at the party .
Arabella was dressed in head-to-toe red for the Year of the Rooster event , and wore the same custom Oscar de la Renta coat that she had on at the inauguration .
Ivanka warmly greeted everyone who approached her as she walked through the crowd with Ambassador Tankai and spoke about her love of China , a country that is home to one of her closest friends , Wendi Deng .
Mother and daughter then had the honor of enjoying a musical performance at the event , which showcased some dancing and opera as well as acrobatics .
The pair later posed for some photos with the performers , who were dressed in traditional Chinese attire , while Arabella could be seen enjoying some of the Chinese food .
On Thursday morning , Ivanka posted a very public thank you to Ambassador Tankai in the form of a video that she uploaded to her Instagram which showed daughter Arabella performing one of the traditional songs she learned while playing with her new paper lion .
'Arabella singing a song she learned for # ChineseNewYear . Wishing everyone an amazing year to come during these days of celebration , 新年快乐 , ' wrote Ivanka .
Sherlock Holmes has had many incarnations since he was first brought to life by the pen of Arthur Conan Doyle in 1887 . This summer , that most British of detectives , who has appeared as everything from a vampire hunter to a crime-fighting teenager , is being immortalised in Japanese manga .
Out in June , Sherlock : A Study in Pink adapts the BBC series , which started in 2010 , transforming Benedict Cumberbatch ’ s Holmes and Martin Freeman ’ s Dr John Watson into classic manga images . Publisher Titan Comics said the release would be the first time the manga series , illustrated by manga illustrator Jay , would be printed in English . It launched in Japan four years ago , and according to io9 its popularity has meant there have been a plethora of fan translations since .
“ It ’ s really interesting seeing such a British thing being reinterpreted in Japanese manga , ” said Titan Comics editor Andrew James , who acquired the manga series for the publisher . “ It ’ s still dynamic and full of action , but compared to American comics , there ’ s often a quietness and reflectiveness about manga . ”
Titan is offering extended page counts , as well as new art and covers by artists including Alice X Zhang , in its manga series , the first issue of which opens with Holmes and Watson ’ s first meeting and ends with the pair moving in together .
The pair ’ s relationship , James said , is “ not made any more explicit than it is on the television , but it ’ s certainly something the television has hinted at ... so [ the manga ] is not a thing with love hearts appearing , but it ’ s definitely something in which the subtext is just as strong ” .
Danie Ware , from retailer Forbidden Planet , said the manga series was “ pitched just right ” , and an “ interesting crossover ” . “ It ’ s a very new thing , putting something which is very British into the manga format . It ’ s very unusual , ” she said . “ But ever since Benedict appeared on the television , Sherlock has been on the up and up . [ And ] there ’ s a huge following for manga amongst young women of around 21 , and I think the same group follows Benedict , so there is a crossover . ”
Titan is also the publisher of the Further Adventures of Sherlock Holmes series , in which the detective variously deals with alien attacks and vampires , as well as James Lovegrove ’ s forthcoming Cthulhu Casebooks series , in which he takes on occult forces . In Mycroft Holmes , by the basketball player Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , the life of his older brother is imagined .
“ As a core starting place , Holmes is the detective – the first one , the one everyone references , ” said Titan Books editor Miranda Jewess . “ It ’ s nice to have that point of familiarity , then you can have writers from any genre playing with it ... We ’ ve had Holmes fighting everything – even Frankenstein ’ s monster . ”
According to book sales monitor Nielsen BookScan , hundreds of Holmes-related titles were published in 2015 . The most popular was Anthony Horowitz ’ s authorised sequel , The House of Silk , followed by a miniature edition of Conan Doyle ’ s Essential Mysteries . Other popular titles included Andrew Lane ’ s Young Sherlock Holmes books , Tim Dedopulos ’ s Holmes puzzles , and psychologist Maria Konnikova ’ s Mastermind : How to Think Like Sherlock Holmes .
Jewess speculated that Conan Doyle himself probably wouldn ’ t have approved of the industry his creation has spawned . “ Luckily , he ’ s out of copyright , because I don ’ t think he ’ d like it , ” she said . “ He tried to kill Holmes off once , and I ’ d think he ’ d want him to die again . But on the other hand , perhaps the fact that he has become more than a character , that he ’ s an icon , might help ease his mind . ”
`` I used to act in roles that I was not suitable for in Hollywood . I know it 's not me who earns respect , it 's the country , and its 1.4 billion people who back me up , '' he said .
A household name in China , Chan is considering how to combine more cultural elements with his kung fu movies , adding that he attends formal events only in Tang suits , which signals his identity as Chinese .
`` As more international filmmakers come to China to cooperate , we 're offered an opportunity to gain more global appeal for our cultural products , including films , '' he added .
Yu Minhong , founder and CEO of the New Oriental Education and Technology Group and a member of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference 's National Committee , estimates that the number of Chinese studying abroad each year will peak at between 700,000 to 800,000 .
`` Considering China 's economic development and rising household incomes , the annual number ( of Chinese studying abroad ) will come to a head within five years . Then it will fluctuate in line with the annual birthrate and the economy , '' he said .
According to Education Ministry statistics , 544,500 Chinese studied abroad last year , more than triple the 179,800 that sought out education overseas in 2008 .
He added that more than 80 percent of those who pursue education overseas return to China after completing their studies and contribute to the nation 's economy .
`` From a long-term perspective , it is a positive thing , '' he said . `` China 's policies will continue to support overseas study and the Chinese people are aware that having more students abroad can have a positive effect on the country 's long-term development . ''
Asia ’ s mountain glaciers will lose at least a third of their mass through global warming by the century ’ s end , with dire consequences for millions of people who rely on them for fresh water , researchers have said .
This is a best-case scenario , based on the assumption that the world manages to limit average global warming to 1.5C over pre-industrial levels , a team wrote in the journal Nature .
“ To meet the 1.5C target will be a task of unprecedented difficulty , ” the researchers said , “ and even then , 36 % ( give or take 7 % ) of the ice mass in the high mountains of Asia is projected to be lost ” by 2100 .
With warming of 3.5C , 4C and 6C respectively , Asian glacier losses could amount to 49 % , 51 % or 65 % by the end of the century , according to the team ’ s modeling study .
The high mountains of Asia comprise a geographical region surrounding the Tibetan plateau , holding the biggest store of frozen water outside the poles .
It feeds many of the world ’ s great rivers , including the Ganges , the Indus and the Yarlung Zangbo River , on which hundreds of millions of people depend .
Nearly 200 nations adopted the Paris agreement in 2015 , which sets the goal of limiting warming to a level “ well below ” 2C , while “ pursuing efforts ” to achieve a lower ceiling of 1.5C .
Earth ’ s surface has already warmed by about 1C , according to scientists .
For high warming scenarios , experts predict land-gobbling sea-level rise , worsening storms , more frequent droughts and floods , species loss and disease spread .
The Asian high mountains , the new study said , were already warming more rapidly than the global average .
A global temperature rise of 1.5C would mean an average increase in the region of about 2.1C , with differences between mountain ranges – all of which will warm by more than 1.5C .
The Hindu Kush mountain range would warm by about 2.3C and the eastern Himalaya Mountains by 1.9C , the study forecast .
“ Even if temperatures stabilize at their current level , ( glacier ) mass loss will continue for decades to come , ” the researchers added .
For the high mountain glaciers to survive , “ it is essential to minimize the global temperature increase ” .
Swaths of south Asia and China depend on meltwater from Himalayan glaciers for drinking water , electricity generation and irrigation .
A study in July in the journal Nature Climate Change said there was only a 5 % chance of holding global warming under 2C . For 1.5C , the odds were about 1 % .
On current trends , some experts project Earth is on track to warm by about 3C .
Levels of pollution on some cruise ships ' decks are worse than in the world 's most polluted cities , an investigation by Channel 4 Dispatches has found .
The undercover investigation on Britain 's biggest crew operator P & amp ; O Cruises aimed to find out how clean the air holidaymakers breathe when on a ship is .
It focused on the levels of `` ultra-fine particles '' found in the air and around the cruise ship and emitted from the fuel the ships ' engines burn .
But while passengers hope to escape the dirty air of cities for some fresh sea air , the investigation found cruise ships are having a negative impact on the environment . One cruise ship can emit as much particulate matter as a million cars in a day .
Meanwhile cruise ships are becoming more popular with around two million people from the UK travelling on one every year .
By using a P-Trak ultra-fine particle counter , Dispatches said it was able to measure the levels of the ultra-fine particulates on board the P & amp ; O Cruises ' ship Oceana , which can carry more than 2,000 passengers .
The device found that the air on the deck downwind of , and directly next to the ship 's funnels , had 84,000 ultra-fine particulates per cubic centimetre .
Directly next to the funnels on the deck , the numbers rocketed to 144,000 with a peak at 226,000 .
This is more than double the average found in central London 's Piccadilly Circus , where using the same device , the Dispatches team recorded 38,400 ultra-fine particulates per cubic centimetre .
While the deck is popular with sun-bathers , passengers are likely to be breathing some of these particulates , which are harmful for health and the environment .
Speaking to Dispatches , Dr Matthew Loxham said : `` It is clear from those results that there are certain areas of the ship that are affected by quite high levels of particulate matter .
`` These are levels that you would expect to see in the most polluted cities in the world like Delhi and so on . ''
Looking at the results , Dr Loxham also said the findings suggested the majority of the particulates were coming directly from the ship 's funnels .
He said : `` Short term exposure can cause increasing respiratory symptoms . People who are asthmatic for example , that might give them a wheeze . Similarly for people with cardiovascular disease . Now that is not to say that these levels of particulates on this ship are going to do that but there is much evidence out there to suggest that increase levels of particulates can cause these symptoms . ''
Dr Loxham added that crew members working on the ship and who experienced repeated exposure could experience symptoms `` that we are just starting to understand '' .
Speaking to the Dispatches team , Daniel Rieger , of the German environment association NABU ( Nature And Biodiversity Conservation Union ) , said : “ Ships cause not only greenhouse gas emissions , but also sulphur oxides , nitrogen oxides and particulate matter .
`` Per day one cruise ship emits as much particulate matter as a million cars . So 30 cruise ships pollute as much as all the cars in the United Kingdom . ”
John Maggs , president of the Clean Shipping Coalition , also told Dispatches : “ Most large ships burn heavy fuel oil . It ’ s a residual product from the refining industry , so after the refiners have produced the petrol and diesel we put in our cars , they ’ re left with what is essentially a waste product . It ’ s called residual fuel , or heavy fuel oil .
`` From an environmental point of view , it ’ s bad because of the air pollution caused by the very high sulphur content . The shipping industry , however , has traditionally liked it because it ’ s much cheaper than other fuels . ”
Responding to the findings revealed by the investigation , P & amp ; O Cruises said : “ Since 2005 we have reduced our fuel consumption by 28 percent , with the accompanying reduction in air emissions . ”
It added that the Oceana is to be fitted with `` exhaust gas cleaning systems , which have been installed on 60 ships across its brands '' .
`` This action significantly improves the quality of air emissions . Soot and particulate matter reductions in excess of 80 percent have been achieved . ”
P & amp ; O also said that in 2014 it had reduced CO2 emissions by 20 percent and had `` renewed its goal to continue reducing the rate ” .
It said : “ The health , safety and welfare of guests and crew across all our ships is our absolute highest priority… We recognise that there is a public interest… related to particulate matter and related health issues ” .
A UK supermarket has become the first in the world to let shoppers pay for groceries using just the veins in their fingertips .
Customers at the Costcutter store , at Brunel University in London , can now pay using their unique vein pattern to identify themselves .
The firm behind the technology , Sthaler , has said it is in `` serious talks '' with other major UK supermarkets to adopt hi-tech finger vein scanners at pay points across thousands of stores .
It works by using infrared to scan people 's finger veins and then links this unique biometric map to their bank cards . Customers ’ bank details are then stored with payment provider Worldpay , in the same way you can store your card details when shopping online . Shoppers can then turn up to the supermarket with nothing on them but their own hands and use it to make payments in just three seconds .
It comes as previous studies have found fingerprint recognition , used widely on mobile phones , is vulnerable to being hacked and can be copied even from finger smears left on phone screens .
But Sthaler , the firm behind the technology , claims vein technology is the most secure biometric identification method as it can not be copied or stolen .
Shaler said dozens of students were already using the system and it expected 3,000 students out of 13,000 to have signed up by November .
The technology uses an infrared light to create a detailed map of the vein pattern in your finger . It requires the person to be alive , meaning in the unlikely event a criminal hacks off someone ’ s finger , it would not work . Sthaler said it take just one minute to sign up to the system initially and , after that , it takes just seconds to place your finger in a scanner each time you reach the supermarket checkout .
Simon Binns , commercial director of Sthaler , told the Daily Telegraph : ‘ This makes payments so much easier for customers .
`` This is the safest form of biometrics . There are no known incidences where this security has been breached .
`` When you put your finger in the scanner it checks you are alive , it checks for a pulse , it checks for hemoglobin . ‘ Your vein pattern is secure because it is kept on a database in an encrypted form , as binary numbers . No card details are stored with the retailer or ourselves , it is held with Worldpay , in the same way it is when you buy online . ''
Hillary Clinton has vowed to `` get to the bottom '' of UFOs if she becomes the next President of the United States .
And the Democratic presidential candidate believes we may already have been visited by extraterrestrials .
Responding to a question about UFOs from a journalist while campaigning in New Hampshire , she reportedly said : `` Yes , I 'm going to get to the bottom of it . ''
Clinton , who could become America 's first female president if elected in November , also said she would send a `` task force '' into Area 51 - a top secret base in Nevada where UFO enthusiasts believe alien technology is being back-engineered .
John Podesta , her campaign chairman , has previously called for the release of all UFO files as the “ American people can handle the truth ” .
Last year he famously tweeted his biggest regret of 2014 was not securing the release of the UFO files before he retired .
He said : `` Finally , my biggest failure of 2014 : Once again not securing the # disclosure of the UFO files . # the truthisstilloutthere '' .
Podesta was also her husband Bill Clinton 's chief of staff when he was in the White House and a top advisor to President Barack Obama .
Hillary said : “ He has made me personally pledge we are going to get the information out . One way or another . Maybe we could have a task force go to Area 51 . ''
Last year Bill Clinton told US chat show host Jimmy Kimmel he would n't be surprised if alien life visited Earth but said he hoped it `` would n't be like Independence Day '' .
He also said he had looked into Area 51 but added : `` There are no aliens there . ''
When asked about her husband 's comments , Hillary said : `` I think we may have been ( visited already ) . We do n't know for sure . ''
Reproduction Prize - The late Ahmed Shafik , for testing the effects of wearing polyester , cotton , or wool trousers on the sex life of rats .
He made murine trousers – covering the animals ’ hind legs with a hole for the tail – in various cloths : 100 % polyester , 50/50 % polyester/cotton , all cotton and all wool .
Rats that wore polyester showed “ significantly lower ” rates of sexual activity , Shafik found , perhaps because of the electrostatic charges created by the material . Cotton- and wool-wearing rats were relatively normal .
Economics Prize - Mark Avis and colleagues , for assessing the perceived personalities of rocks , from a sales and marketing perspective .
Physics Prize - Gabor Horvath and colleagues , for discovering why white-haired horses are the most horsefly-proof horses , and for discovering why dragonflies are fatally attracted to black tombstones .
Chemistry Prize - Volkswagen , for solving the problem of excessive automobile pollution emissions by automatically , electromechanically producing fewer emissions whenever the cars are being tested .
Medicine Prize - Christoph Helmchen and colleagues , for discovering that if you have an itch on the left side of your body , you can relieve it by looking into a mirror and scratching the right side of your body ( and vice versa ) .
Psychology Prize - Evelyne Debey and colleges , for asking a thousand liars how often they lie , and for deciding whether to believe those answers . Their study of more than 1,000 people who are ages 6 to 77 found that young adults are the best liars .
How do the scientists know their subjects were n't lying to them ? `` We do n't , '' Logan said .
Peace Prize- Gordon Pennycook and colleges , for their scholarly study called `` On the Reception and Detection of Pseudo-Profound Bullshit ''
Biology Prize - Charles Foster for living in the wild as , at different times , a badger , an otter , a deer , a fox , and a bird ; and to Thomas Thwaites , for creating prosthetic extensions of his limbs that allowed him to move in the manner of , and spend time roaming hills in the company of , goats .
Literature Prize- Fredrik Sjoberg for his three-volume autobiographical work about the pleasures of collecting flies that are dead , and flies that are not yet dead .
It sounds downright dull , but Sjoberg 's books are a hit in his homeland , and the first volume 's English translation , `` The Fly Trap , '' has earned rave reviews .
Perception Prize -Atsuki Higashiyama and Kohei Adachi for investigating whether things look different when you bend over and view them between your legs .
The Rubik 's Cube has puzzled the minds of millions for decades , with most people giving up before ever coming close to finishing the notoriously difficult game .
But not teenager Collin Burns , who has completed a cube in just 5.25 seconds , smashing the world record .
The US national 'speedcubing ' champion was at an official Rubik 's Cube event in Doylestown , Pennsylvania , when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the record .
Other teenagers can be seen chatting in the background as they completed their own puzzles at the official World Cube Association ( WCA ) meeting this weekend .
Meanwhile Collin is focused on his cube , quickly spinning the rows of tiles round as the clock counts upward from zero .
As the 3x3 Rubik 's Cube 's colours align , he drops it down on to a pressure sensor which stops the watch , bringing gasps from his fellow enthusiasts as they realise he has set a new fastest time .
Collin breaks into a huge smile as he sees his accomplishment , which was 0.3 seconds quicker than the previous world record of 5.55 seconds , set by Dutchman Mats Valk .
The gathered teenagers suddenly break into cheers as they crowd round to get a closer look , patting Collin on the back and shaking his hand .
A WCA representative told Mashable that the teenager had officially broken the record .
'Although this result has not been uploaded to the WCA database just yet , we can confirm that this is ( or will be soon ) the new official WCA world record for the 3x3x3 single solve category , ' the spokesman said .
'To our best knowledge , it has been performed in an official competition , with all the rules being followed , even the scramble has been checked for its correctness . '
The Indian government declared an `` emergency situation '' in New Delhi on Sunday as air pollution hit dangerous new highs and residents have the selfies to prove it .
Officials announced a slew of measures to combat toxic smog in the capital city , including halting construction projects , canceling school , closing a coal-fired power plant for 10 days and dousing the dusty roads with water .
City dwellers , meanwhile , took `` smog selfies '' as they strolled through air so dirty you can taste and smell it .
Visitors photographed their mugs against the hazy backdrop that blanketed popular tourist attractions like the India Gate , a 138-foot-hight structure built in 1931 to honor Indian soldiers who died in World War I .
Other selfie snappers joined hundreds of protesters in downtown New Delhi to demand the government address the deadly smog .
Visiting cricket players from Gujarat posed in protective face masks .
Their match and one other for the Ranji Trophy were cancelled this weekend due to the city 's rising pollution levels .
New Delhi , already one of the world 's dirtiest cities , is experiencing its worst smog in nearly two decades .
The city saw levels of PM2.5 the tiny particulate matter than can clog lungs of more than 900 micrograms per cubic meter on Saturday .
That 's more than 90 times the level that World Health Organization considers safe and is 15 times higher than the Indian government 's norms .
Particulate matter comes from vehicle exhaust pipes , coal plant smokestacks , burning trash piles , dust and other sources .
The pollution can lead to asthma , lung cancer , heart disease and related illnesses , particularly in growing children .
New Delhi 's severe pollution was initially blamed on the widespread bursting of firecrackers during the festival Diwali .
But images published by NASA last week suggested that crop burning in the neighboring states of Punjab and Haryana could be the reason for the skyrocketing levels of PM2.5 . New Delhi 's chief minister , Arvind Kejriwal , told reporters Sunday that farmers in those states begin burning straw from their rice paddy crop at the start of every winter to clear their plants for planting wheat .
Kejriwal said people should avoid going outdoors until the pollution levels drop and should work from home as much as possible .
As in , maybe put down the selfie sticks , too .
Watching a 3D movie can more than double the concentration powers and cognitive processing of children , new research claims .
A study by visual technology firm RealD and led by child psychologist Dr Richard Woolfson and associate lecturer at Goldsmiths Patrick Fagan suggests that children aged between seven and 14 experienced twice the cognitive processing speed and performed better in testing after watching 20 minutes of a 3D film .
This is despite suggestions that attention spans in children have shortened in the last decade due to unlimited to access to entertainment , including on-demand TV , gaming and social media .
A 2015 study claimed that watching 3D content had a similar effect to brain-training exercises .
Consumer psychologist Mr Fagan said that the increased stimulation found in watching something in 3D `` exercised '' the brain and improved performance in the short term .
`` 3D films can play the role of 'brain-training ' games and help to make children 'smarter ' in the short term , '' he said .
`` The shortening of response times after watching 3D was almost three times as big as that gained from watching 2D ; in other words , 3D helps children process aspects of their environment more quickly . This is likely to be because 3D is a mentally stimulating experience which 'gets the brain 's juices flowing ' . ''
The experiment saw children given a range of cognitive tests before watching 20 minutes of a movie in either 2D or 3D and being tested again . The results showed those who saw the 3D content reacted faster and performed better in the second round of testing . Mental engagement also rose by 13 % among 3D watchers .
Child psychologist Dr Woolfson added that `` supportive parenting '' and regularly listening to classical music can also aid a child 's memory .
`` Children now expect to flit from activity to activity in a matter of seconds , leaving them struggling when they need to concentrate for longer , for instance , during a classroom learning experience . '' he said .
`` Setting a good example also matters - parents who check their smartphones or laptops during mealtimes or family activities should n't be surprised when their children want to do the same . ''
A great deal of Donald Trump 's political success can be put down to his body language and the unusual ways he uses his face . The first thing we notice about Trump 's facial expressions is the sheer variety . The second is their dramatic , often over-stated character . This was evident before and during the presidential election . But what are Trump 's signature facial expressions , and what do they tell us about him ?
1 . Alpha face
During the campaign , Trump eclipsed Clinton in the macho stakes . He did this by adopting an `` alpha face '' of lowered brows , narrowed eyes and a firmly set mouth . This expression is the antithesis of submissiveness . Psychologists have discovered that smiling men are widely perceived as less dominant and that powerful men show reduced levels of smiling . Individuals who want to demonstrate that they are not a threat are more likely to raise their eyebrows , widen their eyes and flash a smile – the precise opposite of what Trump does in this effort to remind everyone that he is not the kind of guy you can push around .
2 . Angry face
Most politicians , when they are angry , will allow themselves a modicum of indignation . That 's not enough for Trump . When he 's incensed , he pulls out all the stops and produces a larger-than-life spectacle of fury - eyes narrowed , brows tightly knitted together , mouth open and jaw tense . It is tempting to think that Trump 's outbursts come from a lack of inhibition , but their true source is more likely to be his realisation that exhibitions of anger reinforce an impression of dominance . This is certainly in line with research by psychologists , which shows that people with a strong sense of entitlement , or who see themselves as powerful and unchallenged , are more ready to engage in public displays of anger than others .
3 . Chin-jut
One of the ways that Trump tries to look like a tough politician is by jutting out his chin . The chin-jut relies on the fact that men with bigger chins have higher levels of testosterone and , partly for this reason , are more likely to reach positions of power . In a study at West Point military academy in the US , for example , it was discovered that male cadets who had larger chins were more likely to reach the rank of general in later life than their small-chinned peers . By using the chin-jut , Trump is taking full advantage of this fact – tilting his head back , thrusting out his lower jaw and attempting to give the impression that he deserves to be in charge .
4 . Big smile
Although Trump instinctively recognises the demeaning potential of smiling , there are occasions when he is prepared to throw caution to the wind and give a full-blown smile , with his teeth on display and wrinkles around the corners of the eyes - the latter being the feature that defines a genuine as opposed to a fake display of happiness . Trump tends to produce these beaming smiles when he is in a convivial setting and when he does n't feel the need to look like a leader , or when he is with people whose company he enjoys - as demonstrated by his post-election photograph with Nigel Farage .
5 . Zipped smile
This is the smile that Trump defaults to when he is in the public eye : the mouth is closed and the teeth remain hidden . That 's because the risorius muscles , which pull the corners of the mouth sideways , are much more active in this case than the zygomatic major muscles , which pull the corners of the mouth upwards and are otherwise involved in a full-blown smile . The result of this is that the zipped smile appears more guarded – and because the mouth is stretched sideways , it makes the face look slightly wider .
There could be several reasons why Trump is so attached to the zipped smile . One is that it makes him look less submissive . By avoiding a full-blown smile , he is able to appear circumspect , while keeping his options open - something he evidently likes to do .
Trump might also be unconsciously attracted to the zipped smile because it increases the apparent width-to-height ratio of his face , which in turn makes him look more masculine and macho . Psychologists have consistently shown that men with a high facial width-to-height ratio are not only seen as tougher and more attractive , they also have higher levels of testosterone and are actually more competitive .
6 . Puckered chin
Some of Trump 's zipped smiles are straightforward , but a large proportion of them are accompanied by a puckerechin . These are what psychologists call `` blended facial expressions '' . The presence of this additional facial expression is quite significant because people often pull their chins in when they feel threatened - it 's a way of tensing the chin in anticipation of being symbolically punched in the face . The fact that a puckered chin features in so many of Trump 's zipped smiles suggests that he frequently feels threatened . Because zipped smiles are so effective at capturing people ’ s attention , they provide a perfect vehicle for Trump to disguise his feelings of vulnerability .
7 . Exaggerated mouth
You ca n't help notice the way Trump protrudes and contorts his mouth . In fact , his lips appear to have an almost prehensile quality , as if they were an extra pair of hands , reaching out from his face to manipulate the world around him . There are , however , at least two explanations we might consider . One is that Trump amplifies his lip movements because he is not completely convinced that people fully understand what he 's saying . Studies have shown that when mothers are talking to their infants , they often protrude their lips and make exaggerated mouth movements in an attempt to make themselves better understood .
It is also conceivable that Trump 's exaggerated mouth movements are simply another example of a generalised strategy that involves using `` supernormal stimuli '' to attract attention to himself . Recent research on humans suggests that , like birds and fish , we too have an innate orienting reflex to supernormal stimuli , and that we respond more powerfully to things that are larger-than-life , whether in the realm of luxury goods , food or sex . Maybe Trump 's mouth movements - together with his histrionic hand gestures and overstated opinions - are all unknowingly designed to capitalise on this human reaction .
So which facial expressions will Trump opt for during his inauguration ? Will he try to present himself as a tough guy by putting on his alpha face and jutting out his chin , or will he embrace everyone with a big smile , or possibly even a zipped smile , with or without a puckered chin ? Whatever happens , Trump 's face is sure to provide important clues about his attitude to the occasion and what is going through his mind . Having chosen to be everyone 's face , there 's really nowhere for him to hide .
Facebook activated its `` Safety Check '' function on Sunday for the first time in the United States after a gunman massacred 50 people at a nightclub in Orlando , Florida .
The Safety Check , first introduced in October 2014 , allows Facebook users to spread the word that they are safe in wake of a natural disaster or a crisis , and allows searches for those who might be in the affected area .
`` Waking up this morning , I was horrified to hear about the shooting in Orlando . My thoughts and prayers are with the victims , their families and the LGBT community , '' said Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg on his official account .
A gunman armed with an assault rifle killed 50 people at a packed gay nightclub in Orlando on Sunday in the worst mass shooting in US history . Police killed the shooter at the Pulse nightclub , who was identified as Omar Mateen , a 29-year-old Florida resident and US citizen .
The incident quickly emerged as a top trending topic on Facebook and Twitter with hashtag # PrayforOrlando being one of the top posts throughout the day .
Last year , Facebook vowed to turn on the Safety Check more often during disasters in response to criticism that it enabled the function after attacks on Paris and not a day earlier when a bomb killed at least 43 people in Beirut .
First came the thigh gap . That was quickly followed by the so-called 'bikini bridge ' and the six pack . But the latest social media vanity is the most disturbing yet .
Suddenly , being merely super slender and toned is no longer good enough . Today 's attention-seeking young thing must also have a proudly protruding rib-cage .
It 's a look that supermodel-of-the-moment Bella Hadid recently displayed on her Instagram account . Artfully lying on her side in a barely-there bikini , arms above her head to ensure maximum rib-cage exposure , the 20-year-old looked dangerously in need of a good meal .
A raft of models , singers and social media stars are also following this toxic trend which surely takes the cult of skinny to a worrying new low .
Kate Beckinsale
Ever since moving to sunny California , British actress Kate , 43 , has thrown herself body and soul into LA living .
She does yoga , she drinks green juice and , of course , she likes to pose in bikinis showing off her washboard stomach and ribs .
Rita Ora
Well done to singer and former X Factor judge Rita Ora , 26 . She 's managed to tick the box of every social media craze : thigh gap , bikini bridge and in-your-face rib-cage .
Bella Hadid
American supermodel-of-the moment Bella is the queen of the ribcage braggers . 'Reflect and recharge ' , she wrote when she posted this recent snap from a holiday in Mexico . Maybe have a sandwich or two as well …
Kourtney Kardashian
It was on a recent girls ' holiday to Mexico that Kourtney 's little sister Kim revealed her behind in skimpy bikini bottoms .
But social media addict Kourtney , 38 , used it as an opportunity to show off her own impressive rib-cage figure .
Nicole Scherzinger
Congratulations to X Factor judge Nicole , 38 , for nailing the 'count my ribs ' pose while sunning herself on holiday in Ibiza . Arms raised languorously behind her head for maximum stretching , legs bent in and over — and a rib-cage looking like it 's trying to break free ...
Kate Hudson
As her followers will know , Kate , 38 , spends half her life on holiday , providing her with ample opportunity for posing .
Wearing a nude-coloured bikini , Kate posted this snap from Skiathos , Greece , showing off her toned legs , flat stomach and . . . jutting ribcage .
Chloe Madeley
Fitness fiend Chloe , 29 , works hard to make sure she does n't have a spare inch of flesh on her . Hours in the gym means she has a six pack most men would kill for , and ribs just made for bikini-posing on balconies .
Of all the hotels I 've ever been to , it was my recent stay at Sweden 's Icehotel which elicited the most questions .
Are you mad ? Is n't it really cold ? What do you sleep on ? What do you wear ?
In short , yes it 's really cold , I slept on a bed genuinely crafted from ice , and I kept warm thanks to the strange space-age 'duvet suit ' they provided me .
While the Icehotel has inspired copycats around the world , it all started here in the far north of Sweden back in 1989 .
Nestled in the small town of Jukkasjarvi , it was first built by hotel pioneer Yngve Bergqvist - who was , at the time , regarded to be mad as a box of frogs .
As it turned out , the concept was a roaring success and each winter since then , artists from around the world have been flying in to construct the 65-room palatial structure from scratch , using ice from the nearby Torne River .
Come summer , when the sun finally wrestles its way through the winter-long darkness , the Icehotel melts back into the river from whence it came .
This year , for the first time ever , its newly opened 365 wing will remain standing all season round , kept cool - although it sounds impossible - entirely using solar power .
My Icehotel experience kicked off with an awe-inspiring tour through the gleaming corridors and vault-like rooms - each one more quirky , it seemed , than the last .
The band of artists spend months with tractors , ice picks and chainsaws to create this architectural feat - and the finished rooms are nothing short of breathtaking .
Following the tour , it was dinner fit for a ( Vi ) King in the property ’ s ski chalet-esque restaurant .
The food here is true to Lapland 's native staples : chunky slices of reindeer filet served with creamy potato mash , glossy wine-infused gravy , and an array of plump red lingonberries . Desert is served on rustic ice plates .
After dinner followed a lengthy stint in the cavernous , candle-lit Ice Bar sipping neat whiskey from a glass which was not a glass , but in fact an ice goblet . After that ? It was finally time for bed .
First , I am assigned a spacious walk-in 'locker ' in the hotel 's warm building . This is where guests leave their suitcases , change out of their ski gear and wriggle into their snoozing garment - best described as the love child between a sleeping bag and an astronaut suit .
The only thing that comes into my ice bedroom with me is my phone ( I ca n't sleep without noise ) and my stuffed monkey ( yes , pathetic ) .
Fit snugly into a groove of my stately ice bed is a waterproof mattress topped with a reindeer hide . I shuffle onto it in my suit . There 's a single light switch within arm 's reach . I flick it off .
And so begins my strange and glorious night in what is , once it 's dark and silent , effectively a large freezer .
I slept soundly , snug as a bug in a rug all through the night , until I was woken offensively early in the morning ( 7am ) with a steaming mug of warm lingonberry juice .
This elixir , I ’ m afraid , did nothing to ease the grim task of emerging from hibernation . It was the only time during my stay at the Icehotel that I can truly say I was cold .
After waddling back to sanctuary in the warm building and being reunited with my belongings , it was home time .
Seldom few spend more than one night here , and it 's certainly a long way to voyage for a single night . It 's also expensive , with rooms starting at £220 and running up to around £1,000 .
But was it worth it ? Absolutely . And would I do it again ? You bet I would .
The BBC gave viewers an unexpected eyeful during the live broadcast of its nightly news show when someone in the newsroom appeared to be watching a steamy film behind an oblivious presenter .
Sophie Raworth was anchoring the News at Ten when a screen behind her started playing a film in which a woman is topless .
The unexpected clip could be clearly seen by the show ’ s 3.8million viewers , and was being watched by a man wearing headphones in the room behind the news show .
In what appears to be a scene from an action movie , a woman wearing a black jumper performs a strip-tease in front of a bare-chested man .
Baffled viewers took to Twitter to ask why there were breasts on the News at Ten .
Zane Jawad tweeted : “ @ BBCNews why is there a porn video playing behind one of your news anchors during a report ? ”
Another Twitter user mused : “ Did I just see boobs on News at Ten ? ”
The BBC said it is investigating the incident .
During their time at Broadcasting House in central London , BBC employees have been caught chatting , yawning , flirting and play fighting in the open-plan office .
In June , BBC News anchor Huw Edwards fell victim to a technical glitch on News at Ten and was seen twiddling his thumbs for two-and-a-half minutes .
He was unaware he was live on air .
About 450,000 condoms will be distributed during the Rio de Janeiro Olympics , three times more than for the London Games four years ago , the International Olympic Committee says .
Part of the reason was because 100,000 female condoms will be available for the first time , along with 350,000 condoms for men . About 175,000 packets of lubricant are also being supplied .
The IOC says the condoms would encourage 10,500 athletes and staff to practice safe sex .
It 's not clear if the increase is related to Brazil 's outbreak of the Zika virus . The reporters asked the question of the IOC in an email on Friday but did not receive an immediate response .
The Zika virus is carried by mosquitoes , but can also be transmitted sexually . The virus is linked to microcephaly , a condition in which babies are born with undersized brains and skulls .
The condoms will be distributed free from a clinic in the Athletes ' Village , or from vending machines . The village opens on July 24 with the Olympics opening on Aug 5 .
Brazilian newspaper Folha de S.Paulo , citing the IOC and local organizers , said the increase was not related to the Zika virus .
China 's Ma Long swept defending champion Zhang Jike 4-0 to win men 's table tennis singles gold medal , completing his first career Grand Slam . Zhang won silver medal of the match .
In women 's 200m breaststroke finals , China 's Shi Jinglin took bronze in 2:22.28 ; Wang Shun beat many prevailing rivals and ranked third in men 's 200m individual medley finals , clocking 1:57.05 ; In men 's 200m backstroke finals , Xu Jiayu of China ranked fourth . China 's Li Zhuhao ranked third in men 's 100m butterfly semifinals，successfully earning a final berth .
China 's hot swimmer Ning Zetao failed men 's 50m freestyle preliminary contest , ranking 30th among all swimmers .
China 's Zhang Binbin won the silver medal in the women 's 50-meter rifle three positions , and 2008 Olympic champion Du Li took the bronze .
Chinese women 's epee team settled for the silver medal after losing to Romania 38-44 in the final .
Blonde bombshells like Marilyn Monroe used to be regarded as the ultimate fantasy but now , according to a new survey , men are opting for edgy brunettes instead .
Dating website Match.com has released a set of findings gathered from their members , begging that age old question , what do men and women find most attractive about each other ?
Instead of the stereotypical Scandinavian blonde look , men are now demonstrating a preference for long brown locks , although blue eyes are still top of their list .
With caring qualities also top of the list , the survey revealed that a profession as a doctor is most appealing among the male masses .
Pairing brains with beauty , male members of the service said that their ideal woman also likes to go swimming to ensure her physique is toned and fit .
And when she ’ s not busy playing with her stethoscope or splashing around in the pool this lady also makes time for her naughtier side , inking tattoos on concealed body parts .
According to this research celebrities like Sienna Miller , Cameron Diaz and Blake Lively are not in the wishlist any more and instead Megan Fox , Angelina Jolie and Zooey Deschanel fit the bill .
The verdict for men was equally surprising as women don ’ t want chiselled abs like Ryan Gosling or Ryan Reynolds , they ’ d rather see a relaxed dad bod under the car bonnet .
Women too prefer brown hair and blue eyes , but men need to remember to keep it short . Longer locks like Johnny Depp , Jared Leto or Colin Farrell are a big no with the ladies .
The survey didn ’ t however specify about the beard which , paired with a chunky knit cardigan , has become a popular look with celebrities like Chris Hemsworth , Kit Harington and Jake Gyllenhaal .
Women also expressed a preference for a suited and booted type , who works in an office and spends his free time with his dog . ( Legend star Tom Hardy has got it right posing for pictures with pooches ) .
This research is limited to the UK .
We all know that passwords such as ‘ 12345 ’ and ‘ password1 ’ are far from secure , but how about your lock screen pattern for your smartphone ? A study shows that most of us use similar patterns to unlock our handsets , meaning they could be easily guessed by criminals .
More than three quarters of people start their lock screen patterns from a corner , according to the researcher behind the worrying work . Marte Løge , a graduate of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology , also said 44 per cent of study participants start their Android lock screen pattern ‘ password ’ from the top left corner .
She found that around 10 per cent of patterns create a letter , such as an N or C , which more often than not corresponded to a user 's own name , or that of a loved one , Ars Technica reported . She presented her findings into Android lock patterns , which were introduced in 2008 , at PasswordCon in Las Vegas last week .
Ms Løge sampled 4,000 user-generated Android lock patterns as part of her thesis . She asked study participants to create three Android lock patterns – one for an imaginary shopping app , another for a fake banking app and one to unlock a phone .
She found that most people chose to create a pattern that travelled through the minimum amount of nodes of spots – four – making their pattern much less secure than if they opted for the maximum number of nodes . The average number of nodes used was five , meaning there were less than 8,000 possible pattern combinations , but this dropped to just 1,624 for four node patterns .
Ms Løge found that most people chose patterns that moved from left to right , making guessing combinations slightly easier .
Men were more likely than women to choose long and complicated patterns , but interestingly there was little difference between the patterns chosen by right-handed and left-handed participants .
‘ Humans are predictable , ’ Ms Løge told Ars . ‘ We 're seeing the same aspects used when creating a pattern locks [ as are used in ] pin codes and alphanumeric passwords . ’
She believes that using 'crossovers ' to bamboozle onlookers and not starting from a corner produces the safest password patterns . Using a long and complex password is also unsurprisingly more secure .
The Hollywood star Angelina Jolie has been appointed visiting professor at the London School of Economics ( LSE ) , where she will teach a Masters in gender and human rights .
The Oscar-winning actress will join former foreign secretary William Hague as a lecturer at the university 's Centre for Women , Peace and Security where she will help to teach students studying for a Master 's degree .
Jolie Pitt , who has been a goodwill ambassador for the UN Refugee Agency and is currently one of its special envoys , has been a vocal campaigner on refugee rights , and against the female genital mutilation and the use of rape as a weapon of war .
She said : `` I am very encouraged by the creation of this master 's programme . I hope other academic institutions will follow this example , as it is vital that we broaden the discussion on how to advance women 's rights and end impunity for crimes that disproportionately affect women , such as sexual violence in conflict .
`` I am looking forward to teaching and to learning from the students as well as to sharing my own experiences of working alongside governments and the United Nations '' .
Lord Hague , who worked with Jolie-Pitt on hosting a four-day summit on ending sexual violence in war in London two years ago , said he was `` delighted '' to be appointed .
Wonder Woman has had her golden tiara hung up and her ambassadorship to the UN relinquished after tens of thousands of people signed a petition calling on the organisation to ditch the comic book character .
Officials appointed the superhero as an ambassador in October , ahead of a 2017 empowerment campaign for women and girls .
But the choice of the white , curvaceous and scantily clad superhero attracted heavy criticism . Almost 45,000 people signing an online petition calling for UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon to drop the character and dozens of UN employees protested at UN headquarters on the day of the appointment .
`` Although the original creators may have intended Wonder Woman to represent a strong and independent 'warrior ' woman with a feminist message , the reality is that the character 's current iteration is that of a large breasted , white woman of impossible proportions , '' the petition said .
`` It is alarming that the United Nations would consider using a character with an overtly sexualized image at a time when the headline news in United States and the world is the objectification of women and girls. ``
The UN did not explain why the project with Wonder Woman would come to such an apparently abrupt end on Friday .
Yet spokesperson Jeffrey Brez said campaigns using such fictional characters often lasted only a few months , Reuters reported .
The designation of Angry Birds , a collection of animated characters that originated in an online video game , as UN climate change envoys in March lasted a single day , he said .
Warner Bros and DC Entertainment are sponsoring a year-long campaign by the UN and its children 's agency , Unicef , for gender equality and women 's empowerment .
DC Entertainment - which publishes DC Comics - said Wonder Woman had brought exposure to the UN 's goal of achieving gender equality by 2030 `` as well as elevating the global conversation around the empowerment of women and girls '' .
`` Wonder Woman stands for peace , justice and equality , and for 75 years she has been a motivating force for many and will continue to be long after the conclusion of her UN honorary ambassadorship , '' said Courtney Simmons , a spokesperson for the company .
The petition offers to find the UN a list of `` living , breathing '' female role models for consideration for the role of ambassador .
The Zika virus can wreak havoc on the brain of a developing fetus , but its destructive power may also be harnessed to fight a stubborn form of adult brain cancer , researchers said .
Early studies have shown the mosquito-borne virus can destroy cells responsible for glioblastoma , the most common form of brain cancer .
Glioblastoma affects 12,000 people per year in the United States , and was recently diagnosed in Senator John McCain .
The standard treatment is chemotherapy and radiation . But most patients die within two years .
`` It is so frustrating to treat a patient as aggressively as we know how , only to see his or her tumor recur a few months later , '' said Milan Chheda from Washington University School of Medicine .
`` We wondered whether nature could provide a weapon to target the cells most likely responsible for this return . ''
The secret to Zika 's apparent success , the latest experiments show , is that the virus specifically takes aim at brain cancer stem cells , the kind that tend to survive chemotherapy and spread .
When a pregnant woman is infected with Zika , she faces a higher risk of bearing an infant with an unusually small head because Zika destroys these cells , leading to the irreversible condition known as microcephaly .
Zika tends to attack neuroprogenitor cells , which are common in fetuses but rare in adults .
`` We showed that Zika virus can kill the kind of glioblastoma cells that tend to be resistant to current treatments and lead to death , '' said study co-author Michael Diamond , a professor of medicine .
Researchers injected either Zika virus or a saltwater placebo directly into the brain tumors of 33 mice , said the report in The Journal of Experimental Medicine .
Two weeks later , `` tumors were significantly smaller in the Zika-treated mice '' , the report said . These mice also survived `` significantly longer than the ones given saltwater '' .
More work is needed before the treatment can be safely attempted in humans .
The virus would likely be injected directly into the brain during surgery to remove the primary tumor .
Extra studies on Zika 's effects on the brain tissue of epilepsy patients showed the virus did not infect noncancerous brain cells .
`` We see Zika one day being used in combination with current therapies to eradicate the whole tumor , '' Chheda said .
The introduction of a women-only bus in one Chinese city has riled some local men and sparked an online debate .
The new summer service will run during morning and evening rush hours in Zhengzhou , in an effort to cut the number of groping incidents , Dahe Daily reports . The local bus company says it 'll protect women from being harassed when wearing lighter clothing , and also help breastfeeding mothers feel more comfortable .
Female-only train and metro carriages have been introduced in many countries with varying degrees of success , but single-sex transport is a relatively new concept in China .
Women interviewed on board the bus said they were pleased with the service , with one telling a reporter : `` Of course this is a good idea , it is very respectful to women . ''
But some local men are less impressed . One tells Dahe Daily that harassment is n't common on public transport : `` The bus company has made a fuss over it - this measure will cause men to feel humiliated . '' Another man complains to China National Radio : `` I had to wait a really long time for another bus to arrive because I was n't allowed on . ''
A video that has gone viral shows an elderly man remonstrating with the driver after being denied boarding . `` You 're discriminating against me ! This is a public bus ! '' he shouts . Others appear unfazed , and wander off in search of another service .
It 's become a hot topic of debate on microblogging site Weibo , with lots of women welcoming the idea , although one notes : `` Not all men are bad , but are n't all men being discriminated against here ? '' There 's support from male users too , although some think it promotes a general distrust of men . Many also feel an exception should have been made for the elderly man in the video .
Rafael Nadal described his `` joy '' at winning a record 10th French Open after beating Swiss third seed Stan Wawrinka in the final .
The Spaniard , 31 , won 6-2 6-3 6-1 to secure 'La Decima ' at Roland Garros , and his 15th major title .
Nadal - who won without dropping a set in the tournament for the third time - said he could not have imagined such success when he first won 12 years ago .
He said : `` In 2005 , I thought in 2017 I 'd be fishing on my boat in Mallorca . ''
Nadal added : `` I did n't really think I 'd have such a long career and win so many tournaments . ''
Nadal swept through the final in two hours and five minutes to extend his all-time lead at Roland Garros , with 10 titles to Bjorn Borg 's six in the open era .
He said : `` This tournament has been very special to me , and it 's true that it is unprecedented .
`` Trust me , I 'm very happy that I 'm the one who did it .
`` If I can do it , someone else can do it .
`` But you need the right circumstances , the right ingredients to win 10 French Open titles .
`` I do n't know if I will ever get to meet the player who will do better than I did . ''
The best Nadal has ever played – Wawrinka
Nadal has struggled for form and fitness since his last Grand Slam title at the French Open three years ago , but has enjoyed a resurgence this year .
Wawrinka had been expected to pose the first serious examination of Nadal 's new-found confidence but he was brushed aside like the previous six opponents .
`` For sure he 's playing the best he 's ever played , '' said the Swiss .
`` But not only here . I think since the beginning of the year , you can see he 's playing more aggressive , staying more close from the line .
`` That 's clearly the best he ever played . That 's why he 's winning so much again . ''
Nadal 's forehand has been one of the great tennis strokes for over a decade , but his backhand has grown in potency - he added 36 backhand winners to 90 forehands at Roland Garros this year .
His game has also become more attacking over time .
The Spaniard won 60 % of his points in under four strokes , 72 % of his first-serve points and a stunning 74 % behind his second serve .
`` If you play Rafa , if you 're not completely free with what you think and what you 're going to do , and not completely relaxed the way you 're going to play , you have no chance , '' said the Swiss .
Magic , it turns out , is a highly addictive thing - and when it comes to the intricate fictional world of JK Rowling , fans can rarely get enough .
To celebrate the release of Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them , a number of books on the making of the film have consequently been published , including Ian Nathan 's behind-the-scenes guide Inside the Magic , and The Case of Beasts , which explores the wizarding world shown in the film .
We had a look through , to see what we could glean about Fantastic Beats , its cast , and Rowling 's script .
Here are some of the things we learnt :
1.Eddie Redmayne wound up `` sobbing '' after reading the script for the first time
In Yates-ian style , the director held a `` slightly clandestine meeting '' with Redmayne near Christmas in the basement of `` a hidden little club in Soho '' , next to a roaring fire . He later went to safari parks to meet real zoologists and meet experts in animal breeding to learn about these people cared for exotic creatures .
2.JK Rowling wrote the script in two-day chunks
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is Rowling 's debut screenplay , and she said that , in comparison to writing a novel , she really , really , really enjoyed it .
Rowling was in constant communication with Yates and serial Potter-producers Steve Kloves and Lionel Wigram . She would then : `` depart for her hotel and spent two nights at her keyboard , returning having not slept but rewritten huge portions of the script , sometimes producing an entirely new draft . ''
3 . Redmayne made sure that Newt 's wand was animal-free
Prop modeller Pierre Bohanna wanted Newt 's wand to include an `` animal component '' , such as Fawkes 's phoenix features that can be found in both Harry Potter and Lord Voldemort 's wand , but Redmayne refused : he was `` insistent there would be no leather or horn involved . Newt would n't stand for that. ``
4.The crew built 1920s New York on set at Leavesdon Studios
It took just 16 weeks to create Manhattan 's Lower East Side , TriBeCa and the Diamond District in 1926 in a studio an hour north of London . The set needed constant re-dressing by an army different teams of designers and dressers during the five months it was used for filming .
The same attention to detail was given to the office space of the MACUSA , where Tina and Queenie Goldstein work - 80 bespoke desks were designed and built and chairs were imported from the US for the set .
5 . Queenie is the most attractive female character Rowling has ever created
She wrote as much in the script : `` The most beautiful girl ever to don witch 's robes '' .
6.The extras really earned their money
To recreate the chaos of 1920s Manhattan , there needed to be a lot of extras and a lot of costumes . The problem was that Fantastic Beasts was set in December , so the cast were dressed up in overcoats , scarves and gloves - and the crowd scenes were shot in August 2015 . Everyone was sweltering , remembers crowd costumer Gary Hyams , and `` tended to undo their coats or take their scarves off and tuck them into their pockets . ''
7.There are a lot of deliberate similarities between Harry Potter and Credence Barebone
Both are orphans , adopted into loveless families and thrown into the paths of a struggle between good and dark magic .
`` It 's rare that fantasy can touch on something this painful and delicate , '' said actor Ezra Miller , who plays Credence .
Producer David Heyman indicated that Credence 's character and the struggles we see him go through in the film are a metaphor for the dangers of repression .
8.Tina 's trousers were designed to show that she was a modern , forward-thinking type of woman
Costume designer Colleen Atwood made the decision to put Katherine Waterston 's character in trousers ( something that was not all that common for women in the 1920s ) as a way of demonstrating Tina 's independent side .
9.The Demiguise was 'babysitting ' the young Occamy
Ever wonder why , in Fantastic Beasts , Dougal the Demiguise escaped ?
We always assumed that the mysterious ape-like creature with a talent for invisibility just saw his chance and decided to make a run for it . But the truth , it turns out , is a lot more aww-inducing .
According to Redmayne , in the script Dougal ventures out solely in order to protect the lost young Occamy .
JK Rowling apparently came up with the idea that the Demiguise should show a caring instinct while the creature was still in the design stage .
10.The chilling MACUSA execution pool was inspired by a Saatchi Gallery installation
According to the film 's VFX supervisor Christian Manz , the disturbing , memory-absorbing pool seen in the film was designed to resemble a Saatchi Gallery artwork `` where there was oil with a perfect reflection on the surface '' .
Although the installation in question is n't named , it sounds as if Manz is referring to artist Richard Wilson 's 20:50 , a permanent piece in which an entire room at the gallery is filled with smooth black engine oil .
From charging slaughterhouse workers for their knives to compensating staff with tanning salon vouchers , German employers are coming up with creative ways to avoid paying a new minimum wage , angering unions .
Chancellor Angela Merkel 's government introduced Germany 's first nationwide wage floor of 8.50 euros per hour early this year . The law was the brainchild of the Social Democrats ( SPD ) , who made it a condition of joining Merkel 's coalition in 2013 .
The centre-left party argued that it was a necessary response to the sharp rise in low-wage jobs over the past decade . Some 3.7 million people were expected to benefit .
But in the months since it went into effect it has become clear that not everyone is taking home more pay . The NGG food and catering union is fielding up to 400 calls a day from people who say their employers are finding ways to circumvent the law .
`` We 're seeing some employers display an awful lot of creativity to get round paying the minimum wage , '' Burkhard Siebert of the NGG said .
He said some workers were no longer getting paid for overtime . Others are being charged for drinks and clothing they are required to wear on the job .
German Labour Minister Andrea Nahles has admitted to implementation problems but said she had not yet heard anything to suggest the law may need to be changed . The far-left Linke party say it was `` botched '' and contains too many loopholes .
Butchers have complained that they must pay a fee of up to 100 euros per month to use knives they need to cut meat . Bakers say they are being paid in buns and bread instead of cash .
Bernd Bischoff , who runs an advice center for contractors in the city of Oldenburg , said the meat industry was especially affected . Workers from southeast Europe were being charged more for accommodation to offset the cost of higher wages .
Last week a survey by pollster Infratest dimap showed 15 percent of Germans had heard about employers sidestepping the minimum wage from friends and family . Some 3 percent said they were directly affected .
Among them is 66-year-old Juergen Schluens , who used to earn around 6.30 euros per hour delivering papers in the village of Witzwort close to the North Sea .
Once the new wage law took effect , he says his boss reduced the premium he received for starting work at 4.45 a.m. and demanded that he get the job done in half the time .
`` The minimum wage of 8.50 euros per hour was paid on paper but my boss said I could only take 52 minutes to do my round , '' he told Reuters . `` I needed about 94 minutes -- and I should know as I 've been doing the job for nearly 11 years . ''
He wrote a note of complaint to his boss and says his contract was subsequently terminated without notice , prompting him to take his employer to court . Schluens ' employer did not respond to a request for comment .
Unions report cases of bakeries , a solarium and a gym giving staff coupons to use on site rather than paying the minimum wage . A baker who refused such an offer was told to give the vouchers to her husband , the NGG said .
Other workers have had their holiday entitlement reduced or premiums for working nights , holidays and Sundays slashed .
Firms breaking the law face fines of up to 500,000 euros .
But it 's not bad news for everyone . Uwe Schlegel , a Cologne lawyer , advises small firms on how to get around the minimum wage legally . Demand for his services is `` extremely high '' .
Emma Stone has topped the Forbes list ranking the highest-paid actresses of the year .
The reigning Best Actress Oscar champ , who took home the trophy for La La Land in February , has dethroned Jennifer Lawrence who had topped the list for two years running .
Stone banked a total of $ 26 million before tax over the 12-month scoring period held by Forbes .
Jennifer Aniston is in second place with total earnings of $ 25.5m while Lawrence comes in at number three with $ 24m ( she topped the list last year with $ 46m ) .
According to Forbes , the majority of Stone 's takings was generated from Damien Chazelle 's musical La La Land which had global box office takings of over $ 445m .
Aniston 's haul is due to her endorsements deals with Emirates Airlines , Smartwater and Aveeno as well as her role in upcoming film The Yellow Birds .
Lawrence 's comes from her Dior deal and her role in Darren Aronofsky 's forthcoming psychological horror Mother !
Rounding out the top five are Melissa McCarthy ( $ 18m ) and Mila Kunis ( $ 15.5m ) with Beauty and the Beast star Emma Watson the top ten 's sole newcomer with $ 14m .
1 . Emma Stone - $ 26m
2 . Jennifer Aniston - $ 25.5m
3 . Jennifer Lawrence- $ 24m
4 . Melissa McCarthy - $ 18m
5 . Mila Kunis - $ 15.5m
6= . Emma Watson - $ 14m
6= . Charlize Theron - $ 14m
8= . Cate Blanchett - $ 12m
8= . Julia Roberts - $ 12m
10 . Amy Adams - $ 10.5m
Transformers star Mark Wahlberg tops the male list with $ 68m .
The world 's 10 best-paid actors earned a total of $ 488.5m in the past year , Forbes magazine calculated .
That 's almost three times more than their female counterparts , who took home $ 172.5m between them .
Another 13 men earned more than Stone between June 2016 and June 2017 , according to Forbes - including Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson , Jackie Chan and her La La Land co-star Ryan Gosling .
1 . Mark Wahlberg - $ 68m
2 . Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson - $ 65m
3 . Vin Diesel - $ 54.5m
4 . Adam Sandler - $ 50.5m
5 . Jackie Chan - $ 49m
6 . Robert Downey Jr - $ 48m
7 . Tom Cruise - $ 43m
8 . Shah Rukh Khan - $ 38m
9 . Salman Khan - $ 37m
10 . Akshay Kumar - $ 35.5m
Stone recently waded in on Hollywood 's gender wage gap issue stating that her male co-stars have previously taken pay cuts in a bid to ensure equality .
She said : “ If my male co-star , who has a higher quote than me but believes we are equal , takes a pay cut so that I can match him , that changes my quote in the future and changes my life . ”
Forbes writer Natalie Robehmed said the pay disparity was down to the types of roles on offer .
She wrote : `` In release schedules dominated by superhero movies and brawny blockbusters , there are simply fewer parts for women that pay the sizeable backend profits that result in leading men 's large paydays , or the franchise sequels that permit aggressive negotiation for favorable deals . ''
Goldman Sachs , known for advising the world 's richest and most powerful , is building a so-called robo-adviser geared to affluent customers , according to a job listing posted on the bank 's website .
A Goldman spokesman declined to comment .
The job posting for employees to help build the platform comes as Goldman is looking at ways to broaden its customer base outside the super wealthy , including making deeper inroads into new consumer-focused businesses .
The bank last year launched Marcus , its first major foray into consumer lending , as well as a complementary deposit-taking platform after acquiring GE Capital 's online bank . It also acquired Honest Dollar , an online retirement savings platform for small businesses and startups .
The robo platform would sit within the bank 's rapidly growing investment management division , according to the ad . The unit , which Goldman has been trying to build out in recent years to diversify its revenue , posted a record $ 1.38 trillion in assets under supervision at the end of 2016 .
Goldman has for years grappled with how to tap into the mass affluent segment , broadly defined as those with less than $ 1 million in investable assets , without diluting the brand of its private wealth business which is considered a jewel within the bank , according to people familiar with the matter . Goldman 's US private wealth business typically advises clients with an account size of around $ 50 million .
Goldman has in the past considered expanding Ayco , a wealth advisory firm it purchased in 2003 , as a way to push more deeply into the mass affluent segment , the people added .
While the robo-advice market was initially developed by startups such as Wealthfront and Betterment with ambitions of upending the traditional financial advice sector , large firms such as Charles Schwab and Vanguard have launched similar services .
Other large firms are partnering with or buying existing players .
UBS and Wells Fargo are partnering with online financial adviser SigFig , while BlackRock acquired FutureAdvisor .
Morgan Stanley is launching its own robo-advisor later this year , primarily for the children of its existing clients . CEO James Gorman has said that firms which combine digital and human advice will be more successful in the future .
Finding a four-leaf clover , carrying a rabbit 's foot , and crossing your fingers are considered symbols of good luck by many . Athletes famously engage in superstitious rituals—basketball legend Michael Jordan reportedly wore the same pair of shorts under his NBA uniform for every game , and tennis star Serena Williams ties her shoelaces the same way before every match and always bounces the tennis ball five times before her first serve . Good luck superstitions exist in cultures all over the world . Here are 13 of them .
1 . THROW BROKEN DISHES AT HOUSES // DENMARK
In Denmark , people save their broken dishes throughout the year in anticipation of throwing them on New Year ’ s Eve . Danes chuck the broken plates at their friends ' and family ’ s houses as a way to wish the recipient good luck in the year to come . Some Danish children opt to leave a pile of broken dishes on the doorsteps of their friends and neighbors , in a less aggressive manner of wishing prosperity .
Peng Liyuan , the wife of Chinese president Xi Jinping , looked stunning in a midnight blue gown at tonight 's lavish white-tie dinner held in Buckingham Palace hosted by the Queen and Prince Philip .
52-year-old Peng Liyuan , who is on a state visit of the UK with her husband , wore a sophisticated blue tailored gown with mid-length sleeves and high collar set off with a white belt and clutch , and a pearl and diamond brooch and drop earrings .
It was the former soprano 's third glamorous outfit of the day . In the Houses of Parliament this afternoon she wore an elegant grey tailored coat with a dove grey silk pussy bow blouse , while this morning she wore a simple white dress suit with embroidered pockets and a leaf motif brooch when meeting the Queen .
This morning , wearing a simple white dress suit , Peng looked relaxed and elegant as she was greeted by the Queen , Prince Philip , Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall .
Cabinet members including David Cameron and Theresa May were also on hand to welcome the couple .
Following a meeting this morning with Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall at the exclusive Mandarin Oriental hotel in Knightsbridge , the couple were met at the Horse Guards Parade by a host of UK dignitaries .
As she strode alongside Camilla en route to the welcome ceremony , the pair appeared to chat casually , signalling a warmer friendship could develop between the two countries over the coming days .
Teaming her tailored suit with a pair of black patent heels , the glamorous 52-year-old seemed to be revelling in the company of the royals at the start of the couple 's short stay on UK soil .
Although it 's unclear the designer behind the outfit , Ms Peng is said to be a big fan of Chinese couturier Ma Ke , who she 's worn frequently since 2003 .
Camilla and Ms Peng continued to chat at they travelled in a royal car together . Camilla , propped up by a white cushion appeared to be gesticulating at the first lady to get her point across .
Arriving at the Horse Guards Parade , the Chinese first lady enjoyed a warm reception from legions of fans who had gathered to greet the presidential couple .
The party then embarked on a state carriage procession along the Mall to Buckingham Palace .
This afternoon President Xi addressed MPs and peers in the Royal Gallery of Parliament .
In her second outfit change of the day , Peng Liyuan wore a grey double-breasted knee-length tailored coat with a silver Oriental print complemented by a dove grey silk pussy bow blouse .
She donned the same outfit to meet the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall at Clarence House , London , for China tea .
Two thirds of cancers are unavoidable even if you live a healthy life , a study has shown .
Scientists in the US found cancers are caused by random mistakes in the genetic code that occur when cells divide .
The findings challenge the widespread view that cancer mutations are generally inherited or triggered by environmental factors .
Instead , the vast majority of cancers are probably down to unlucky defects in replicating DNA that occur out of the blue , they suggest .
Lead scientist Dr Cristian Tomasetti , from Johns Hopkins Kimmel Cancer Center in the US , said : `` It is well-known that we must avoid environmental factors such as smoking to decrease our risk of getting cancer .
`` But it is not as well-known that each time a normal cell divides and copies its DNA to produce two new cells , it makes multiple mistakes .
`` These copying mistakes are a potent source of cancer mutations that historically have been scientifically undervalued , and this new work provides the first estimate of the fraction of mutations caused by these mistakes . ''
The research , published in the journal Science , indicates that almost two-thirds of cancer-causing mutations are due to DNA copying errors .
The discovery helps explain why cancer often strikes people who follow all the rules of healthy living and have no family history of the disease .
Cancers triggered by copying errors could occur `` no matter how perfect the environment '' , according to co-author Dr Bert Vogelstein , also from the Johns Hopkins Kimmel Cancer Center .
He said : `` We need to continue to encourage people to avoid environmental agents and lifestyles that increase their risk of developing cancer mutations .
`` However , many people will still develop cancers due to these random DNA copying errors , and better methods to detect all cancers earlier , while they are still curable , are urgently needed . ''
The team studied mutations that drive abnormal cell growth in 32 different types of cancer .
Using DNA sequencing and epidemiological data , they developed a mathematical system of assessing the role of genetic copying errors in cancer .
The results showed that it generally took two or more critical gene mutations to trigger cancer .
In some cancer types , such as those affecting the prostate , brain and bone , more than 95 % of the harmful mutations were due to random DNA copying errors .
Copying mistakes were linked to 77 % of pancreatic cancers but only 35 % of lung cancers , which were mostly triggered by smoking and other environmental factors .
Overall , 66 % of cancer mutations resulted from copying errors , 29 % from lifestyle or environmental factors , and just 5 % from inherited faulty genes .
The researchers compared DNA copying errors to `` typos '' in a written manuscript .
`` You can reduce your chance of typographical errors by making sure you 're not drowsy while typing and that your keyboard is n't missing some keys , '' said Dr Vogelstein .
`` But typos will still occur because no-one can type perfectly . ''
Professor Mel Greaves , director of the Centre for Evolution and Cancer at The Institute of Cancer Research in London , said : `` Even if , as this study suggests , most individual cancer mutations are due to random chance , the researchers admit that the cancers they cause may still be preventable .
`` We have good evidence to show that cancer is caused by a complex mix of environmental exposures , inherited risk , and random chance .
`` And while the genes we inherit from our parents are unreturnable and many chance events are non-negotiable , fortunately for us , exposures are major contributors to our risk of cancer and offer a route to risk reduction or prevention . ''
Finland has started a radical experiment : It 's giving 2,000 citizens a guaranteed income , with funds that keep flowing whether participants work or not .
The program , which kicks off this month , is one of the first efforts to test a `` universal basic income . '' Participants will receive €560 ( $ 587 ) a month -- money that is guaranteed regardless of income , wealth or employment status .
The idea is that a universal income offers workers greater security , especially as technological advances reduce the need for human labor . It will also allow unemployed people to pick up odd jobs without losing their benefits .
The initial program will run for a period of two years . Participants were randomly selected , but had to be receiving unemployment benefits or an income subsidy . The money they are paid through the program will not be taxed .
If the program is successful , it could be expanded to include all adult Finns .
The Finnish government thinks the initiative could save money in the long run . The country 's welfare system is complex and expensive to run , and simplifying it could reduce costly bureaucracy .
The change could also encourage more jobless people to look for work , because they wo n't have to worry about losing unemployment benefits . Some unemployed workers currently avoid part time jobs because even a small income boost could result in their unemployment benefits being canceled .
`` Incidental earnings do not reduce the basic income , so working and ... self-employment are worthwhile no matter what , '' said Marjukka Turunen , the head of the legal unit at Kela , Finland 's social insurance agency .
The idea is not unique to Finland .
Advocates point to the Italian city of Livorno , which started a guaranteed basic income for the city 's 100 poorest families in June . The scheme was extended to further 100 families starting Sunday . They are receiving €500 ( $ 525 ) per month .
Pilot programs are also being discussed in Canada , Iceland , Uganda and Brazil .
Switzerland last year considered giving every adult citizen a guaranteed income of $ 2,500 a month , but the plan was rejected in a referendum . More than 75 % of voters were against the measure .
The best example of a guaranteed income program might actually be in the US . Alaska has been giving out annual cash payments to all residents since the 1980s , a dividend from the state 's oil revenue .
BIEN , a group that campaigns for universal income , describes it as the first `` genuine universal basic income system . ''
1 . This foolproof way to get a good photo of your dog .
2 . These city grates that save high heel wearers a whole lot of trouble .
3 . This surefire way to win an ugly sweater contest .
4 . These `` parking spaces '' for dogs outside of an Ikea in Berlin .
5 . This nail polish that changes colors when dipped into a drink contaminated with a rape drug .
6 . This woman who used her refrigerator 's ice box to make pouring herself chilled white wine a snap .
7 . The wonderfully simple way this artist incorporated his/her surroundings into art .
8 . This strategy for motivating yourself to study .
9 . This bookshop 's `` blind date with a book '' campaign that encourages you to try something new ( and not judge a book by its cover ) .
10 . This convenient cell phone holder for you when you 're doing your business .
11 . This bakery that delivers warm , fresh cookies until three a.m .
12 . This mobile sauna in Budapest that makes it a whole lot easier for people to escape the cold .
13 . This literal cupcake ATM that will quickly satisfy your cupcake craving any time .
14 . These nail covers that will guarantee you never smudge your fresh manicure .
15 . This grocery store that offers kids free fruit so they 're busy snacking - and not whining - while their parents shop .
16 . This epic way to relax at a beach party .
17 . This box of sandals at a wedding that solves the `` I want to wear heels but I also want to dance '' quandary .
18 . This waste receptacle that encourages people to throw away their cigarette butts by letting them vote for the world 's best soccer player .
19 . And this notebook that guarantees you 'll never forget another `` brilliant '' idea when drunk again .
With a few clicks on a keyboard and a swipe of the mouse , we have access to an unprecedented amount of information the likes of which humanity has never seen before .
But if you have a slow internet connection speed , then waiting for that page to load , that video to buffer , or that file to download can feel like an eternity .
Akamai Technologies , a cloud services provider , made a list of the fastest internet connection speeds in the world that shows where the luckiest netizens reside .
Each of these countries or regions is ranked by the average speed of their broadband internet connection in megabits per second ( Mbps ) . And they are all faster than the United States , which ranks 17th in the world in internet connection speed , according the list .
# 10 Finland
Average Mbps : 12.1 . Internet speeds have increased 33 % over the last year .
# 9 Czech Republic
Average Mbps : 12.3 . Internet speeds have increased 8.4 % over the last year .
# 8 Ireland
Average Mbps : 12.7 . Internet speeds have increased 24 % over the last year .
# 7 Latvia
Average Mbps : 13 . Internet speeds have increased 25 % over the last year .
# 6 The Netherlands
Average Mbps : 14.2 . Internet speeds have increased 15 % over the last year .
# 5 Switzerland
Average Mbps : 14.5 . Internet speeds have increased 21 % over the last year .
# 4 Sweden
Average Mbps : 14.6 . Internet speeds have increased 34 % over the last year .
# 3 Japan
Average Mbps : 15.2 . Internet speeds have increased 16 % over the last year .
# 2 Hong Kong
Average Mbps : 16.8 . Internet speeds have increased 37 % over the last year .
# 1 South Korea
Average Mbps : 22.2 . Internet speeds have increased 1.6 % over the last year .
Chinese President Xi Jinping conducted a written interview with Reuters on Sunday , in advance of his state visit to Britain . Following is the full text :
`` Touring is a peculiar thing , it does n't suit me particularly well ... I might never see you again at a live show . Who knows ? But I will remember this for the rest of my life . ''
`` I 'm a real homebody and I get so much joy in the small things . Plus , I 'm dramatic and have a terrible history of touring . Until now that is ! ''
`` I will always write music and I will always put it out . And I hope that you 're always here . ''
1 . `` Be brave and fearless to know that even if you do make a wrong decision , you 're making it for a good reason . ''
2 . “ I do n't date celebrities . I ai n't f -- -- -g Taylor Swift . ”
3 . `` I 've never wanted to look like models on the cover of magazines . I represent the majority of women and I 'm very proud of that . ''
4 . `` If a man whistles at you , do not respond . You are a lady , not a dog . ''
5 . “ When I was eight , I wanted to be 12 . When I turned 12 , I just wanted to be 18 . Then after that I stopped wanting to be older . Now I 'm ticking the 16-24 boxes just to see if I can blag it . ”
6 . `` I 'd rather have lunch with my friends than go to a gym . ''
7 . `` The focus on my appearance has really surprised me . I 've always been a size 14 to 16 , I do n't care about clothes ... ''
8 . “ I flung the middle finger . That was for the suits at the Brit Awards , not my fans . I 'm sorry if I offended anyone , but the suits offended me . ”
9 . “ The only person I 'm afraid of is myself . ”
10 . `` Sometimes you have to allow yourself to be sad , in order to move forward . ''
11 . `` It sounds obvious , but I think you only learn to love again when you fall in love again . ''
12 . `` No matter what you look like , the key is to first of all be happy with yourself . ''
13. `` I love hearing my audience breathe . ''
14 . `` I do n't want to go on a diet , I do n't want to eat a Caesar salad with no dressing , why would I do that ? I ai n't got time for this , just be happy and do n't be stupid . If I 've got a boyfriend and he loves my body then I 'm not worried . ''
15 . `` I have insecurities of course , but I do n't hang out with anyone who points them out to me . ''
16 . `` Life is so much easier when you do n't hoard your past . ''
17 . `` A lot of people try to be brave and not shed a tear . Sometimes when you know someone else feels as s -- -- y as you do , or approaches things in a certain way just like you do , it makes you feel better about yourself . ''
18 . `` There 's only one of you , so why would you want to look like anyone else ? ``
19 . `` I do n't make music for eyes . I make music for ears . ''
20 . `` I 'm ballsy . I have guts . I 'm not afraid of anyone . I think that 's what makes me feel powerful . ''
By not having a child , the carbon footprint of an individual living in a developed country would be reduced on average by an extra 58.6 tons of carbon dioxide every year , based on current emission rates .
This is the biggest impact of all possible actions you could take .
The team from Sweden ’ s Lund University came to this conclusion after conducting an analysis of the things individuals can do to produce less greenhouse gases .
But they found that while we are told to recycle , no government in the western world is advising its citizens to limit their number of offspring .
The study found that the other three main choices people can make in order to cut the amount of carbon dioxide they produce are to eat less meat , get rid of their car , and fly less .
After analyzing 39 studies and government reports assessing the impact individual lifestyle choices make on reducing CO2 levels , the researchers concluded that many of the ‘ green ’ activities governments recommend – such as recycling or fitting energy-saving bulbs – only make small reductions .
Lead author Seth Wynes – who does not have any children – said : ‘ There are so many factors that affect the climate impact of personal choices , but bringing all these studies side-by-side gives us confidence we ’ ve identified actions that make a big difference .
‘ We found there are four actions that could result in substantial decreases in an individual ’ s carbon footprint : eating a plant-based diet , avoiding air travel , living car-free , and having smaller families . ’
He added that these actions ‘ have much greater potential to reduce emissions than commonly promoted strategies ’ .
For example , recycling is four times less effective at reducing greenhouse gases than eating a plant-based diet , while using energy-saving bulbs is eight times less effective .
Living car-free saves about 2.4 tons of CO2 equivalent per year , while eating a plant-based diet saves 0.8 tons .
The impact of having a child is calculated by factoring in not only the extra impact of the child , but also that of their potential future descendants .
Writing in Environmental Research Letters , the authors said : ‘ Persuading a US family to have one less child would provide the same level of emissions reductions as persuading 684 teenagers who do not recycle , to recycle comprehensively for the rest of their lives . ’
The Optimum Population Trust , of which Sir David Attenborough is the patron , has urged parents to ‘ Stop at Two ’ .
In a horrifying trend recently reported by Indian media , poor villagers near the Pilibhit Tiger Reserve are allegedly sending their elderly relatives into the jungle as tiger prey , so they can then claim compensation from the government .
The disturbing tactic was discovered by officials at the Wildlife Crime Control Bureau ( WCCB ) in Uttar Pradesh , who , upon inspecting several mauling sites near the tiger reserve , noticed evidence of foul play . In the most recent case , reported on July 1st , the mauled body of a 55-year-old woman was found in a field near her village , but bits of her clothes were found one kilometer away , in the tiger reserve , and tractor tracks leading into and from the jungle showed that the body had been relocated .
Tigers in the Pilibhit Reserve are allowed to run free , so if people venture into their territory , they are not eligible for compensation from the Indian government . If they are attacked outside the borders of the reserve , however , their families are eligible to receive important sums of money from the state . Following an unusually high number of reported tiger attacks on elderly people from villages near the reserve – seven deaths since February – wildlife officials began to suspect that something was off .
After gathering enough evidence , villagers were accused of deliberately sending elderly members of their communities into the jungle to be killed by the wild animals , so they could then claim compensation from the government . Instead of denying the claims , locals only added that the victims volunteered to forfeit their lives so their families could have a better life .
“ They think that since they can ’ t get resources from the forest , this is the only way their families can escape poverty , ” 60-year-old Jarnail Singh , a farmer , told The Times of India .
Kalim Athar , the WCCB official who arrived at the shocking conclusion after investigating the shocking attacks , has already submitted a report , and told reporters that the matter has been referred to the National Tiger Conservation Authority for further action .
Winning an Oscar is n't all about acting ability .
While the awards claim they recognize the top performances from around the world , a new study has found that you 're more likely to win an Oscar if you 're an American acting in a film that portrays American culture .
And , the same applies to London 's BAFTAs , with British actors more likely to take home an award .
Researchers say the trend suggests viewers are more likely to perceive a performance as 'truly brilliant ' if they are members of the same social group as the actor .
It can be seen , perhaps most famously , in the case of Leonardo DiCaprio , who finally won a long-awaited Oscar last year for his role in The Revenant , which follows the story of an American frontiersman .
But , the trend also stretches back throughout the years .
In 2014 , Matthew McConaughey won an Oscar for his role in Dallas Buyers Club , and Jennifer Lawrence took an award home the year before for Silver Linings Playbook .
Daniel Day-Lewis won an Oscar in 2008 for his role in There Will be Blood .
The findings come from a new study published in the British Journal of Psychology .
The team investigated a total of 908 merit prize winners : 97 winners and 383 nominees for the Oscars , and 97 winners and 331 nominees for the BAFTAs .
Overall , they found that US actors dominated the awards , claiming over 50 percent of the prizes across the Oscars and BAFTAs .
But , they also noted a trend within social groups .
When the performer and judge shared membership within a particular social group － for example , being American – the actor was more likely to win .
American actors were found to win 52 percent of all BAFTAS , but 69 percent of all Oscars .
And , British actors won just 18 percent of all Oscars , but 34 percent of BAFTAs .
The researchers say nationality made a difference among those who actually won awards .
American actors received 67 percent of Oscar nominations , but won 78 percent of the awards .
And , British actors received 31 percent of all BAFTA nominations , but won 42 percent of the awards .
Subject matter played a role , too , according to the researchers .
In the Oscars , Americans who performed in films about non-US culture accounted for just 26 percent of the award winners .
But , those who performed in films about American culture made up 88 percent of the winners .
'Fake ' speed bumps
After a successful trial in 2014 , 'fake ' speed bumps have cropped up in 45 London locations .
The 'bumps ' are actually not bumps at all , but instead 2D optical illusions painted onto the road , designed to slow oncoming drivers .
Another trial in 2016 showed that the bumps reduced the average speed of cars by 3mph , nine months after installation .
Do n't pop the balloon ( or run over the kid )
In 2010 , officials in West Vancouver , Canada trailed a scheme to shock drivers into slowing down , using a similar technique to the one deployed in London for those speed bumps .
The image of a girl chasing a balloon was installed near a primary school , as a reminder to drivers that unexpected objects can appear in the road at a moment 's notice .
The urban crop circle
Last year , Cambridge council came up with their own speed-dampening idea : a roundabout that was n't a roundabout at all .
This cobbled brick junction was designed to put a doubt in the mind of oncoming drivers , who will slow to negotiate the junction .
“ No one has seen anything like it before , but as long as it ’ s not misleading people dangerously , then it ’ s perfectly acceptable to experiment with it , ” said road safety expert Richard Owen at the time .
White lines are red lines
In 2014 , the removal of white lines from roads in three parts of London led to a 13pc reduction in speed of traffic .
The theory is that white lines provide a psychological feeling of confidence to drivers . Take those lines away and you 're left with a sense of unease , hence the slower speeds .
Ewe really should n't speed
On average , three people die every day on country roads - so road safety organisation Think ! came up with the idea of painting sheep with messages to encourage drivers to slow down when navigating winding lanes .
Looking ahead
Samsung are currently testing a 'safety truck ' that shows drivers behind what 's in front , via a 'window ' of TV screens .
US regulators on Wednesday approved the first gene therapy against cancer - a treatment that uses a patient 's own immune cells to fight leukemia - opening a new era in the fight against one of the world 's top killers .
The treatment is made by Novartis and is called Kymriah .
This type of anti-cancer immunotherapy , known as a CAR-T cell therapy , was known by CTL019 until now .
`` This marks the first-ever CAR-T cell therapy to be approved anywhere in the world , '' Novartis CEO Joseph Jimenez told reporters on a conference call .
`` It uses a new approach that is wholly personalized by using a patient 's own T-cells . ''
Kymriah was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for children and young adult patients up to age 25 with a form of acute lymphoblastic leukemia ( ALL ) .
To qualify for treatment , patients must have B-cell precursor ALL that is refractory , or the patient has relapsed at least twice .
The FDA described the approval as `` a historic action '' and a `` new approach to the treatment of cancer and other serious and life-threatening diseases , '' said a statement .
The treatment is not a pill or a form of chemotherapy , which can weaken the body 's natural defenses .
Instead , it harnesses a patient 's own immune cells , called T-cells and white blood cells , and trains them to recognise and fight cancer .
The patient 's immune cells are removed with a special blood filtration process , sent to a lab , and genetically encoded to be able to hunt down cancer cells .
These re-engineered T-cells are then transfused back into the patient , where they can begin attacking leukemia .
Studies have shown that 83 percent of patients responded to the treatment , achieving remission within three months , Novartis said .
An application with the European Medicines Agency is expected to be filed by the end of the year .
The price of Kymriah - which is delivered to a patient just once - is $ 475,000 , said Bruno Strigini , CEO of Oncology at Novartis .
Patients who do not respond to the treatment within the first month would not be expected to pay , he told reporters .
The more common treatment for leukemia - bone marrow transplants - can cost between $ 540,000 and $ 800,000 the first year in the United States , Strigini said .
Meanwhile , outside analyses have set a cost-effective price for Kymriah between $ 600,000 and $ 750,000 , he added .
`` Recognising our responsibility we set the price below that level , '' said Strigini .
Most patients who fit the criteria for treatment would likely be covered by insurance , since they are under 25 and would either be on their parents ' insurance or covered by government-sponsored Medicaid , a Novartis spokesman said .
The treatment was pioneered by Carl June at the University of Pennsylvania .
Its most high-profile patient is Emily Whitehead , now 12 .
Six years ago , she was the first child to receive what was widely considered a risky treatment .
She has been cancer-free ever since .
In 2014 , US regulators designated CTL019 as a `` breakthrough therapy '' and put the experimental immunotherapy agent on the fast track to market approval .
It was the first cancer immunotherapy to receive the breakthrough designation . More are expected to follow in the coming years as the field of immunotherapy grows .
A 16m-high glass church in the shape of a high-heeled shoe has been built in Taiwan , apparently in a bid to attract more women .
A huge glass ... what ?
Yes , you read that right : a glass church , shaped just like a vast high-heeled shoe as if lost by a titan Cinderella while racing through Chaiyi .
Made out of over 320 tinted glass panels , the shiny blue building measures more than 10m wide and cost about T $ 23m .
Aerial footage taken in the area also showed the size and scale of the waterfront church , including an open blue stage with spotlights .
It 's set to open its doors to the public on 8 February , just in time for Chinese New Year .
Who was the shoe-maker ?
It is the creation of local officials in the Southwest Coast Scenic Area , a prominent tourist area in Taiwan , which decided to build it last June .
But Pan Tsuei-ping , its recreation section manager , told the BBC that the church will not be used for regular services , but pre-wedding photo shoots and wedding ceremonies .
`` In our planning , we want to make it a blissful , romantic avenue… Every girl imagines how they will look like when they become the bride , '' Ms Pan told the BBC .
The shoe was inspired by a local story . According to officials in the 1960s , a 24-year-old girl surnamed Wang from the impoverished region suffered from Blackfoot disease . Both of her legs had to be amputated , leading to the cancellation of her wedding . She remained unmarried and spent the rest of her life at a church .
The high heel is intended to honour her memory .
To attract women ?
This does appear to be the reason behind the design .
`` There will be 100 female-oriented features in the church like maple leaves , chairs for lovers , biscuits and cakes , '' a spokesman Zheng Rongfeng is quoted as saying in local media .
`` It will be tailored to women , especially female tourists visiting the area . ''
What women want ( and actually think )
It has not been an unqualified success , at least on social media . One Taiwan netizen wrote , `` Besides copying , what kind of standard does this church have ? ''
Women apparently do n't all want glass slippers . From another user : `` Why do n't people say that it 's objectifying women this time… ''
Comments streamed in from the Chinese mainland too : `` What were the authorities thinking when they commission such a hideous-looking building in the area ? `` said one user on popular Chinese microblogging site Weibo .
Another user Jessie Chou said , perhaps with some disdain : `` I wear flip flops anyway '' .
But some female users leapt to its defence : `` If the shoe fits , why not wear it ? I like it , it looks better than most modern churches anyway , '' said Lao Fu Qing .
Another user from Shandong said : `` Most girls love fairytales , it 's great that officials want to focus on women for once . ''
When asked about how many books have been published throughout history , no expert can give a definite answer for this question . True enough to say that to be included in the list of popular books is a priceless honor and of course a transitory blaze of glory to the authors . What more can we expect when by virtue of popularity a book is adapted on the wide screen ? Here 's a sneak of ten popular books which film makers set eyes on :
1 : THE LORD OF THE RINGS ( 1954 )
The Lord of the Rings , a three volume fantasy adventure epic authored by J.R.R . Tolkien has acquired what is in all truth a justified air of victory as it is the second best selling novel ever written with over 150 million copies sold . This highly praised novel is a cliff hanging trilogy , namely , The Fellowship of the Ring , The Two Towers and the Return of the King . It elicits an indulgent escape from reality and takes the readers to the fictitious world of Middle Earth . Indulgently mindset to destroy the One Ring the weapon of evil , Frodo Baggins , the young hobbit vigilantly surpasses all the terrifying obstacles and dark forces . The One Ring is bound to be returned to Mordor , the only place where it can be destroyed ; unfortunately this place is also the Dark Lords lair . The search is a never-ending maze as the One Ring has the mind power to transfer from one owner to another and the Dark Lords wrath continues to destroy the Middle-Earth . Not surprisingly , Frodos quest is a treacherous labyrinth which does n't throw even a few crumbs of comfort .
2 : A WALK TO REMEMBER ( 1950 )
Nicholas Sparks had to write to divert his depression and pity for his sister , who is dying from cancer , hence the absolutely romantic novel , A Walk to Remember was born . Driven by emotion , A Walk to Remember conveys giving in to destiny and holding on to the test of faith , hope and love . Landon Carter , an aimless , moody , and stunning hunk in Beaufont High departs from his glamorous world for the girl he is least likely to fall for , the last person he would choose to date and the girl who is totally his opposite . Call it fate or destiny , Landon was left with no option but to seek Jamies helpful hands , the chance that triggered the breath-taking realization that this guy who makes use of his looks to cope in school is irresistibly in love with the girl he once called old fashioned . Loving Jamie took him worlds away from the world he used to know , yet he lets the love take him worlds away . Not until , Jamie had to give in to destiny , they both need to face the twist of fate , tear drenched but they need to be strong and cling to their only hope .
3 : BEASTLY ( 2006 )
Who does n't know the fairy tale , Beauty and the Beast ? For the sake of modernity , Alex Finn wrote a new version of this tale focusing on the beasts perspective which she entitled Beastly . Transformation this word would push readers to take grips to discover in this timely piece . Kyle Kingsbury- tall , blonde , rich and handsome son of Manhattan News anchor ; Lindy Owen- a plain girl with red hair , green eyes and crooked teeth and the daughter of a drug lord ; Kendra Hilferty the witch who was disgraced and punished to work as a servant in New York City ; the blind tutor and his dog . Behold ! Their lives are intertwined with all bewitching , amazing and mysterious unforgettable occurrences to create the reminiscent of the beast . Beastly , though this creature appears , has a heart that grieves and repents and a love that is pure . Unfortunately this heart and love are boxed in the beasts new found world .
4 : SCHINDLER 'S LIST ( 1952 )
In the midst of brutality from the death camps in the NAZI occupied Poland , Mr. Oskar Schindler outrageously risked his life and rescued more than 1,100 Jews . This heroic deed of Mr. Schindler inspired Thomas Keneally to recollect the true story from the real survivors of the Holocaust and from Mr. Oskar chandler himself and to condense every single detail in the documentary novel entitled Shcindler 's List or more commonly known as Schindler 's Ark among the British . A significant part of history unfolds in each chapter . Each page reveals the lamentations and sufferings of the Jews who were tortured by the horrible iron hands of the unmerciful German troops . In between the torments , rises the flamboyant , German profiteer and womanizer Schindler in favor of the Jews . No guns , no armory , no troops , he won and saved thousands of lives . This documentary novel unravels Mr. Schindler 's sublime effort and innate confidence : an overdose of rare and precious principles that uncaps his bottled virtue .
5 : THE SECRET GARDEN ( 1911 )
A novel by Frances Hodgson Burnett `` The Secret Garden '' depicts the childlike adventures of Mary Lennox , a rich , spoiled , unaffectionate and unwanted British young girl who was abandoned in their house in India . Being left alone she has to live with her uncle in England , the very place where Mary explores the unknown . This girl experiences an irresistible invitation to discover two big secrets in the house where she lives . What lies behind the locked gate ? Who weeps behind the locked door ? The revelation of these secrets opens up a whole , new and colorful world yet elicits brand new secrets to keep .
Most couples hope it wo n't rain on their big day , and they certainly do n't expect the worst flooding in decades .
But that 's exactly what happened for two unlucky couples in Cumbria this weekend , who tied the knot despite 'unprecedented ' scenes which saw homes , cars and roads submerged in rising flood waters .
As the soon-to-be wed couples prepared to exchange their vows , guests could be seen battling heavy downpours and high winds as they scrambled to get inside the respective venues .
And determined wedding photographer Tiree Dawson was on hand to capture every moment of both of the couples ' big days – right down to the wellington boots they needed to avoid the 13.5 inches of floodwater .
Ms Dawson , 37 , a wedding photographer from Crosthwaite , outside Kendal , waded through freezing waist-deep water to make the first of her Lake District nuptials on Saturday , before hitching a lift in a tractor to get to Sunday 's ceremony .
But the photographer of six years was rewarded with stunning shots of bedraggled guests arriving and romantic photographs of one set of newlyweds kissing in a flooded road in their wellies .
She said : 'In the midst of Storm Desmond , the Lake District was hosting a huge number of weddings - I had two weddings to shoot over the weekend and it was a challenge to say the least .
'I am Cumbrian born and bred and so sad about what has happened to our lovely county .
'It would mean the world to me to get word out there about some of the positive stories from the weekend - amazingly dedicated small businesses who have well and truly gone the extra mile to make sure couples had their special day no matter what . '
It 's official : Johnny Depp is the most overpaid actor in Hollywood – and anyone who has had the misfortune to sit through his most recent flop Mortdecai will wholeheartedly concur with the verdict .
A new Forbes list shows that in 2015 , the average return on each dollar Depp was paid to star in a film was just $ 1.20 .
The time period for the calculation was between July 2014 and June 2015 : incorporating the aforementioned Mortdecai – described as by the Telegraph ’ s Robbie Collin as the mort de cinema – but unfortunately excluding Depp ’ s more successful recent film Black Mass , which has been hailed by some critics as a return to form for the actor .
Prior to the release of Mortdecai , several of Depp 's previous films , including Transcendence ( 2014 ) and The Lone Ranger ( 2013 ) , also bombed at the box office .
But , while the quality ( and the overall takings ) of his films might have slumped , the size of Depp 's pay cheques has n't followed quite the same trajectory : for whatever reasons , Hollywood bosses still see the 52-year-old actor as an asset worth paying for .
In second place on the list is Denzel Washington , with returns of $ 6.50 per dollar of pay , while Will Ferrell falls into third place .
There are no women on the list all ; this year , all 10 of the most overpaid Hollywood actors of 2015 are male .
The full Forbes list can be read below :
1 . Johnny Depp : $ 1.20 per $ 1
2 . Denzel Washington : $ 6.50 per $ 1
3 . Will Ferrell : $ 6.80 per $ 1
4 . Liam Neeson : $ 7.80 per $ 1
5 . Will Smith : $ 8.60 per $ 1
6 . Christian Bale : $ 9.20 per $ 1
7 . Channing Tatum : $ 10.80 per $ 1
8 . Brad Pitt : $ 12.00 per $ 1
9 . Ben Affleck : $ 12.30 per $ 1
10 . Tom Cruise : $ 13.60 per $ 1
You 've done your shopping but there 's just one thing missing , the thing you absolutely do n't need but somehow still want to set yourself apart ?
Look no further . French luxury brand Chanel has your back : a boomerang for $ 1,460 . A hefty price tag .
Surely it must be designed by a famous indigenous artist . Sadly , no .
The indigenous community in Australia says this is yet another example of crass cultural appropriation .
The item is listed on Chanel 's website under Other Accessories in the 2017 Spring-Summer pre-collection , along with other gadgets like a pair of beach rackets with balls for £2,860 .
Spending a little extra to give you that air of luxury should of course not come as a surprise when it comes to brands in the league of Chanel .
It 's the name you pay for and the perceived status that comes with it and Chanel will likely not be bothered about having that pointed out to them .
But accusations of offending or even humiliating an entire indigenous culture are a different ball game and the French luxury brand certainly is feeling some heat .
`` It 's simply a misappropriation of aboriginal culture , '' Gabrielle Sullivan , chief executive of the Indigenous Arts Code , tells the BBC .
Her organisation has been lobbying against imported and mass produced fake aboriginal artefacts for years .
`` Chanel is a big company and they really should know better . I do n't see how this is different from a cheap fake boomerang sold at the airport . It 's just an expensive version of this . ''
A cultural symbol
Boomerangs have traditionally been used by Australia 's indigenous people as a hunting weapon .
But they are more than that , explains aboriginal artist Bibi Barba . They carry significant cultural attachments , are used to pass culture and tradition from one generation to the next .
`` They are a cultural symbol for us , '' she tells the BBC . `` A lot [ of ] indigenous artists do artwork on them and this artwork is different in different parts of the country , it holds different meaning . ''
But it 's not just the artwork on the boomerangs that carries cultural signifiers and tradition - even things like the selection process for the wood is of crucial importance .
Boomerangs are still made by artists in the indigenous community and are popular tourist souvenirs in the country . But most of the boomerangs that tourists carry back home are not made by local communities but mass produced - in many cases not even in Australia .
The Indigenous Arts Code launched a campaign earlier this year to ban imported fake artefacts .
The whole point , Ms Sullivan explains , is that `` mass-production is taking away the potential for aboriginal people and artists to sell authentic products . ''
The lack of cultural sensitivity combined with the hefty price tag is a perfect set-up for cynicism and ridicule .
So what should Chanel do ? The backlash on social media in the past two days since the boomerang appeared on their website has already sparked a first reaction .
`` Chanel is extremely committed to respecting all cultures , and regrets that some may have felt offended , '' the French company said in a statement .
The luxury copycat
But just being sorry might not cut it . The countless comments range from witty jokes to straight-forward criticism , calls for apologies but also demand for compensation .
It 's a demand that artist Bibi Barba could n't agree more with .
`` They should donate the money they make with this to the campaign against fake culture so we can lobby the government to do something about this problem , '' she says .
`` This current case gets a lot of attention because it 's Chanel . But it happens on a huge scale and it happens all the time . Not just with boomerangs but with paintings , didgeridoos and other things . ''
And she points out the irony of the bigger picture .
`` Chanel and other luxury fashion brands hate it when people steal their logos and make copies of their products . ''
`` So it would be a good point for them to make amends . ''
People born in the summer are more likely to be healthy than those who arrive during other times of the year , new research suggests .
The phenomenon could be caused by mothers getting more sun in pregnancy - and passing on higher quantities of vitamin D to their unborn infant .
A study of almost half a million British adults found babies born in June , July , and August were heavier at birth and taller as adults .
For the first time the research also revealed girls born in the summer started puberty later - an indication of better health in adult life .
Early puberty in girls has been linked with a higher risk of diabetes , heart disease or breast cancer .
Study author Dr John Perry , of Cambridge University , said : 'When you were conceived and born occurs largely `` at random '' .
'It 's not affected by social class , your parents ' ages or their health - so looking for patterns with birth month is a powerful study design to identify influences of the environment before birth . '
His team compared the growth and development of around 450,000 men and women from the UK Biobank study - a major national health resource that provides data on UK volunteers to shed light on the development of diseases .
Previous research has shown children born between June and October are likely to be slightly taller and have bigger bones than winter-born children - believed to be related to vitamin D exposure during pregnancy .
Babies born in autumn and winter are more likely to develop food allergies - with sunlight exposure during pregnancy and vitamin D levels also thought to play a role in this .
Asthma is also more common in autumn-born children - and one theory for this is increased exposure to allergens , such as house dust mites , during the first few months of life - because of the worse weather .
The team found that children born in the summer were slightly heavier at birth , taller as adults and went through puberty slightly later than those born in winter months .
As early as the 1930s researchers noticed children born in winter were more prone to health problems later in life - slower growth , mental illness and even early death .
Among the proposed explanations were diseases , harsh temperatures and higher pollution levels associated with winter when those expectant mothers and near-term foetuses might be most vulnerable .
But being born in summer can have drawbacks - such as an increased risk of short-sightedness .
It 's thought sunshine interferes with the delicate development of the eye - making focusing difficult and distant objects appear blurred .
With Wonder Woman fast approaching cinemas — and with good first reactions to boot — many fans are growing increasingly excited for the DC film .
The Alamo Drafthouse Austin has decided to host a women-only screening of the superhero adventure , writing on their website : “ The most iconic superheroine in comic book history finally has her own movie , and what better way to celebrate than with an all-female screening ? ”
Everyone working at the screening — venue staff , projectionist , culinary team — will also be female , the cinema urging women to “ lasso your geeky girlfriends together and grab your tickets to this celebration of one of the most enduring and inspiring characters ever created . ”
Of course , men have begun complaining about the event , labelling the celebratory event ‘ tacky ’ , ‘ against equality ’ , and questioning whether ‘ men ’ s only screenings ’ will become regular .
“ Very tacky Alamo , ” wrote Allan Dale . “ I 'm all for equality and having a screening specifically stating it is not inclusive to everyone , is against equality . I 'm not saying Alamo did this intentionally , but it is still just wrong . ”
“ Great , let us know when you have guys-only screenings of Thor , Spider-Man , Star Wars , etc , ” commented Mike Canales . “ Let 's see you walk the walk now that you set this precedence . ”
Bradley Lucio noted : “ Could you imagine the anger and outrage from the liberal staff of Alamo if Trump held an all male screening at the white house or even if another theatre did an all male screening ? ”
Thankfully , the Alamo Drafthouse stuck by their screening , writing widely sarcastic replies to each comment , one of the best being : “ We 've never done showings where you had to be a man to get in , but we *did* show the Entourage movie a few years ago . ”
Soon enough , the screening sold out , the cinema announcing that a second woman-only Wonder Woman screening will happen .
The tweet quickly went viral , reaching 1 million retweets in two days .
It was shared by global companies including Apple Music , Microsoft , Amazon , Google and Twitter itself , and celebrities including Breaking Bad star Aaron Paul .
Other companies replied to the teenager with their own offers , including United Airlines , which said it would fly him to a Wendy 's restaurant in any of the cities it serves .
Carter 's plea broke Ellen DeGeneres ' record when he passed 3,430,249 retweets on Tuesday .
A spokesperson for Wendy 's said : `` We did n't expect Carter 's response , and we could n't anticipate the overwhelming support he has received . ''
The company has donated $ 100,000 to charity in his name .
The money will go to the Dave Thomas Foundation for Adoption , a US charity set up in 1992 by the founder of Wendy 's . The charity works to find permanent homes for children in foster care .
The record for the most retweets was previously held by Ellen DeGeneres , for her 2014 Oscars selfie .
The photo , which featured Bradley Cooper , Jennifer Lawrence , Kevin Spacey and Meryl Streep among others , had 2.1 million retweets by the end of the awards ceremony .
`` Stop it right now , '' she joked . `` I worked so hard to set that record… and this guy asked for nuggets ? ''
The ( PR ) industry has a word for this type of activity : 'brand-jacking ' . While not hugely original , it can be successful . It shows the importance of reacting quickly to trending topics on social media .
From a PR point of view , they 've played a blinder . Most brands would probably have ignored the tweet or given a bland response , but by reacting with humour , Wendy 's has created a vast amount of positive exposure and goodwill .
Love them or hate them , Crocs — the rubber clogs that started out in 2002 as boater-floaters for Jimmy Buffett types in Florida but have now sold more than 300 million pairs in 90 countries — are here to stay .
Treasured for their comfort , rubberiness and floatability , they ’ re equally popular with toddlers and Mario Batali .
“ They are great at the dog park or in the backyard where I am likely to step in something that is very difficult to clean off sneakers but comes off easily with a hose or a wipe from my clogs , ” one wearer writes in an Amazon review .
Fair .
“ Great protection for toes and great to lounge around . Also great for travel in tropics with aquatic activities , ” another says .
Good points , all .
Crocs are affordable , and at this point , classic ... but what do podiatrists — you know , actual doctors who want you to live your best life — think about them ?
They ’ re not fans — at least not the doctors we spoke with .
“ Unfortunately Crocs are not suitable for all-day use , ” Dr. Megan Leahy , a Chicago-based podiatrist with the Illinois Bone and Joint Institute , told HuffPost . While she granted that they “ offer nice arch support , ” she added that the real reason you shouldn ’ t wear them over long periods of time is that “ these shoes do not adequately secure the heel . When the heel is unstable , toes tend to grip which can lead to tendinitis , worsening of toe deformities , nail problems , corns and calluses . The same thing can happen with flip flops or any backless shoes as the heel is not secured . ”
Dr. Alex Kor , the president of the American Academy of Podiatric Sports Medicine , told HuffPost that the most important feature in any shoe is the shank , the supportive structure between the heel and the toe . “ Patients are more likely to have foot pain if their shoes bend in the shank , ” said Kor .
Crocs , according to Kor , “ are the ‘ poster child ’ for shoes with a flexible shank . ... In other words , on a daily basis , I see patients who come into my office complaining of arch or heel pain and they are wearing Crocs , ” he said .
“ The only two types of patients that may benefit from wearing Crocs are patients that have a very high arch or those who suffer from excessive edema of their legs and ankle , ” Kor said . “ But , under no circumstances can I suggest wearing Crocs 8 to 10 hours per day . ”
Leahy agreed , telling HuffPost that Crocs are “ OK to use for trips to the beach or the pool , but should not be used for long walks . I do notice that children ( and even adults ) tend to trip and fall more in these shoes . ”
If you ’ re going to walk out with your Croc out , it ’ s best to do it in short intervals , lest you take a walk in Florida , where the Croc was born , trip into the marsh and fall into the mouth of a waiting crocodile , thus completing Mother Nature ’ s circle of life :
Divided into two parts , the air show trade days from June 19 to 22 are reserved to trade visitors only . And from June 23 to 25 will be public days for general visitors .
According to the organizers , about 2,380 exhibitors from 91 countries will bring some 130 new civil and military aircraft expected to perform flying displays and to be exhibited .
The Paris Air Show ( Salon international de l'aéronautique et de l'espace de Paris-Le Bourget , Salon du Bourget ) claims to be the world 's calendar-oldest air show . Established in 1909 , since 1949 it has been held every odd year at Paris–Le Bourget Airport in north Paris , France .
The Paris Air Show is organised by the French aerospace industry 's primary representative body , the Groupement des industries françaises aéronautiques et spatiales ( GIFAS ) .
It is a large commercial event , with a major purpose being to demonstrate military and civilian aircraft to potential customers . It claims to be the most prestigious aircraft exposition in the world .
AVIC has a model of the FC-31 on display at the 52nd International Paris Air Show . This has been the first time the State-owned aircraft giant brought its latest stealth fighter jet to a Western air show and the second time for the FC-31 to be shown at a foreign exhibition .
China is determined to tap the military aircraft market of developed nations with the domestically developed FC-31 stealth fighter jet , the plane 's chief designer said on Monday .
Lin Peng of the Shenyang Aircraft Design and Research Institute under Aviation Industry Corp of China told China Daily in an exclusive interview the FC-31 has received a lot of attention from potential foreign buyers .
`` We will strive to use the fifth-generation combat plane to seize some share in the military aircraft market of developed nations , '' he said .
Lin said FC-31 's appearance in Paris is intended to showoff China 's capabilities in the research and development of advanced military aircraft and to enable potential buyers to know more about the plane so they can communicate `` in-depth '' with AVIC about the fighter jet .
The FC-31 is not yet in production , but these appearances are intended to generate interest that could lead to sales .
The air show is also a good occasion for the Chinese stealth fighter jet to compete with its counterparts , the designer added .
The FC-31 was unveiled in October 2012 as a twin-engine , radar-evading fighter jet . At that time , the first prototype had made its maiden flight , becoming the country 's second fifth-generation fighter jet following the J-20 , which made its first flight in January 2011 . The People 's Liberation Army Air Force has begun to receive deliveries of the J-20 .
Lin said the FC-31 features high survivability , a low radar signature , supreme electronic countermeasures , strong information capacity , outstanding situation awareness and beyond-visual-range combat capability .
The aircraft has a large weapon bay and several external hard points that are capable of carrying Chinese-or foreign-made air-to-air missiles and air-to-surface weapons , he said .
Specifications from AVIC show the FC-31 has a maximum takeoff weight of 25 metric tons , a combat range of 1,200 km and a top speed of Mach 1.8 , or 2,205 kilometers per hour . It can carry 8 metric tons of weapons and has a designed service life of up to 30 years .
Fu Qianshao , an aircraft expert with the PLA Air Force , expected that the plane 's price will be around $ 70 million , about half that of the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II from the United States , which is the only fifth-generation fighter jet available on the market from the US . The US only sells it to allies .
Li Yuhai , deputy general manager of AVIC , previously told reporters that AVIC plans to use the FC-31 to `` put an end to some nations ' monopolies on the fifth-generation fighter jet '' and this plane `` is able to compete with any other aircraft of its kind '' .
Professor Stephen Hawking 's revealed how he has always tried to 'lead as full a life as possible , ' in response to a plea for inspiring message .
Other A-list stars , including actor Sir Ian McKellen , athlete Jessica Ennis-Hill , actor Sir David Jason and sailor Dame Ellen MacArthur also shared some words of wisdom .
The famous faces put pen to paper for Simon Rhodes after he asked them for encouraging quotes to spur on staff at his legal firm .
The first to arrive was from the 73-year-old scientists and author , who suffers from motor neuron disease .
Professor Hawking wrote : 'I have always tried to overcome the limitations of my condition and lead as full a life as possible . I have travelled the world , from the Antarctic to zero gravity . '
He accompanied his message with a thumb print .
Mr Rhodes , 46 , from Southampton , Hampshire , fired off 25 letters to some of the most famous names in the country and in total 18 replied .
In return , he made a £100 donation to a charity of the celebrity respondents choosing .
Mr Rhodes , who is the managing partner at law firm Trethowans , said : 'I was pleasantly surprised that so many came back and it 's the little bits where they have gone over and above .
'But the one where I sat down and held it because I did n't expect to get it was Stephen Hawking . It made me smile the most .
Mr Rhodes came up with the idea last year to motivate the 150-strong staff but wanted to use words that were not 'corporate speak ' .
He said : 'We all look at these motivational messages like 'sell more ' and 'buy more ' but they can have the opposite effect .
'I wanted something that would motivate and the only way I thought I could do that was not by having our words .
'So I dug out the quotes and wrote to them all saying I was trying to motivate the next generation of our staff .
'I told them I have read what they have said and how I thought it was motivational and said that if they were able to send a signed photograph with a message to our staff at Trethowans I will give £100 to their favorite charity . '
The quotes and photographs of each of the celebrities have now been split between their new office in Southampton and a second office in Salisbury , where they have been hung on the walls of the staff seating area .
Chelseamanager Jose Mourinho : 'Pressure ? What pressure ? Pressure is millions of parents around the world with no money to feed their children . There is no pressure in football . '
Actor Sir Ian McKellen , with a message saying 'Greetings from Middle Earth ' , said : 'All we have to do is decide what to do with the time that is given to us . '
Ex-Footballer Matt Le Tissier : 'If you have n't anything difficult to do today , then what 's the point in getting up ! Meet things head on , even the tough things '
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger : 'Nobody has enough talent to live on talent alone . Even when you have talent , a life without work goes nowhere . '
Professor Stephen Hawking : 'I have always tried to overcome the limitations of my condition and lead as full a life as possible . I have travelled the world , from the antarctic to zero gravity '
Actor Sir David Jason : 'I 've done my fair share of waiting on tables in restaurants , cleaning cars , whatever . I was even an electrician at one time , and I 've done my fair share of decorating too*.. but slowly my fortunes changed '
It 's more than just perfecting your chopsticks technique or struggling to learn Mandarin . Living in China - indeed , living anywhere abroad - changes you , as Matt Prichard reports .
I have now lived in China longer than it took to get my bachelor 's degree . While no one is going to confuse me with any of my Chinese colleagues or friends , the experience has definitely made a difference in my daily routine and how I see the world . In my estimation , it has been a positive change .
Some ingrained laowai ( foreigner ) habits are hard to break : I still sometimes forget to ask if I should take off my shoes when visiting another person 's home . Yet , it was a revelation to make a list of 50 ways I have become more Chinese , and in particular , more of a Beijinger , in ways big and small :
1 . While mystified the first time I was served a glass of hot water , I now like it , especially in winter .
2 . I have an English name and a distinct Chinese name ( Ma Wen Tao ) that 's not just a phonetic version of the former .
3 . I know the Chinese zodiac sign I was born under ( rooster ) .
Also , I :
4 . Do n't hug acquaintances anymore .
5 . Smile automatically when I see a small child , and may ask a baby 's age or name .
6 . Have a new favorite breakfast food : jian bing , Shandong style , a crunchy , eggy , spicy crepe of goodness .
7 . Go to Wumart more than Wal-Mart , and love the lively atmosphere .
8 . Have a son who speaks good Chinese - my youngest studied Mandarin in college , including a summer in Chengdu .
9 . Have a new favorite snack : chuanr , or as my wife calls it , meat-on-a-stick .
10 . Seldom worry about personal safety , even walking in big cities at night .
11 . Keep a large metal carafe on my desk for hot water for the day 's tea .
12 . Have friendly relationship with Jing Dong delivery guy .
13 . Have a Chinese keyboard on my phone .
14 . Will eat jellyfish - reminds me of cole slaw .
15 . No longer have coffee on balcony - that 's where I hang wet clothes .
16 . Politely cover my mouth with one hand while using a toothpick .
17 . Grocery shop using my bicycle .
18 . Have to remember to tip when I 'm traveling abroad .
19 . Wonder why public spaces there look so empty .
20 . Pack a jar with a hot beverage from home for the office .
21 . Consider vendors ' prices only a reference point for haggling .
22 . Use the China UnionPay card : I never leave home without it .
23 . Love tearjerker Chinese history dramas on TV .
24 . Am amazed by Western actors who speak really good Mandarin .
25 . Make fun of Americanized `` Chinese food '' back home .
26 . Keep transit card on me at all times .
27 . Check air pollution conditions several times a day .
28 . Keep mask in my coat pocket , humidifier by my bed .
29 . Calculate , automatically , yuan equivalents of dollar prices in my head .
30 . Am amazed at how much stuff costs in Western countries .
31 . Check WeChat throughout day ; make phone calls on WeChat .
32 . Think ganbei ( dry cup ) when someone proposes a toast .
33 . Have a pet cat with a Chinese name , Meimei ( Little Sister ) .
34 . Love candied crabapples .
35 . Put my contact information for emails in English and Chinese .
36 . Measure wintertime by when Beijing 's centralized radiator heating system comes on and shuts off .
37 . Keep supply of red envelopes for cash gifts on appropriate occasions .
38 . Go to a hospital for routine healthcare .
39 . Have Moutai baijiu ( white spirits ) firewater in a cabinet at home .
40 . Live in a divided household : Wife and I are split by that infamous rivalry , Shanghai vs Beijing .
41 . Have no problem with squat toilets , which actually are more natural .
42 . Surprised and dismayed by how little the world knows about China .
43 . Get up in wee hours to watch important sporting events outside Asia .
44 . Think not only of time zones when phoning abroad , but also the International Dateline .
45 . Try to balance Mandarin-speakers and English-speakers at social gatherings .
46 . Understand much better the importance of friends to a happy life .
47 . Celebrate two New Year 's days and two Valentine 's days .
48 . Stare briefly at anyone who does n't appear to be Chinese on buses , subways or airplanes .
49 . Read celebrity news of Jackie Chan and Fan Bingbing , ignore Kardashians .
50 . Gave up Netflix for Youku .
Picture the scene : You come home after work feeling too exhausted to cook – only to find a delicious meal worthy of a Michelin-starred restaurant waiting for you .
It sounds like a fantasy , but it could be about to come true thanks to a robot chef developed by British scientists .
They have come up with a set of robotic arms so sophisticated that they are capable of cooking meals from scratch .
The device will be sold from as early as 2017 as part of a purpose-built high-tech kitchen , priced at around £10,000 , which includes an oven , hob , dishwasher and sink .
Scientists at Moley Robotics spent almost 18 years developing the hands , which are each governed by 24 motors , 26 micro-controllers and 129 sensors .
According to its creators , the arms can chop , stir , whisk and baste well enough to recreate almost anything you would care to eat , whether it is a simple home-cooked supper , or an elaborate concoction designed by a world-class chef .
The hands move a little slowly , hovering strangely above the work surface whenever they are not busy , but they imitate human movements closely enough that they can do things such as wipe a spoon on the edge of a pan to prevent drips .
But last year , after Russian engineer Mark Oleynik approached the team with the notion of turning the hands into an everyday household gadget , the concept of the robot chef was born .
Even if there are a few splatters , it shouldn ’ t matter – the gadget will load the dishwasher and wipe down the work surfaces afterwards .
The arms will tuck up out of the way when not in use , making space for their owners to get their own hands dirty .
Mr Oleynik , who is spearheading the project , said : ‘ All the things which are possible with the hand are possible here . There is no limitation .
‘ A lot of people want to go to Michelin-starred restaurants , but they are quite expensive and may be quite far from the home . This is an opportunity for people to enjoy very good food , and for a reasonable price . '
The only cuisine that is off the robot ’ s menu at the moment is sushi , which requires exceedingly steady pressure and nimble fingers to make , but the team plan to conquer that as well by the time it goes on sale .
By that point , they claim , users will be able to order meals from an iTunes-style library of recipes devised by professional chefs , making it possible to tuck into Michelin-standard food on a daily basis .
People will also be able to train the robotic arms to cook their own favourite family recipes , by demonstrating them a few times while wearing high-tech gloves and wrist-bands .
Users will be able to ‘ order ’ dinner on their way home , or breakfast for when they wake up , using an app on their smartphone , picking recipes depending on the ingredients they have in stock . They will also be able to choose dishes based on their nutritional content .
And just in case , the unit has emergency equipment if there ’ s a fire .
If you are n't prepared yet for a summer full of cute pics , maybe some pineapple will help .
No , we are n't talking about those gold pineapple mugs that everyone seemed to be sipping drinks from last summer . This is 2017 , people . New summer , new pineapple .
And this year , our pineapples are pink .
Pink pineapples have taken a while to get where they are today . According to Cosmopolitan , the fruit has been in development since 2005 by Del Monte Foods and is being grown in Costa Rica .
As of last December the Rosé pineapple , as Del Monte calls the variety , has been officially approved for consumption by the FDA and they are more than ready to jump into your summer photos .
According to NBC News , the pinkness comes from changing the level of certain enzymes within pineapples whose job is to convert pink pigment lycopene into the yellow pigment we are more used to seeing . Lycopene is also the same substance that gives tomatoes and watermelons their redness . So the more lycopene in the fruit , the pinker it appears . Del Monte asserts that these pineapples have an `` extra sweet pink flesh . ''
From photos shared to Instagram , pink pineapples are popping up in Hawaii , Florida , and South America . They also seem to be showing up at flower markets , proving that pink pineapples may not be used just for eating but for floral arrangements as well .
If you want a pink pineapple of your own , we suggest you check your local market .
1 . Sally Yates
At the end of Trump 's first month in office , US Attorney General Sally Yates was fired for refusing to defend his controversial travel ban .
Trump stated that the AG had `` betrayed '' him , and Yates was dismissed by a hand-written letter the same day .
A grandfather from Orangeburg County , Columbia , recently made the news after going to school to pick up his young grandson and coming home with a totally different child . It sounds like the plot of a 90 's comedy , but this happened in real life .
On May 19th , 65-year-old Joseph Fuller went to Edisto Primary School in order to pick up his six-year-old grandchild early . According to a police report , when he arrived at the school , Fuller saw a group of students leaving the school gym , one of which he thought was his grandson . He got out of his car , approached the boy , gave him a hug and told him he was there to pick him up early . When he asked him if he was ready to go , the kid said `` yes '' . A teacher 's assistant later told deputies that when he asked the boy `` Was this your grandfather ? '' he also answered `` yes '' . So the two of them then went to the front office so the boy could be signed out , and since the grandpa was on the list of approved people to pick up kids , everything went smoothly . If you think this is weird , hold on tight , because it ’ s about to get weirder .
Once out of the school , Fuller and his fake grandson got in the car , where his wife was waiting for them . Without so much as turning around to look at the child , the woman allegedly handed him a McDonald 's Happy Meal , and then they drove home . It was only when they arrived at their house that the Fullers finally realized that the boy was not their grandchild , after a missing tooth gave him away . `` He had a tooth missing in the front , and I know my grandson did not have a tooth missing in the front , '' Fuller said . `` Immediately , I brought him back to school , and I am very sorry . ''
The police report mentions that the two boys `` had similarities in haircut style and features , but not in weight or height . '' Also , the fake grandchild 's mother admitted `` that the [ grandfather ] resembles her father and saw how her son also mistakenly thought he was indeed his grandfather . ''
Although everything got rectified in the end , the boy 's father , Darrin Pressley , did n't find the whole mixup funny . `` If they did n't bring him back my son could 've been gone , '' Pressley said . `` It 's gross negligence on the school 's part . My thing is , you know , have a prevention so this could never happen again . '' The bizarre incident has led to changes in the way young children can be picked up from school . Now , students have to verbally identify the person who is picking them up and then the front desk will double check the student 's pick up list for that name . Also , parents will only be able to access the school through the front office , over the summer .
I , for one , still ca n't wrap my head around how this grown man mistook a different boy for his grandchild and only realized his mistake based on a missing front tooth . They must not be very close ...
Time magazine has named Donald Trump its Person of the Year - calling him `` President of the Divided States of America . ''
`` I do n't think that we have ever seen one person , operating in such an unconventional way , have an impact on the events of the year , '' said Time editor Nancy Gibbs .
She called this year 's choice `` one of the more straightforward years . '' Trump beat runner-up Hillary Clinton for the distinction , which Gibbs said is given to the newsmaker who has the biggest influence on world events , for better or worse .
The short list also included President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey , scientists who developed new DNA-related technology and Beyonce .
The announcement was revealed on NBC 's `` Today '' show . Speaking on the show via phone , Trump called the title a `` very , very great honor . ''
The magazine has been selecting the year 's most influential person , group or idea since 1927 . Its choices have included nearly every US president , Adolf Hitler , Ayatollah Khomeini , Mahatma Gandhi and Pope Francis , along with groups like the `` Ebola fighters . '' The title was changed in 1982 to `` Machine of the Year '' for the computer .
In its 90-year history , Time has named only four individual women : American socialite Wallis Simpson , whose marriage to King Edward VIII caused a constitutional crisis , Queen Elizabeth II , President Corazon Aquino of the Philippines , and last year 's choice , German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
`` It 's hard to measure the scale of his disruption , '' Gibbs wrote in the magazine 's article about choosing Trump this year . `` So which is it this year : Better or worse ? The challenge for Donald Trump is how profoundly the country disagrees about the answer . ''
Trump has already appeared on Time 's cover on numerous occasions this year , including two covers published before the election that featured a cartoon illustration of his melting face titled `` Meltdown '' and `` Total meltdown . ''
Trump criticized the magazine last year when it picked Merkel , who he called the `` person who is ruining Germany . ''
Trump , who had been a finalist , tweeted the magazine `` would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite . ''
Trump on Wednesday , however , called the magazine `` important . ''
`` It means a lot , especially me growing up reading Time magazine , and you know , it 's a very important magazine , and I 've been lucky enough to be on the cover many times this year , '' he said on NBC .
Soggy bottoms are preferred in the North – but southerners tend to favour a quick dunk .
Yes , England is divided when it comes to eating biscuits , according to a poll showing 65 % of those north of Stoke are big dippers .
They happily wait for the biscuit to go soft before tucking in – risking it ending up in the mug .
But in the more tentative South , more than 50 % of tea and coffee breakers minimise moisture with a brief plunge and delicate first bite .
Custard creams are king in Yorkshire , says the Waitrose Food and Drink report , while chocolate digestives rule in Lancs , Oxford and Cambridge .
Curiously Oxford prefers dark and Cambridge , milk .
Ginger nuts are tops in the North East .
Traditional Rich Tea is a favourite in the south west and Wales while Midlands folk enjoy Malted Milk .
Cookies are the number one choice in the East of England but bizarrely the Sussex coast breaks with tradition preferring KitKat bars to biccies .
Unsurprisingly , shortbread is the top choice in Scotland .
Waitrose said : `` The nation 's dunking habits produced surprising results . Choice of biscuit could definitely be linked to your postcode . ''
Londoners go for posh `` breakfast biscuits '' .
But if children did the shopping , we 'd all be eating Jammie Dodgers , according to data from 343 Waitrose stores .
In July 1981 , the night before his glamorous wedding to Princess Diana , Prince Charles reportedly wept as he was still torn about his feelings for his former girlfriend Camilla Parker-Bowles .
According to Prince Charles : The Passions and Paradoxes of an Improbable Life , a new biography of the Prince of Wales by royal writer Sally Bedell Smith , Charles felt pressured into his marriage to Diana — and he was still torn about his love for the then-married Camilla .
The story of Charles and Camilla is well-documented — the two dated after being introduced in 1971 , beginning a love affair that would make headlines for decades . According to Bedell Smith , Charles liked that Camilla was down-to-earth , loved the countryside and wasn ’ t interested in fashion . They also shared the same sense of humor and he was drawn to the fact that she “ always listened . ”
It seemed natural that Charles would be attracted to upper-class Camilla — Lady Annabel Goldsmith tells Bedell Smith that Camilla was “ an intensely warm maternal laughing creature , with enormous sex appeal . ”
Despite having an apparently happy relationship , the two split up when Charles was stationed overseas with the Royal Navy in 1973 .
Patricia Mountbatten , the daughter of the late Lord Mountbatten , tells Bedell Smith there were “ obvious problems ” with Camilla and she “ had a history ” — i.e. , a sexual past with her on-again , off-again boyfriend ( and eventual husband ) Andrew Parker-Bowles .
“ You didn ’ t want a past that hung about , ” says Mountbatten .
What ’ s more , Bedell Smith says that when Camilla and Charles split he was only 24 and wasn ’ t interested in settling down . Shortly after Camilla and Charles broke up , she reconciled with Parker-Bowles and they got married in 1973 .
But Charles and Camilla couldn ’ t stay away from one another for too long . Parker-Bowles was one of Charles ’ friends and they all traveled in the same circles . Eventually , the two started up an on-again , off-again affair , with Camilla ’ s husband turning a blind eye .
By 1980 , when Charles began dating Diana , the pressure was mounting for him to settle down . Despite their 13-year age difference , Diana seemed like a good match — she was aristocratic , fun-loving , beautiful and didn ’ t have a known “ history. ” However , Charles didn ’ t appear to be in a rush to get married . That changed , according to Bedell Smith , when the press began speculating that Charles and Diana had spent two nights together . ( Diana denied the claim at the time . )
Still , Prince Philip sent a letter to Charles saying that Diana ’ s reputation was on the line and that he had to make a decision about their relationship . Charles read it as an order to get engaged , but he “ wasn ’ t in love , he wasn ’ t ready . Psychologically he assumed his father bullied him , so he read it as a bullying letter , ” writes Bedell Smith .
However , Bedell Smith said the letter was more a statement that “ Charles should either propose to her or release her . In either event , he should make a decision shortly. ” The couple got engaged in February 1981 and were married in July of that year .
But the strains around the relationship were already starting to show before the two even walked down the aisle . ( Diana famously cried during a polo match ahead of the wedding and had previously said that she had wanted to call everything off . ) Bedell Smith writes that the two were just too different — Diana was over a decade younger than Charles and they didn ’ t have the same hobbies .
Diana also didn ’ t take to some of Charles ’ more traditional habits . Historian Paul Johnson recalled a story Diana had told him about how Charles ’ valet would lay his shirt on the bed before he got dressed and if he wanted a new shirt he would ring the valet to bring him a new one . When she asked why he didn ’ t get his new shirt himself he replied , “ He ’ s paid to do it . ”
Prince Charles : The Passions and Paradoxes of an Improbable Life ( Random House ) will be released on April 4 .
Within hours of being sworn in as president of the United States on Friday , Donald Trump immediately started making decorative changes to the White House .
The Oval Office was redecorated for Trump , as gold curtains were installed behind the Resolute desk , replacing the crimson curtains that were installed under Barack Obama tenure .
In addition to the curtains being changed , the real estate mogul also got rid of a huge , circular rug from Obama 's presidency that featured quotes from leaders including , MLK Jr. and four former presidents .
Its replacement appears to be the sunburst gold and yellow rug with garland edges designed by Laura Bush during her husband 's presidency , as it 's said Bush requested to have one that expressed his spirit of optimism , ABC News reported .
It appears that the couches inside the historic office were also replaced , as they are now brocade and no longer grey suede , CNN reported .
The billionaire is widely known for loving gold accents and features when it comes to interior decorating , as both his office and homes around the country feature it throughout .
But it 's unclear if he plans to bring more sweeping changes to include gold fixtures inside 1600 Pennsylvania Ave .
In a 2015 interview with People prior to the election , Trump said that he would n't change too much inside the building .
'If I were elected , I would maybe touch it up a little bit , but the White House is a special place , ' Trump stated . 'You do n't want to do too much touching . '
It is common for a newly elected president to redecorate the Oval Office as well as other parts of the White House , which is worth $ 397.9million .
Though the First Family is allowed to make changes within the White House , there are rooms inside the historic building that are untouchable , such as the Lincoln Bedroom and public spaces like the state dining room and Green Room .
Changes that are sought to be made to any of those rooms have to be approved by from the Committee for the Preservation of the White House , as the White House is a living museum that contains hundreds of years of American History .
It has been the residence of every US president since John Adams in 1800 .
As Melania and her husband are likely preparing a list of changes they wish to make for the living quarters , it is unclear if the family will pay for the renovations or if they will use the $ 100,000 per term that 's allocated by Congress to redecorate the White House .
Up to $ 100,000 of taxpayer money can be used by the First Family to make changes inside , but they are not obligated or forced to use it . The Obamas made a huge statement when they did not use the money or accept donations to redecorate the White House , as they paid for it out of their own pocket .
Trump has followed through with one of his promises , as he returned a Winston Churchill bust that Obama had removed to be replaced with a bust of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr .
The death of King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand means Queen Elizabeth II has become the world ’ s longest-reigning living monarch .
The Queen became monarch at the age of 25 on the death of her father King George VI on 6 February 1952 . Now 90 , she has reigned for 64 years , eight months and seven days , or considerably more than two thirds of her life .
Before his death on Wednesday at the age of 88 , the Thai king had chalked up more than 70 years and four months on the throne .
The Queen has a comfortable margin over the next longest-serving monarch , the Sultan of Brunei . Hassanal Bolkiah can boast 49 years and nine days on the throne of the tiny , oil-rich Asian state , having ascended the throne on 4 October 1967 . The wealthy Sultan is a car enthusiast , reportedly owning a private collection of up to 5,000 luxury sports cars .
Qaboos bin Said al-Said has been Sultan of Oman since 1970 , giving him 46 years , 2 months and 20 days on the throne so far .
He is closely followed by Queen Margrethe II of Denmark , affectionately known in her home country as Daisy , who despite a lifetime ’ s heavy smoking has chalked up 44 years , eight months and 29 days in the top job . Like the Queen , she has indicated that she has no desire of abdicating in favour of her son , saying “ you are handed your job as the old king or queen dies ” .
Prince Charles , incidentally , holds a world record of his own – as the longest-waiting heir apparent , surpassing his great-great-grandfather Edward VII who waited for more than 59 years for Queen Victoria to die .
Carl Gustaf XVI ascended to the Swedish throne on the death of his grandfather Gustaf VI on 15 September 1973 , giving him a tally of 43 years and 28 days . He had been heir apparent since the age of four , after his father Prince Gustaf Adolf was killed in a plane crash when he was a baby .
The Queen is already the longest-serving British monarch in history , having surpassed Queen Victoria ’ s tally of 63 years and 216 days last year .
Next time you raise an eyebrow at the views of your partner , friend , sibling or colleague , remember they could be helping to make you smarter .
New research shows that intelligence is not fixed but can be boosted throughout adulthood by family members , bright mates and intellectually stretching careers .
Stimulating households where people talk , make jokes and challenge each other can boost IQ levels by several points , as can jobs that mentally energise employees .
The study challenges the commonly held notion that intelligence is ‘ static ’ by the age of about 18 .
Current scientific consensus suggests that intelligence is controlled by genes , with environmental factors such as schooling and nutrition playing a part up to this age . After this point , IQ scores stabilise .
But James Flynn , Emeritus professor of political studies and psychology at the University of Otago in New Zealand , argues that people can ‘ upgrade ’ their own intelligence throughout their lives .
He believes intellectual stimulation from others is crucial as the ‘ brain seems to be rather like a muscle – the more you use it , the stronger it gets ’ .
However , the reverse is also true – so people who share a home or workplace with the intellectually challenged risk seeing their IQ levels nosedive as a result .
Professor Flynn analysed US intelligence tests from the last 65 years and correlated the results with people ’ s ages . This enabled him to compile new IQ ‘ age tables ’ .
He found the ‘ cognitive quality ’ of a family alters the IQs of all members , especially children .
It can ‘ lift ’ or hold them back , depending on the ‘ gap between their brightness and that of their siblings and parents ’ .
A bright ten-year-old with brothers and sisters of average intelligence will suffer a five to ten point IQ disadvantage compared to a similar child with equally bright siblings , the ‘ age tables ’ revealed .
However , children with a low IQ could gain six to eight points by having brighter siblings and special educational treatment to help pull them up .
Professor Flynn , whose book , Does Your Family Make You Smarter ? comes out next month , also concluded that although genetics and early life experiences determine about 80 percent of intelligence , the remaining 20 percent is linked to lifestyle .
This means that people can raise their IQ , or allow it to fall , by ten points or more .
Professor Flynn suggests that the best way to boost IQ levels is to socialise with bright friends , find an intellectually challenging job and marry someone cleverer .
Google has partnered with a young UK designer to create what they claim to be are the world ’ s only ‘ really blue ’ jeans .
The designs are the latest phase of Google ’ s alliance with the fashion industry ( they ’ ve previously collaborated with Jeremy Scott and Michael Kors to launch their new Pixel smartphone ‘ Really Blue ’ edition ) .
The work of Cambridge-born designer Christian Cowan - who has designed outfits for some of the world ’ s biggest names , including Lady Gaga and Miley Cyrus - the jeans are designed to match the new phone .
Fresh from his debut runway show at New York Fashion Week , the Central St Martins graduate ’ s brief was to redefine what we think of everyone ’ s favourite fashion staple .
Alas , Cowan designed the jeans in the bluest blue after scouring dye houses all over New York City to find an exact match to the phone cover .
Interestingly they also feature just one pocket instead of the usual five - because we do everything on our phones , says Google .
From taking photos , to paying for food and watching TV , smartphones like the Pixel save us the hassle of carrying round a myriad of gadgets .
The marketing campaign features the true blue jeans modelled by Toby Huntington-Whiteley – the younger brother of Rosie – and others and are available to buy now .
Sick of living in constant fear that bits of roof are going to fall on their heads , office workers in a dilapidated Government building in Bihar , India , were forced to wear metal motorcycle helmets at all times .
A video showing four office workers trying to do their job while wearing motorcycle helmets went viral on Indian social media last month , once again bringing into discussion the poor working conditions in the Asian country .
The footage was quickly picked up by news outlets and investigations revealed that the Government building in Areraj , Champaran district , had been deemed dangerous by work safety inspectors two years ago , but no action was taken to move the workers to a safer location .
`` The building construction department had two years back declared the building is hazardous and unfit for use . The authorities have , however , found no alternate accommodation to shift the office , '' employee Amit Kumar Pandey told reporters . `` The situation has aggravated due to rains as the entire building leaks , compromising the safety of office equipment and records . The matter has been communicated to senior officers many times in writing , but to no avail . ''
But water trickling in through the roof is not what prompted employees to start wearing motorcycle helmets at the Government office . Parts of the roof have been falling on their heads for some time , and it 's now in such a bad state that it could come down any day .
`` This is quite an old building . Walls and the roof of the building are in a very bad shape . Water starts trickling the moment it rains . The roof can cave in any day , '' said Parvez Ahmad , who works in the building . `` Since we ca n't be absent from our duties , we all decided to wear helmets . Many employees have sustained injuries due to falling of plaster from the ceiling . ''
After the video went viral , local Government officials announced that the office would be moved as soon as possible , but added that the four workers featured in the footage have been issued show-cause notices for going to the media , instead of trying to solve the problem internally .
`` The office will be shifted to a safer place within a day . We had ordered shifting of offices immediately after the adverse report from the building division , but the process got delayed . We have already issued a show-cause notice to the concerned official , asking him to explain the reason for delay in shifting , '' a senior official said . `` Show-cause notices had also been served to the four employees in the video for taking their problem to the media and not apprising their seniors . ''
Recently , inventive vending machines have been popping up around France . Instead of dispensing sweet treats or sugary drinks , however , these kiosks distribute short stories . Created by literature-loving company Short Édition , these savvy stalls promise to help pass the time , whether you 're waiting at the airport , stuck at the train station , or even accompanying your significant other on a particularly trying trip to the mall .
Sleek in design and minimal in effort , each vending machine offers an appealing way for commuters and customers to kill time . To use the innovative inventions , simply choose your desired reading time : 1 minute , 3 minutes , or 5 minutes . Then , the machine will surprise you with a randomly-selected short story to occupy your time and make waiting around a bit more bearable—if at least for a couple of minutes !
The “ Short Story Dispenser ” first debuted at Paris ' bustling Charles de Gaulle Airport last year . Since then , the popular machines have been installed in various public places across the country . If you 'd like to learn more about the locations of these lovely literary oases , check out the Short Édition website .
Short Édition , an innovative library of short literature , has installed unique vending machines that print out short stories .
Using each “ Short Story Dispenser ” is simple . All you have to do is choose the duration of time you 'd like to spend reading .
And voila ! Out pops a little piece of literature .
Doctors at one of Delhi ’ s top government hospitals will be given daily martial arts training in response to a sharp rise in reports of violence against medical practitioners in India .
About 1,500 resident doctors at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( Aiims ) in New Delhi will be given taekwondo classes in the hospital ’ s gym every evening from 15 May .
The president of the resident doctors ’ association at the hospital , Dr Vijay Gurjar , said violence against doctors was growing “ and the government is not taking necessary steps to decrease it ” .
“ Prevention is better than the cure , and if the government is not providing adequate security , then you have to take measures to save your life or vital organs , ” he said .
According to the Lancet medical journal , a 2016 study carried out in a Delhi hospital found that 40 % of resident doctors had been exposed to violence at work in the previous 12 months .
The Indian Medical Association ( IMA ) says 75 % of doctors will face physical or verbal violence during their career . Attacks on nurses and other hospital staff are also thought to be endemic but less frequently reported .
Doctors say there are many reasons for the violence , including massive overcrowding in the public health system , which has contributed to a weakening of the bonds between physicians , the people they treat , and their families .
Corruption and overcharging also mar many Indians ’ encounters with the health system .
“ India has a large proportion of population that is disenfranchised from health care , ” Vivekanand Jha , the executive director of the Delhi-based George Institute for Global Health , told the Lancet .
“ Any encounter with the medical system results in catastrophic expenditure for most people . It should not be hard to understand why people begrudge this and hold the medical community responsible . ”
Doctors at Aiims worked in helmets last month in solidarity with their colleagues in Mumbai , thousands of whom went on strike in the city after three attacks on doctors in as many days .
According to witnesses , in one incident about 15 people attacked the junior doctor Rohith Kumar after the death of a woman he was treating , who was suffering from chronic kidney failure .
The IMA is also running education programmes to encourage doctors to spend more time with their patients .
It is lobbying for a national criminal law dealing specifically with attacks on doctors and other health professionals .
In a chilling turn of events , some taxi drivers in Japan are claiming to have picked up ‘ ghost passengers ’ in the aftermath of the tsunami that devastated the nation in March 2011 . As many as seven of the 100 drivers interviewed by Yuka Kudo , a student of sociology at Tohoku , admitted to having encountered phantom fares .
Kudo conducted the interviews as a part of her graduation thesis , traveling to the coastal town of Ishinomaki every week for a year to speak to taxi drivers waiting for fares . She asked over 100 drivers the same question : “ Did you have any unusual experiences after the disaster ? ” Many of them ignored her , some even got angry , but seven drivers agreed to describe their strange encounters .
One driver recounted a particularly unsettling story – in the summer of 2011 , a woman dressed in a coat climbed into his taxi near Ishinomaki station . She said , “ Please go to the Mianmihama Station. ” When he pointed out that there was nothing left standing in the district , she asked him in a shivering voice , “ Have I died ? ” The driver immediately turned around , only to find the back seat empty .
Another driver recalled how a young man who looked to be in his 20s got into his taxi . When the driver looked in the rear-view mirror for directions , the man kept pointing towards the front . The driver then asked for a destination , to which he replied , “ Hiyoriyama ” ( mountain ) . When the taxi reached the area , the man had disappeared from the taxi .
It ’ s easy to dismiss these stories as hallucinations or imaginations , but the drivers ’ logs are proof that they really might have occurred . When these ‘ ghosts ’ got into their cabs , the drivers started the meter , which is recorded . So even though these passengers disappeared during the ride , they were still counted as clients . The drivers then had to pay their fares out of their own pockets . Some of the drivers even wrote down their experiences in their logs .
All these phantom travelers were described to be young , which compels Kudo to believe that they were indeed victims of the 2011 tsunami . “ Young people feel strongly chagrined ( at their deaths ) when they can not meet people they love , ” she said . “ As they want to convey their bitterness , they may have chosen taxis , which are like private rooms , as a medium to do so . ”
Interestingly , none of the drivers reported feeling any fear , instead holding their special passengers in reverence . Having lost loved ones in the disaster themselves , they perceived the encounters as a spiritual experience , meant to be remembered and cherished forever . “ It is not strange to see a ghost here , ” a driver said . If I encounter a ghost again , I will accept it as my passenger . ”
Kudo herself was moved by the interviews . “ I learned that the death of each victim carries importance , ” she said . “ I want to convey that to other people . ”
According to official records , over 15,000 people died during the magnitude-9 earthquake that lasted for six minutes and triggered a 133-ft high tsunami that swept six miles inland . Numerous sightings of ‘ ghosts ’ and ‘ spectral figures ’ have been reported in residential districts in the affected areas in the aftermath of the disaster .
Felix Kiprono , a lawyer inNairobi , Kenya , has his eye on someone special : President Obama 's daughter Malia .
His offer to win her hand ? Fifty cows , 70 sheep and 30 goats .
`` People might say I am after the family 's money , which is not the case . My love is real , '' he told the Nairobian newspaper .
Moreover , he adds , he 's been faithful to his beloved since he first became aware of her .
`` I got interested in her in 2008 , '' he said . `` As a matter of fact , I have n't dated anyone since and promise to be faithful to her . I have shared this with my family and they are willing to help me raise the bride price . ''
He 's currently working on a letter to announce his intentions and plans to give it to the local U.S. Embassy .
According to prices on Africa Farming , Kiprono 's offer could be worth in excess of $ 90,000 .
There are some issues , of course . For one , Malia Obama is 16 . For another , she 'll have to develop a taste for village life .
`` Ours will be a simple life . I will teach Malia how to milk a cow , cook ugali ( a porridge ) and prepare mursik ( a sour milk ) like any other Kalenjin woman , '' he said .
Who says you ca n't put a price on love ?
It ’ s important to have role models who can inspire us and illustrate that learning English can be the first step to a new life and a highly successful career . Teachers can do this , but sometimes it ’ s nice to have some loftier examples to aspire to .
With that in mind , here we reveal four celebrities whom you might be surprised to discover learnt English as a second language . And they all have two things in common – they ’ re all Hollywood stars , and they ’ re all women .
Despite being born in Arlington County , Virginia , Bullock was raised in Nuremberg , Germany , where her American father – stationed in charge of the US Army ’ s Military Post Service in Europe – met her German mother . Having spent 12 years in Germany , German naturally became her first language .
Here ’ s footage of Bullock speaking to a German journalist after her 2010 Academy Award Best Actress win for her role in the film The Blind Side :
Standing in line for the latest iPhone at the Apple store , queueing for tickets to Wimbledon or even just waiting at the post office might just have got a lot easier .
Japanese car-maker Nissan claims to have just the thing to relieve the sore legs of weary queuers .
The new system of 'self-driving ' chairs is designed to detect when someone at the front of the queue is summoned , and automatically move everyone else one step forward in line .
The new invention is shown off in a company video , which re-enacts a busy restaurant with patrons waiting outside .
In the video , diners are sitting in a row of chairs , but will not have to stand when the next hungry diner is called to a table .
Instead , the chairs , equipped with autonomous technology that detects the seat ahead , glide along a path toward the front of the line .
When the person at the front of the queue is summoned , the empty chair at the front can sense it is empty and so moves out of pole position .
Cameras on the remaining chairs then sense the movement and follow automatically .
The system , which is similar to the kind used in Nissan 's autonomous vehicle technology , will be tested at select restaurants in Japan this year , Nissan said .
' ( It ) appeals to anyone who has queued for hours outside a crowded restaurant : it eliminates the tedium and physical strain of standing in line , ' it added .
Although Tokyo has some 160,000 restaurants , long queues are not uncommon .
Chosen restaurants that fill the logistic criteria will be able to showcase the chairs at their venue in 2017 .
Nissan also released a short clip showing the chairs being used in an art gallery , moving slowly in front of the various paintings to let viewers appreciate the art without the need to stand up .
Albert Einstein is perhaps the world 's greatest scientist . The Nobel Prize winner , who solved the riddle of the photoelectric effect and proposed the general theory of relativity , died on April 18 , 1955 , aged 76 after laying the foundation of modern physics and changing mankind 's views on space , time , mass , and energy . But did you know he was obsessed by fried eggs ? That 's one of 10 quirky things about the man behind the famous equation E = mc 2 that we learn from the book Einstein at Home , which will be published in English in May 2016 for the first time . The book contains five interviews conducted by scientist Friedrich Herneck with Herta Waldow , née Schiefelbein , who was the live-in housekeeper of Einstein in the Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf district of Berlin for six years .
The mad hair came on the cheap
Einstein 's second wife was his cousin Elsa Loewenthal . Elsa could not persuade Einstein to pay for a barber so she would cut his hair herself . Waldow recalled : `` When his hair was too long , when it was beyond the pale , Elsa would cut off his hair with scissors and he was willing to put up with it . As well as his disheveled hair , Elsa also trimmed the great scientist 's moustache .
He made his shoes last
Penny-pinching seems to have been a thing in the Einstein household - a seven-room apartment . Waldow , who was the housekeeper from 1927-1933 , said that he was always short of cash and his wife was very penny pinching . He wore shoes with holes in them , even if they were no longer watertight . `` He would wear them until it was no longer possible . '' She said his favourite footwear was sandals . No wonder he kept a sign up in his office in later life in Princeton that said : `` Not everything that counts can be counted , and not everything that can be counted counts . ''
He really was an egghead ( especially fried eggs )
Waldow had to deliver fried eggs and scrambled eggs almost every day for his breakfast . There were eggs for breakfast , usually fried . There was also a lot of honey , which we bought by the pail , brought by a beekeeper . `` Herr Professor always ate fried eggs , at least two . '' They bought their fresh eggs from an elderly Jewish man . `` Dear me , he was so grubby ! '' Waldow said . Einstein also enjoyed mushrooms with his eggs . `` He would probably have eaten mushrooms three times a day , that 's how fond he was of them . ''
Oxford Dictionaries has declared `` post-truth '' as its 2016 international word of the year , reflecting what it called a `` highly-charged '' political 12 months .
It is defined as an adjective relating to circumstances in which objective facts are less influential in shaping public opinion than emotional appeals .
Its selection follows June 's Brexit vote and the US presidential election .
Oxford Dictionaries ' Casper Grathwohl said post-truth could become `` one of the defining words of our time '' .
Post-truth , which has become associated with the phrase `` post-truth politics '' , was chosen ahead of other political terms , including `` Brexiteer '' and `` alt-right '' .
Oxford Dictionaries says post-truth is thought to have been first used in 1992 .
However , it says the frequency of its usage increased by 2,000 % in 2016 compared with last year , coinciding with the EU referendum and the campaign for the White House in the US .
Mr Grathwohl said : `` Fuelled by the rise of social media as a news source and a growing distrust of facts offered up by the establishment , post-truth as a concept has been finding its linguistic footing for some time , '' he said .
`` We first saw the frequency really spike this year in June with buzz over the Brexit vote and again in July when Donald Trump secured the Republican presidential nomination .
`` Given that usage of the term has n't shown any signs of slowing down , I would n't be surprised if post-truth becomes one of the defining words of our time . ''
By now you should know the `` Harry Potter '' drill .
Purchase the book , stay up all night reading , feel all of your feelings and tweet about it .
`` Harry Potter and the Cursed Child '' came out to much fanfare over the weekend , and the world is now divided into two groups : those who have finished reading it and those who have not .
But there was no shortage of emotion from both sides .
The book comes from the script for a West End play based on an original story by J.K. Rowling , Jack Thorne and John Tiffany and written by Thorne .
But anything Harry Potter is magical -- especially for fans who got their last literary fix with `` Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows '' in July 2007 .
`` LOOK HOW HAPPY I AM , '' tweeted one person along with photos of herself clutching a copy of the book .
As with any cultural phenomena in the social media age , there has been plenty of frowning , dissing and irritation about spoilers .
Critics were n't as swept away by the latest project .
`` The big problem is 'The Cursed Child ' is less an original story than a remix of the existing Potter mythology , '' Andy Lewis wrote in The Hollywood Reporter .
Jessica Contera of The Washington Post noted that while the play may work , the publication `` as a mere script , where everything besides dialogue is written as bland stage commands ( `` Albus is sleeping in a pew . Ginny is watching him carefully . Harry is looking out the opposite window '' ) , it feels nothing like the detailed-filled paragraphs of the Rowling we love .
`` It 's more like sneaking a peek at her unfinished notes or finding a fetching piece of fan fiction , '' she said . `` The magic is stunted . ''
One of the biggest complaints from fans appears to be not what is in the book but rather what is n't .
Teddy Lupin , Potter 's godson and the son of Remus Lupin and Nymphadora Tonks , does not make an appearance .
Teddy was part of the `` Nineteen Years Later '' epilogue in the final chapter of `` Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows , '' which also serves as the kickoff for the new book . There has been some chatter about his disappearing act in `` Cursed Child . ''
One reader simply tweeted , `` where 's teddy tho # CursedChild . ''
A busy public square in the Chinese city of Nanjing is home to an unusual experiment .
For almost two months , the country 's first `` honesty bookshop '' has occupied a sidewalk on Hanzhong Road in the city 's Gulou district .
With no cashier or other staff keeping tabs , the store relies on trust for payment .
Amazingly , most customers cough up although Zhu Yu , the marketing director of the company that runs it , says takings are 5 % less than they should be .
But making money is n't the venture 's main goal and they go easy on those who take books without paying .
`` If they can really finish the books , it does n't matter if they took the books for free , '' he says .
`` In fact , we are really happy to witness so many people taking books from the honesty bookshop . ''
After browsing the four wooden bookshelves , customers must drop their money in a lock box .
Prices are set at 30 % of the cover price .
Zhu hopes that his sidewalk store , which sells on average 60 books a day , will rekindle interest in reading .
Like elsewhere , Chinahas seen e-books chip away at the market for traditional books and many independent booksellers are struggling .
Zhu got permission from the city government to use the sidewalk and says he 's determined to make it a long-term project .
It 's run by Popular Bookmall , which operates eight bookstores in China .
He says the store is open every day , except when it rains , and it 's locked up each night .
`` People stand in front of the bookshop , and ask themselves whether they should pay and how much they should pay . It 's a process of cleansing the thoughts of our hearts , '' he says .
Lofty goals aside , the streetside venture allows his company to clear old inventory .
It 's not the first time Popular Bookmall has employed inventive tactics to try and turn the city 's busy residents into bookworms .
In September last year , the company laid out 1,000 books and reading lamps on the ground and encouraged people `` to go on a date '' with a book .
Nanjing is also home to Librairie Avant-Garde , a cavernous retail and performance space hidden away in an underground car park that was once voted China 's most beautiful bookstore .
It 's since become a cultural landmark and tourist attraction in the city .
`` Independent book shops represent the well being of the city , '' Qian Xiaohua , Libraire Avant-Garde 's owner told CNN in 2013 .
`` When a city is losing its bookshops , it 's actually losing something in its soul . ''
If the success of the Honesty Bookstore is any guide , Nanjing 's is in pretty good shape .
World , meet the exclamation comma -- the punctuation mark you did n't know existed , but that you almost certainly need in your life .
The exclamation comma is , as its name suggests , a symbol that looks like an exclamation point , only with a comma instead of a period at its base . As the Grammarly blog noted this week , it 's used just like an exclamation mark “ to denote excitement , add flourish , and generally lend a statement a certain degree of emotion and emphasis , ” but it 's to be placed within sentences rather than at the end of them .
The exclamation comma was reportedly created by American inventors Leonard Storch , Haagen Ernst Van and Sigmund Silber in 1992 , who also lobbied for its widespread adoption . However , their patent for the symbol lapsed in 1995 , and their effort to popularize it ultimately failed .
Interest in the exclamation comma has surged this week after the Grammarly blog 's post on it , but it 's not the only obscure punctuation mark that deserves attention .
For instance , there 's the question comma ( the exclamation comma 's inquisitive cousin ) , the SarcMark ( short for “ sarcasm mark ” ) , the irony mark and the wonderfully-named Interrobang ( which looks like what would happen if an exclamation point and a question mark jumped into bed together ) .
Those born under Aries want a style that expresses her confident , energetic , and adventurous personality . And because she 's always on-the-go and incredibly busy , the style must be easy and fuss-free . A pixie haircut with some volume on top is perfect for the risk-taking woman who does n't have time to fuss with her hair .
Pisces is a water sign , which is why wavy , flowy , mermaid-y curls are the perfect fit . The Pisces gal is drawn to long locks with natural texture and appreciates low-maintenance styles , which is why she should go for a medium- to long-length style that 's uncomplicated and ready to showcase the natural bend of her hair . A center part keeps the style simple , and subtle layers enhance natural waves whether your hair is thick or fine .
When a Taurus finds a style she likes , she sticks to it , and this shoulder-length lob with soft ends and a simple part is one she 'll surely love for years to come . It 's refined and polished , but not too harsh or severe , making it perfect for the warm , loving , and reliable Taurus , since this sign appreciates a hairdo that 's not too high maintenance and can easily become a part of her `` uniform . ''
The Gemini woman is lively , exciting , and loves variety , which is why this playful style perfectly suits her . A short , asymmetrical cut represents her dynamic and exciting personality , allowing for so many styling possibilities . The side part adds extra dynamic movement . Plus , variety is important to the Gemini and this cut works well when styled with straight , wavy , or curly hair .
All the water signs , including Cancer , prefer styles that play up their feminine sides , but Cancers in particular enjoy being the alpha females . A cropped and voluminous bob guarantees she 'll instantly turn heads . Plus , the big , soft , and romantic curls represent the loving affection and warmth she extends to those around her .
This look is fearless , sexy , and brave-and that 's exactly why Leos will love it . Just like a lion , the Leo loves to show off her big , full mane , and make a statement-but that does n't mean Leos are limited to long styles . In fact , a shorter look like this , with big , lush curls , will speak volumes .
The Virgo woman always likes to look put-together , while also expressing her femininity . She 's a gorgeous goddess who channels all-natural beauty , which is why she 'll appreciate a medium- to long-length cut with soft and sleek waves . This straightforward style celebrates natural beauty and looks neat , fresh , and polished .
Balance , harmony , and symmetry are important to the Libra , which is why she 'll be attracted to this neat , no-nonsense do . The Libra likes to take time for grooming , but more for the ritual , feel-good component than anything else . She should stay clear of messy or complicated styles , and go for a long , straight , simple cut instead .
Scorpios are known for being fearless , sexy , passionate-and also pretty intense , which is why they are well-suited for a cut that 's short and bold . They love anything that showcases their strength , power , and sultry side-another reason this semi-severe style with some extra volume works well .
Sagittarians want their hair to be natural and do its thing , while also showcasing their happy , carefree , and playful vibes . A slightly shaggy and layered look works beautifully with natural curls or waves , and the short length ensures they wo n't have to fuss with it much-something that would no doubt irk this sign . Go even further by asking for natural-looking highlights that grow out well and wo n't require tons of maintenance .
Capricorns like Kate Middleton are polished , professional , put-together , and ready for anything . They 're ruled by Saturn , so they tend to gravitate towards straight and rather serious cuts . A long and layered look that 's enhanced by a great blow-out will please them to no end . This look , with just a few pretty curls towards the bottom , is both striking and timeless-qualities the stylish and neat Capricorn will appreciate .
The Aquarius woman is bohemian , quirky , and loves to have fun , and her hairstyle should reflect that . A look that 's versatile , with layers and bangs in a medium length , ensures she can experiment with different hairdos-something very important to this sign . Aquarians tend to change their mind-and style-quickly , so they should stay away from drastic haircuts or style decisions made on a whim .
Abilities I should win a medal for : staring into the middle distance . Dithering over a sandwich choice . But above all , getting lost . Usually , I embrace this . I like getting lost in Paris or Venice ; Brazil ’ s Olympics 2016 city , not so much .
I was last in Rio de Janeiro over a decade ago when First Choice was experimenting with package holidays there .
It was quite a short experiment while , as there were – and still are – some great resort hotels around Salvador in the east , the rest of the country wasn ’ t quite ready for package tourism . Especially Rio .
Back then , we were warned against using public transport or going on Copacabana Beach . And the infamous favelas – the slum areas – were totally off-limits . In short , Rio wasn ’ t a place you wanted to get lost in .
Now , I can ’ t get lost even if I want to . I have a smartphone , a local SIM card and a phalanx of Googlers guiding my every move as they show off their latest mapping app in one of the cities that needs it most .
After hosting the World Cup in 2014 , the city is sprinting towards this month ’ s Olympics . You do get the feeling things are a bit behind compared to London 2012 at this stage , but Rio knows how to put on a show . It ’ s a diva of a city – ridiculously beautiful , with life , drama and an unshakable belief that it can set its own rules . It shouldn ’ t work , but generally it seems to .
There are photo ops at every turn , from the Christ the Redeemer statue that towers over it to Copacabana Beach , where the beach volleyball will take place and the cycling ends . Crime is better than it was but seems to be on the rise again , and Rio is teetering financially , having had to be bailed out by central government .
Not that you ’ d know this in Leblon . This is Rio ’ s old money area , orderly and sedate . So I switch off my phone and wander at will , past the patisseries , restaurants and the shops that still sell maid ’ s uniforms .
In contrast , the favelas are Rio ’ s running sore ; ramshackle , romantic , passionate , and near lawless .
In recent years , they ’ ve become tourist attractions . Every hotel runs guided tours but now Google Maps are making it possible for us to explore the tiny passageways and streets independently .
You have to admire Google for persevering in the belief the world exists to be mapped ¬whatever the problems . But tackling the favelas has been time-consuming .
The company sought advice from community ambassadors and then used experts to train locals to map the best routes through the twisty thoroughfares and alleyways . By next year , 10 percent of Rio ’ s favelas will have been mapped , opening up new opportunities for shops , restaurants and even tourist hostels for those who like their travel edgy . The mapped bits are said to be safe , but keep your wits about you and leave your valuables in the safe ,
One of Google ’ s ambassadors is David Vieira Bispo . Born and brought up in the favela of Chapéu Mangueira , not far from Copacabana , and a former fisherman , he now runs an acclaimed restaurant on its edge . As we ate there , a procession of taxis unloaded locals and tourists in search of classic Brazilian dishes such as Feijoada , a black bean and pork stew , washed down with beer .
Over in the Olympic stadia , there ’ s a mapping frenzy with added Streetview . The interiors have been snapped – even the diving board Tom Daley will use .
Mapping ’ s one thing , life ’ s another , especially for those of us who know they will never want to do a forward three-and-a-half somersault dive with a twist pike . So on the last night , we go off-piste to Gavea , Rio ’ s posh-boho centre of bar excellence . We get there by Uber , but scout out suitable bars by sight rather than smartphone .
Rio natives may complain that – at 20˚C – it was on the chilly side , but everyone ’ s spilled out on to the streets while entrepreneurial types sell shots of tequila for a few reals .
We pile into a nearby restaurant for serious food . Cariocas eat late and they eat as they party , with a bossa nova band playing in the square . And I realise – caipirinha in hand – I ’ ve found my happy place .
Rio Olympics Travel File
Tickets : The main Olympic website has all the info . Tickets start at 40 reals , about £10.rio2016.com/en
Getting around : The Olympic Park at Barra has nine stadia , including aquatic centre and cycling velodrome . Leave plenty of travel time , especially if work on the new Metro underground line isn ’ t finished .
Where to stay : Airbnb may be your best bet as many hotels are full . Prices average around £140 per night for a flat sleeping three . airbnb.co.uk
Zika virus : It ’ s winter in Rio so there are fewer mosquitos but Zika is still a threat . Strong repellent will minimise risk . Pregnant women should take extra care .
Best beaches : Ipanema and Leblon are quieter than Copacabana . Also nice is Urca , close to Sugarloaf mountain .
Best restaurants : Braseiro da Gavea ; informal , meat-centric , expect to spend £30 a head on a feast.braseirodagavea.com.br
Crime : The Foreign Office has an Olympics site with travel info including advice on crime prevention.gov.uk/rio2016
Getting there : Flights with British Airways start at £874 return . ba.com
An unprecedented insight into the private life of Audrey Hepburn has been revealed thanks to the sale of intimate letters written by the screen siren .
The never-seen-before correspondence from the actress to her mentor Sir Felix Aylmer during her rise to international fame have come to light .
Hepburn penned the personal notes during the formative years of her life as she went from an unknown actress to one of Hollywood 's greatest icons .
The ten letters were sent by Hepburn to the British actor , her mentor and confidant , between 1951 and 1960 .
They document the star 's rollercoaster life and her personal highs and lows , including her first failed engagement .
Sir Felix helped to kick-start Hepburn 's career when he agreed to give her acting and elocution lessons as she tried to establish herself in West End theatre productions .
The pair formed a relationship that developed into a lifelong friendship , and as her career took off Hepburn wrote letters and sent postcards to Sir Felix from film sets .
Experts say the notes , which are being sold by Sir Felix 's family for the first time , offer a unique window into the life of the notoriously private star .
The archive includes a 1951 postcard Hepburn sent from the set of Monte Carlo Baby , her first big film , in which she wrote : 'Would you believe it , I 'm in Monte Carlo working on a French Picture * this place is heavenly . '
The following year Hepburn got engaged to wealthy industrialist James Hanson , but later called the marriage off fearing the two would spend too much time apart .
She immediately put pen to paper , writing to Sir Felix : 'It is with a heavy heart I am writing to tell you James Hanson and I are no longer engaged , I know there is little I need explain to you , a gentleman of this profession . '
Hepburn also wrote to Sir Felix in 1960 when her son Sean was born .
She wrote afterwards : 'Sean is truly a dream , and I find it hard to believe he is ours to keep . I long to show him to you . '
The archive is tipped to fetch £4,000 when it goes under the hammer at London auction house Bonhams .
The sale also includes an original image , signed by photographer Terry O'Neill , of Hepburn in 1967 lounging in the pool in a yellow bikini , which is expected to reach £2,000 .
Facebook says it is working on technology to allow us to control computers directly with our brains .
It is developing “ silent speech ” software to allow people to type at a rate of 100 words per minute , it says .
The project , in its early stages , will require new technology to detect brainwaves without needing invasive surgery .
`` We are not talking about decoding your random thoughts , ” assured Facebook 's Regina Dugan .
`` You have many thoughts , you choose to share some of them .
`` We ’ re talking about decoding those words . A silent speech interface - one with all the speed and flexibility of voice . ''
Ms Dugan is the company ’ s head of Building 8 , the firm ’ s hardware research lab . The company said it intends to build both the hardware and software to achieve its goal , and has enlisted a team of more than 60 scientists and academics to work on the project .
On his Facebook page , Mark Zuckerberg added : `` Our brains produce enough data to stream four HD movies every second .
`` The problem is that the best way we have to get information out into the world - speech - can only transmit about the same amount of data as a 1980s modem .
`` We 're working on a system that will let you type straight from your brain about five times faster than you can type on your phone today .
`` Eventually , we want to turn it into a wearable technology that can be manufactured at scale . Even a simple yes/no 'brain click ' would help make things like augmented reality feel much more natural .
`` Technology is going to have to get a lot more advanced before we can share a pure thought or feeling , but this is a first step . ''
Other ideas detailed at the company ’ s developers conference in San Jose included work to allow people to “ hear ” through skin . The system , comparable to Braille , uses pressure points on the skin to relay information .
“ One day , not so far away , it may be possible for me to think in Mandarin , and you to feel it instantly in Spanish , ” Ms Dugan said .
Imagine getting a soft drink from a vending machine using only your smartphone . Or scanning a QR code to buy goods from a newspaper ad .
By harnessing these innovations — and more — China mobile shopping is barreling ahead of the United States . China is still the world 's largest smartphone market , even though growth is slowing . It accounts for about 30 percent of the global smartphone market , and Chinese smartphone users are expected to jump from 526.8 million to 640 million in 2018 , according to eMarketer . And its shoppers are using their gadgets to snap up a wide array of goods and services .
Nearly half of all China 's e-commerce sales , totaling $ 505.7 billion , are made with mobile devices , versus roughly one-quarter in the U.S. , according to eMarketer . By 2019 , China 's mobile sales will account for 71 percent of those sales .
`` We do n't see mobile buying plateauing for the next five years , '' said Monica Pearl , eMarketer 's director of forecasting . `` They 'll increase because consumer behavior has changed . '' Feature-rich , cheap smartphones are also helping fuel the boom , she added .
China is , after all , a mobile first market , explains Brian Buchwald , CEO of consumer intelligence firm Bomoda . So it has been able to leapfrog past other markets , which mainly used PCs for purchases .
Sophisticated mobile payment apps are partly fueling the mobile boom . To grease buying , purchases are smooth and nearly seamless , since goods are bought in a few seconds with just one click . And an intense fight for market share between payment titans WeChat Pay and Alibaba 's Alipay is fueling even more innovation . Apple Pay has only just recently stepped into the competitive arena .
Meanwhile , the Chinese government has allowed a free-flowing retail and payments marketplace .
`` There are no restraints , '' said Michael Zakkour , vice president of China/Asia Pacific practice at Tompkins International .
And that 's good news for WeChat , A messaging app that 's only five years old and is offered by the Internet giant Tencent . The app now has 650 million users . And a good chunk of them are using the app for mobile shopping . The result is that WeChat payments , along with Alibaba 's Alipay , dominate the market . Because retailers can easily set up shop inside WeChat , users can plan family vacations , order a taxi or even design clothes without going anywhere else .
`` WeChat is the most influential app in the world , '' said Buchwald . `` It has the functionality of an iTunes store . So you can do anything you want . ''
This mobile preference is one-stop shopping for navigating a digital life . `` We 're talking about the emergence of chat commerce , '' said Lily Varón , an analyst at Forrester Research . `` WeChat is becoming a commerce channel . And it 's an ecosystem that 's unlike anything in the U.S . ''
And , she adds , unlike the U.S. , there 's also no digital divide in China by geography or age . `` It 's not just limited to younger consumers , '' she said .
Meanwhile , e-commerce powerhouse Alibaba has its own Alipay app . Known as the PayPal of China , it is the dominant player in the mobile payment industry . And it 's in a competitive tussle with WeChat to keep market share — fueling even more innovation .
`` They 're both spending billions building new features and technologies , '' said Buchwald . `` That includes making lots of different investments in start-ups . '' For example , Alipay is now testing ways to let shoppers pay just by scanning a physical feature .
At the same time , Apple and Samsung are trying to break into this sector with partnerships with UnionPay , China 's main bank card and payment firm .
The U.S. is lagging behind though , and mobile payments have yet to gain traction . Even QR codes , which have largely flopped in the U.S. , are used everywhere in China to buy goods . And mobile phones there already have scanners embedded in them .
Once scanned and bought , goods are delivered quickly . And Alibaba , which has a massive logistics network , can get goods to customers within one day . Its ultimate goal is even loftier : deliveries to any Chinese city within 24 hours . Alibaba is even investing in drone companies , says Buchwald .
These hyperkinetic deliveries are fueling ever more purchases . Last year , China 's Singles Day — a consumer shopping day invented by Alibaba and much like Black Friday in the U.S. — totaled $ 14.3 billion , which is 60 percent higher than 2014 . Those sales total more than Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales in the U.S. combined .
`` In China , spending as much money as possible on Singles Day is almost patriotic , '' said Buchwald . `` It 's more of a collectivist spirit there . ''
Emphasizing community good over the individual goes back thousands of years in China . `` It 's the cowboy vs. the collective , '' said Zakkour . `` So Chinese people want to make sure that products they 're buying have acceptance . '' For this reason , mobile commerce was predestined to become successful there , he added .
Los Angeles-based Revolve Clothing had to navigate this community spirit to sell its goods in China . `` Social media there is very important , '' said Mike Karanikolas , co-CEO of Revolve , an online collection of up-and-coming fashion brands for men and women . `` It 's as if Amazonowned a big chunk of Facebook . ''
For the online apparel retailer , ramping up sales to the Chinese market meant navigating longer purchase cycles . Purchases in the U.S. are made quickly , he explains . But in China , purchases can take up to 30 days because many Chinese consumers spend a lot of time researching goods and then checking them out with a circle of friends before making an online purchase .
But in many ways , China 's mobile mania may well be the new face of retailing .
China is up to three years ahead of the U.S. in mobile shopping , said Buchwald . `` And it 's moving faster than any other area of the economy . It 's the future . ''
While Google and others try to develop a a self driving car , toy maker Mattel has revealed a very different approach - letting a cricket drive .
Mattel has released a new toy race car for children ages six and up , and it ’ s piloted by insects .
The toy is a vehicle and a cricket habitat all in one , and uses sensors inside to turn based on the cricket ’ s motion . Crickets , however , are not included .
The Bug Racer is a battery operated vehicle in the shape of a winged insect , and it ’ s ‘ powered by eleCrickety , ’ according to the website .
The habitat can hold up to five crickets , and features four different driving modes .
Crickets will have to be purchased separately , and Mattel recommends medium to large crickets for best vehicle operation , around an inch in length .
Pressing the ‘ Bug Button ’ will allow the user to select the driving mode between the four options : Cricket in Charge , Drag Racing , Autodrive , and Light Show .
In Cricket in Charge mode , the cricket drives the car all by itself .
To get going , the cricket has to first be placed into the ‘ control room , ’ at the front of the race car , where the motion sensors will track its every move .
If the cricket crashes the vehicle into an obstacle , the Bug Racer will reverse and get back on track .
By pressing the bug button twice , the car will go into Drag Racing mode .
This selection requires a second Bug Racer , so friends can watch their crickets duel it out in a race .
To win a Bug Racer race , the crickets have 10 seconds to drive the farthest distance in a straight line .
The cricket-powered car is not just a toy , but a learning experience for the owners .
In Light Show mode , lights in the car will illuminate the crickets inside for better observation , set to a musical tune .
The website also explains the proper care for crickets , which generally have a lifespan between a few weeks and a few months .
Crickets get water from their food , so chopped pieces of fruit or vegetables , like apples or potatoes are a good source of nutrition , and don ’ t require added water .
For children ( or adults ) who want to observe the crickets but are too afraid to handle them , the Bug Racer has a solution for that , too .
The ‘ collection device , ’ can be used to scoop up a cricket and deposit it into the control room or the habitat , without ever having to touch it .
A man was violently removed from a United Airlines flight by aviation police officials at Chicago 's O'Hare international airport on Sunday , in an incident captured on video by several other passengers .
In one clip , posted by passenger Audra Bridges to Facebook , guards can be seen aggressively grabbing , and then dragging , the passenger down the aisle of the plane , which was bound for Louisville , Kentucky . Other passengers can be heard screaming and shouting `` Oh my God '' and `` Look at what you did to him . ''
Passengers from the flight reported that the man was eventually allowed back on the flight , face bloodied and looking confused . Video seems to confirm that , although the reason why is unclear .
According to Bridges , the man is a doctor and told flight officials he was due for a shift at his hospital .
The airline said in a statement that the flight was overbooked , and that no passengers agreed to voluntarily give up their seats . United said airline representatives chose four passengers to leave the plane at random based on ticket class , frequent flier status and check-in time , and that one man selected refused to leave his seat .
Officials then requested the assistance of law enforcement , who forcibly removed the man . Four crew members needed to get on the flight in order to work another one in Louisville or else that flight would be canceled , airline spokeswoman Maddie King said .
The Chicago aviation department said later that one of the officers did not follow protocol and had been placed on leave pending a review . Federal transportation officials said they were reviewing whether United complied with overbook rules .
`` This is an upsetting event to all of us here at United , '' airline CEO Oscar Munoz said in a statement to the Guardian . `` I apologize for having to re-accommodate these customers . Our team is moving with a sense of urgency to work with the authorities and conduct our own detailed review of what happened . ''
In a statement the Chicago police department said that the man became `` irate '' after he was asked to disembark and that he `` fell '' when aviation officers `` attempted to carry the individual off the flight ... His head subsequently struck an armrest causing injuries to his face . ''
The airlines contract of carriage , an agreement that all customers assent to when booking , does give United the freedom to deny ticketed passengers travel if a flight is overbooked . Passengers are entitled to either cash or a flight landing near the same time as compensation .
United also reserves the right to remove passengers from a flight if they `` fail to comply with or interfere with the duties of the members of the flight crew '' .
`` I deeply apologize to the customer forcibly removed and to all the customers aboard . No one should ever be mistreated this way . ''
`` The family of Dr. Dao wants the world to know that they are very appreciative of the outpouring of prayers , concerns and support they have received . Currently , they are focused only on Dr. Dao 's medical care and treatment . ''
`` I do n't think anyone looks at the video and is n't a little disturbed that another human being is treated that way , '' Spicer said .
Spicer said he was sure President Donald Trump had seen the video as well .
Of the 613 million people who flew on major US carriers in 2015 , 46,000 were involuntarily denied boarding , according to data from the Department of Transportation - less than 0.008 % .
The majority of those would have been informed before they boarded the flight , said Charles Leocha , the founder of passenger advocacy group Travelers United . He could not remember seeing a passenger violently dragged off a plane . `` It turned my stomach , '' he said .
US fliers have become resigned to chronic delays and poor service , according to Mr Leocha , and a lack of readily available information about their rights meant they were too dependent on the airline managers in situations like these .
Depending on the quality and type of bag , users can pay anything from 99 yuan to 1,878 yuan . The company , Dou Baobao , asks that users pay an additional 30-50 % deposit on the overall market price of the bags .
Dou Baobao founder Cheng Kaiwen told Securities Daily in June that his business model has `` economic and environmental '' benefits , and said that such services could help Chinese users distinguish between fake and real goods in an increasingly saturated market .
Customers can rent one of Rent the Runway ’ s designer dresses and accessories for a 4- or 8-day period for 10 % of the retail price . Rental prices include the dry cleaning and care of the garments .
In March of 2016 the company launched Unlimited , the first subscription to fashion that gives women access to designer clothes and accessories for a flat monthly fee . Through Unlimited customers select 3 pieces on the Rent the Runway site and can keep each item for as long as they want or swap any or all of them out for new selections . The subscription costs $ 139 per month and shipping , dry cleaning , and insurance are included .
Forget about soft drinks and potato chips - a `` vending machine '' in Singapore is offering up luxury vehicles , including Bentleys , Ferraris and Lamborghinis .
Used car seller Autobahn Motors opened a futuristic 15-story showroom in December , with vehicles on display in 60 slots , billing it as the `` world 's largest luxury car vending machine '' .
Customers on the ground floor choose from a touchscreen display which car they wish to see . The car arrives within one to two minutes thanks to an advanced system that manages vehicle retrieval , the company says .
Gary Hong , general manager at Autobahn Motors , said the vending machine format was aimed at making efficient use of space in land-scarce Singapore as well as standing out from the competition .
`` We needed to meet our requirement of storing a lot of cars . At the same time , we wanted to be creative and innovative , '' he told Reuters .
He has been approached by developers interested in using the company 's Automotive Inventory Management System for parking services , he added .
Vehicles on offer run from modern luxury sports cars to classics , including a 1955 Morgan Plus 4 .
US company Carvana also uses vending machine-like towers to sell used cars . In March , it opened an eight-floor structure that holds up to 30 cars in San Antonio , Texas .
Forget flip flops and sun tan lotion , it 's coffee and ketchup that holidaymakers consider their packing essentials , according to a new study .
While the French favour cheese with more than half ( 53 percent ) squeezing a dairy treat into their suitcase , perhaps unsurprisingly 48 percent of Brits take tea bags with them on a getaway , to make a brew on the move .
A survey of travellers from 29 countries and regions has revealed the top unexpected items each nationality takes abroad , ensuring that wherever they go they have a taste of home with them .
The study by lowcostholidays surveyed 7,500 people from around the world ensuring that a minimum of 250 locals had been interviewed for each country .
Illustrated in an infographic , the study found that 56 percent of respondents from Japan packed Miso soup while 64 percent of Italians could n't travel without coffee .
Perhaps fearing that food overseas might need seasoning , ketchup was the essential item for 38 percent of New Zealanders , while 41 percent of Indonesians packed hot sauce and 38 percent of Mexicans carried canned chillies .
Transporting a kitchen essential from home , Australians could n't bear to be without vegemite ( 41 percent packed it ) while 55 % of South Koreans can be found carrying Kimchi and 39 percent of Chinese mainland travellers pack instant noodles .
For Germans with a sweet tooth , 43 percent packed treats in the form of Haribo while 43 percent of Irish tourists squirrel away Silvermints in their suitcase .
Concerned more with entertainment on the road than their taste buds , 37 percent of Russians surveyed travel with a pack of playing cards . While handily , 30 percent of Swiss travellers carry a pocket knife .
Interestingly , those from the USA , Hong Kong and Belgium were more pre-occupied with packing essentials that related to grooming and hygiene .
The study found 32 percent of Americans take toilet paper with them on their travels , a staggering 66 percent of Belgians pack Washandjes ( wash cloths ) and 60 percent of people from Hong Kong carry pocket tissues with them .
Honing in on Brits , after tea bags , marmite was a popular item to pack with 14 percent of respondents taking the spread overseas , along with 11 percent carrying chocolate hob nobs , nine percent Vicks Vapor Rub and just 8 percent plumping for coffee .
It ’ s not a chocolate coin wrapped in gold foil , people . That ’ s actual metal that composes that Olympic medal , so why do athletes bite them ?
There ’ s actually a few reasons , but the most obvious is that it ’ s a pose photographers really , really like to capture .
“ It ’ s become an obsession with the photographers , ” David Wallechinsky , the president of the International Society of Olympic Historians and co-author of “ The Complete Book of the Olympics ” told CNN in 2012 . “ I think they look at it as an iconic shot , as something that you can probably sell . I don ’ t think it ’ s something the athletes would probably do on their own . ”
Biting down on a hunk of metal is more likely something someone might have done during the Gold Rush to test whether the shiny golden rock they just panned for was actually pyrite or fool ’ s gold . Human teeth are harder than gold but softer than pyrite , according to the Mohs Hardness Scale . This means a quick gnaw to real gold would actually leave an indentation . A hard chew of pyrite , meanwhile , might damage your teeth .
The practice also once served to see whether coins were solid gold or just gold-plated over a cheaper metal , Today I Found Out explains .
With that in mind , it ’ s likely that Old West/pirate lore led to someone once biting their Olympic medal in a spontaneous , “ Is this real life ? ” moment , and the photographers thought it was cute . Because if someone really was hoping to discover whether that gold medal is pure gold , their smiles would quickly fade .
Olympic gold medals are actually just 1.34 percent gold . The rest is sterling silver . And much of it is recycled silver this time around , which makes the 20-16 Rio medals “ the most sustainable ever made , ” according to Forbes magazine contributor Anthony DeMarco . DeMarco says the materials that make up a “ gold ” medal are worth $ 564 .
National legislators from Heilongjiang province , which is China 's principal producer of non-genetically-modified soybeans , are calling for a law to set up a special zone where the planting and processing of GM plants is prohibited .
Deputies to the country 's top legislature hope such a law would preserve ecological diversity , benefit farmers who plant non-GM soybeans and avoid `` possible contamination '' of the soybean crop by GM plants .
The size of the proposed special zone would restore the province 's soybean growing acreage to its 2010 level of 4.3 million hectares , said national lawmaker Tan Zhijuan .
Tan said universities in Heilongjiang and beyond should have first call on the non-GM soybean products coming out of the special zone .
`` Heilongjiang , China 's largest producer of non-GM soybeans , has seen its planting acreage downsized to a tipping point of 1.4 million hectares , '' said Tan , who is a veteran agricultural specialist .
`` This represents a drop of a staggering 66 percent in five years following the influx of much cheaper GM imports . ''
Nationwide , China imported 81.7 million tons of soybeans－mostly GM ones－last year , which meant more than 80 percent of its soybean consumption was met by imports , said Tan .
`` China has the world 's most diversified wild soybean resources , '' Tan said .
As a responsible country , China must protect living genetic material including seeds and tissue used for plant breeding , preservation and research , Tan said .
Although the planting of GM soybeans has not been detected so far in Heilongjiang province , there are risks that GM seeds might find their way to the fields , for example , through leakage from road transportation , Tan warned .
She said the key to establishing the non-GM soybean protection zone would be to build up an industrial chain that streamlines the planting , processing and sales of non-GM soybeans .
This non-GM industrial chain will differentiate itself from that for GM products and improve the competitive edge of the domestic soybean industry to target its niche market , Tan said .
Microsoft 's operating systems unit Executive Vice-President Terry Myerson took to the stage to talk up the new software at the Windows Hardware Engineering Community ( WinHEC ) summit in Shenzhen , China . Having already confirmed that current users of Windows 7 and 8 would get a free upgrade to Windows 10 , Myerson revealed that the free upgrade will be available to illegal copies of the software too .
The move is an attempt to bring pirate users back into the official Microsoft sphere , and is likely to have the greatest impact in China , where it 's reported that the majority of software is not properly licensed . To tackle China , Microsoft has partnered with Chinese companies Tencent and Qihu 360 .
Microsoft also revealed that Windows 10 will launch in 190 countries `` this summer '' .
Desktop PCs will need to be packing at least 1GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage to run the 32-bit version of Windows 10 . Computers will need to double that up for the 64-bit edition . Screens are required to be bigger than 7 inches for Windows Pro , or bigger than 8 inches for the consumer version .
According to data from the Pew Research Center , 72 percent of Internet users say they turn to the Web for health information in a given year . I know it ’ s tempting , especially late at night when the doctor ’ s office is closed , but I ’ d urge you to step away from the keyboard . Some online resources can yield inaccurate , even dangerous , advice . I asked the analysts at Google to share some of the most commonly searched health questions . Here are answers you can trust—and some online advice you should disregard .
Is there any way to stop snoring ?
Snoring happens when your airflow becomes partially blocked . Some easy fixes : Try sleeping on your side or stomach ( research shows those positions may reduce snoring ) and avoiding alcohol ( liquor can relax throat muscles , making it more difficult for air to get through ) . If the racket is heavy and accompanied by gasping or pauses in your breathing , you might have sleep apnea ; your doctor may suggest a mouthpiece or a breathing machine to ease your nighttime breathing .
Reality check : You may have read that throat sprays prevent snoring—not true . Snoring that arises in the throat happens because the muscles are too relaxed . There ’ s no reason lubricating or numbing your throat would have any effect .
Is coffee bad for you ?
Just the opposite . Numerous studies have shown that coffee is associated with impressive health perks . It ’ s been linked to lower risk of heart disease , Parkinson ’ s , and liver cancer—and it might even help you live longer . In fact , a recent study in the American Journal of Epidemiology found that people who drank coffee had a lower risk of death over the course of 11 years compared with those who skipped joe altogether .
Reality check : Some people believe that drinking coffee before working out will leave you dehydrated . In actuality , one study found that java ’ s diuretic effects don ’ t exist with exercise .
How many grams of sugar should I have per day ?
The 2015 Dietary Guidelines for Americans recommends that less than 10 percent of daily calories come from added sugars . That ’ s under 200 calories , or 50 grams , in a 2,000-calorie diet .
Reality check : If you ’ ve been avoiding fruits that are high in sugar , you can stop . The guidelines are only for added sugars , not those naturally occurring in unprocessed food .
How can I get rid of love handles ?
An amped-up workout can help . A review in the Journal of Obesity found that women who did high-intensity interval workouts burned more of the subcutaneous belly fat that causes love handles than women who exercised longer at a lower-intensity , steady pace .
Reality check : It ’ s a myth—I repeat , a myth—that juice cleanses can whittle your waist for good . Exercise and eating nutritious foods in reasonable portions will shrink love handles long-term .
What ’ s the secret to banishing cellulite ?
Cellulite occurs when fat pushes against connective tissue , making the skin above it pucker . If you ’ re considering liposuction , don ’ t . ( It can ’ t break up the connective tissues that cause dimples . ) The best things you can do are exercise ( cardio plus resistance training ) and eat high-fiber foods while avoiding processed sugar and fat , which can contribute to cellulite .
Reality check : Heard the one about coffee grounds treating cellulite ? Don ’ t believe it . No scientific studies have shown it works .
Good to Know
Online symptom trackers— including ones by WebMD , iTriage , and the Mayo Clinic—provided the correct diagnosis first in a list of possible outcomes in only 34 percent of cases , according to a 2015 report .
Harry Potter creator JK Rowling has been named the world 's most highly paid author with earnings of £72m this year .
Rowling beat the likes of Dan Brown , Stephen King and John Grisham to top Forbes ' list of the 10 highest earners in the global industry for the first time in almost 10 years .
The announcement comes soon after her legions of worldwide fans celebrated the 20th anniversary of her first installment of the boy wizard series .
She has written a further six Harry Potter titles , which have been turned into eight blockbuster feature films , and she last year made her screenwriting debut with a prequel movie , Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them .
On Wednesday it was announced that the smash-hit stage play Harry Potter And The Cursed Child will move to Broadway next year .
The mother-of-three , 52 , first began writing about the wizarding world while struggling to make ends meet living as a single mother on benefits in Edinburgh .
The books ' popularity soon made her a multi-millionaire and she has since released several other novels , founded children 's charity Lumos , and amassed more than 11 million Twitter followers keen to keep track of her regularly shared thoughts on political and social issues .
Aside from Rowling , the US business magazine 's list also includes British authors Paula Hawkins and EL James - whose respective novels The Girl On The Train and 50 Shades Of Grey have both been turned into major movies in recent years - while the others are all American .
List organizers added that Game Of Thrones creator George RR Martin , The Fault In Our Stars writer John Green and Divergent trilogy author Veronica Roth , just failed to make the top 10 .
WORLD 'S BEST PAID AUTHORS
1 . JK Rowling ( Harry Potter ) - $ 95,000,000
2 . James Patterson ( Women ’ s Murder Club ) - $ 87,000,000
3 . Jeff Kinney ( Diary Of A Wimpy Kid ) - $ 21,000,000
4 . Dan Brown ( The Da Vinci Code ) - $ 20,000,000
5 . Stephen King ( The Dark Tower ) - $ 15,000,000
6 . John Grisham ( The Innocent Man ) - $ 14,000,000
7 . Nora Roberts ( Year One ) - $ 14,000,000
8 . Paula Hawkins ( The Girl On The Train ) - $ 13,000,000
9 . EL James ( Fifty Shades Of Grey ) - $ 11,500,000
10 . Danielle Steel ( The Duchess ) - $ 11,000,000
Would you drink to Greece leaving the eurozone ?
A `` no '' vote in Greece 's referendum on Sunday , when the public will vote on whether to accept austerity conditions for bailout funds , will be seen by major European leaders as the country turning its back on the eurozone .
That eventuality has come to be known as the Grexit , and now that word has another meaning that could sting the throats of more than just Greeks .
A German entrepreneur has trademarked the word Grexit and plans to launch an alcoholic beverage in its name .
Uwe Dahlhoff registered the word with the German Patent and Trademark Office back in January and reportedly hopes to have bottles on shelves in the coming days , retailing for as little as 0.59 ( 42p ) .
The label of the lemon-flavoured vodka drink , which has a 16pc alcohol content , shows Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras and finance minister Yanis Varoufakis smiling and clinking bottles underneath a European Union flag with Angela Merkel 's concerned face in the circle of stars .
The drink 's tag line `` sauer macht lustig '' means `` even sour fruit is good '' , which Greek blog the Pappas Post explains roughly translates as `` when life gives you lemons , make lemonade '' .
Mr Dahlhoff seems to think it 's important to see the funny side of things , no matter how dire they seem . Some people are satirizing the situation in print and on TV , he said , as reported by Global Post . I m doing it on a bottle .
He understands that the drink might go down the wrong way for some people , though . Lots of people understand that it is supposed to be satirical , he said . `` Naturally there are people who ca n't take a joke .
But he hopes that people do n't just see his idea as a ridiculous gag . He told Ukraine Today : `` All I can say is that bringing the product out as a satire is supposed to make people think twice about it all , or to think about it all at all , and to look at how serious the situation really is . ''
This is not the German entrepeneur 's first boozy gag . His previous political punches include Helmut 's Pear , a fruity liqueur in honour of the similarly-shaped former chancellor Helmut Kohl , and Erich 's Revenge , named after the East German Communist leader Erich Honecker .
Mr Dahlhoff had originally planned to make the cocktail with ouzo , according to German newspaper Die Welt , but EU regulations stipulate that the Greek anise-flavoured spirit can only be produced in Greece .
Not being Greek , Mr Dahlhoff wo n't have a vote in Sunday 's referendum . Still , his project gives `` message in a bottle '' a whole new meaning .
On my last full day in Rio de Janeiro , I wanted to see how the rest of the city lives , so I decided to visit a section of the favelas , areas known for poverty , gang violence , and the setting of Fast and Furious 5 . Wouldn ’ t it be funny if I got shot right before I left ? No it wouldn ’ t be , but just don ’ t tell my mom I ’ m going . After a heart-stopping drive up the steep hills , we finally arrive at one of the best restaurants in Rio , nestled in the colorful favela buildings .
The rooftop bar of the restaurant might have the best view of Rio , maybe even better than the tourism sites . In front of the mountains are short stubby houses painted in street art and put together like intricate puzzle pieces to form the favela community . Off beyond the mountains are high-rise buildings seemingly planted on the edge of the coast , where some of the Rio Olympic events are held .
Not only is the view gorgeous , it also more accurately represents Rio than the main tourist sites . This is a city made up of contrasts . Standing on this roof , I see the contradiction of poverty and development all in one snapshot . If I zoomed in , I would see the Brazilians that form one of the most diverse cities in the world . I would see the different shades of humanity mingled together and coexisting .
But this observation isn ’ t just about Rio ; it also applies to the Rio Olympics . This past week has taught me much more than just journalism and sports .
I rewind my memory tape back to visiting the athlete village and cheering with strangers in stadiums . Where else am I going to be around so many people with such contrasting backgrounds ? Maybe it ’ s just the chatterbox habits of a young journalist at play , but I ’ m really going to miss being able to talk to strangers around me without being weird . At the Olympics , people are often pretty eager to learn more about others around them , wherever they may come from .
I ’ ve enjoyed doing what my mom always advised me not to do : talk to strangers . I experienced sitting beside and cheering with people from Brazil , France , Russia , Hungary , America and China . I ’ ve been speaking English to different people with various accents that I might even be catching on a mix of them .
Like many other young people I know , this is the kind of diversity I dream of . Everyone has a life story so much different from yours , so there ’ s always something new you can learn .
“ Omg , how ’ s the Rio Olympics ? ” a lot of my friends asked me through text .
How do I respond to that ? In short , I usually say it ’ s been crazy/interesting/tiring . I really can ’ t capture the essence of my experience here in a text message , but here ’ s a key aspect . At Rio Olympics , I ’ ve learned to appreciate coexistence in the face of contrast .
The opening ceremony and my first article really provided some foreshadowing for the rest of my time here . I remember the recreated favela buildings at the ceremony on the first day and I remember the meaning I discovered when I visited them in person today . I guess the peace and tolerance messages did last beyond the show .
The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do n't represent views of China Daily website .
China has , overall , achieved a stable performance while at the same time securing progress in its economic and social development .
The main indication of this stable performance is that the economy operated within an appropriate range . The underlying feature demonstrating progress is that our development is becoming better coordinated and more sustainable .
Middle-income trap
In order to defuse problems and risks , avoid falling into the `` middle-income trap , '' and achieve modernization , China must rely on development , and development requires an appropriate growth rate .
Tigers in the road
China 's economic development has entered a new normal . Our country is in the crucial period during which challenges need to be overcome and problems need to be solved . Systemic , institutional , and structural problems have become `` tigers in the road '' holding up development . Without deepening reform and making economic structural adjustments , we will have a difficult time sustaining steady and sound development .
Dual objectives , twin engines
We must focus on achieving the dual objectives of maintaining a medium-high-level growth rate and moving toward a medium-high-level of development . We need to maintain policy continuity and keep expectations stable while moving forward with reform and structural adjustment , and we need to develop twin engines to drive development : popular entrepreneurship and innovation , paired with increased supplies of public good and services . This will ensure that our growth rate is adjusted without weakening momentum and that growth in quantity is underpinned by greater quality , thereby achieving a better-quality , more efficient , upgraded economy .
The slowdown in economic growth , making difficult structural adjustments , and absorbing the effects of previous economic stimulus policies
In the current stage of development , China has to deal simultaneously with the slowdown in economic growth , making difficult structural adjustments , and absorbing the effects of previous economic stimulus policies . As resource-related and environmental constraints grow and costs for labor and other factors of production rise , a model of development that draws on high levels of investment and energy consumption and is heavily driven by quantitative expansion becomes difficult to sustain . We must therefore improve the economic structure while ensuring steady growth .
Cuts
Procedures and processes must be simplified and time frames must be clarified for all items requiring administrative review , and cuts to government power will be made to boost market vitality .
Made in China 2025
Manufacturing is a traditionally a strong area for Chinese industry . We will implement the `` Made in China 2025 '' strategy ; seek innovation-driven development ; apply smart technologies ; strengthen foundations ; pursue green development ; and redouble our efforts to upgrade China from a manufacturer of quantity to one of quality .
`` Internet Plus '' action plan
We will develop the `` Internet Plus '' action plan to integrate the mobile Internet , cloud computing , big data , and the Internet of Things with modern manufacturing , to encourage the healthy development of e-commerce , industrial networks , and Internet baking , and to guide Internet-based companies to increase their presence in the international market .
Key figures for China 's economy in 2015
7 % : Increase GDP by approximately 7 percent
3 % : Keep increase in CPI at around 3 percent
10 million : Create over 10 million jobs in urban areas
4.5 % : Ensure registered urban unemployment rate not to exceed 4.5 percent
6 % : Increase imports and exports by around 6 percent
3.1 % : Cut energy intensity by 3.1 percent
1.62 trillion yuan : Annual government budget deficit is projected to be 1.62 trillion yuan
2.3 % : Deficit to GDP ratio will rise from last year 's 2.1 percent to 2.3 percent
12 % : M2 money supply is forecasted to grow by around 12 percent , but actual supply may be slightly higher
477.6 billion yuan : The central government will increase its budgetary investment to 477.6 billion yuan
800 billion yuan : Over 800 billion yuan will be invested in railway construction and open over 8,000 km of railways to traffic
800 billion yuan : Over 800 billion yuan will be invested in the major water conservancy projects
7.4 million : Build an additional 7.4 million units of government-subsidized housing
10 million : Reduce the poor rural population by more than 10 million
3.1 % : Cut the intensity of carbon dioxide by at least 3.1 percent
3.66 million : Renovate 3.66 million dilapidated rural houses
Michael Phelps will have the honor of carrying the US flag as he competes at his fifth Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro this month .
He will be the first swimmer to be the flag-bearer since Gary Hall in 1976 , leading the American team in Friday 's opening ceremony .
`` I 'm honored to be chosen , proud to represent the US , and humbled by the significance of carrying the flag and all it stands for , '' said Phelps , who is the most decorated Olympian of all time with 22 medals .
`` For Sydney , I just wanted to make the team . For Athens , I wanted to win gold for my country . For Beijing , I wanted to do something nobody else had done . In London , I wanted to make history .
`` And now , I want to walk in the opening ceremony , take it all in , represent America in the best possible way and make my family proud . This time around , it 's about so much more than medals . ''
Phelps retired after the London 2012 Olympics , where he took his career haul to 18 gold medals , but came out of retirement two years later .
He was banned for six months after being arrested for drink driving and speeding , missing the 2015 world championships , but subsequently qualified for the 100 and 200 meters butterfly plus the 200m individual medley .
Now 31 , he is only the second American swimmer to have qualified for five Olympic Games , and the first male .
Phelps will resume his rivalry with US teammate Ryan Lochte in the 200m medley , while he will have the chance to avenge a rare defeat in the butterfly .
While Phelps beat Chad le Clos in the 100m in London four years ago , the South African claimed a notable success in the 200 as he defeated his childhood hero -- winning by just 0.05 seconds .
It 's an extreme measure to save water - a shower curtain that physically ejects the user after four minutes .
Specifically targeted at those who spend leisurely periods of time in the bathroom , London-based artist , Elisabeth Buecher , created the unique product to force people to change their water-wasting habits .
Named 'Spiky ' , the shower curtain features soft plastic spikes which lie flaccid during the shower , and upon reaching the time limit , dramatically inflate and jut outwards , forcing the user out .
'Spiky ' functions by rigging the tap with a sensor which triggers the non-painful spikes after reaching the four-minute limit .
The colorful soft spikes are attached to a plastic shower curtain , and after expanding with air , trap the bewildered user , ensuring the shower swiftly becomes an uncomfortable and cramped experience .
In the humorous demonstration images , a woman is seen having a shower in a stall , with the spikes hanging loosely on the wall . She is seen to be engaging in some in-shower singing , wasting water while taking her leisurely wash .
The soft spikes are next seen to inflate and immediately jut into the terrified user , who clutches on frantically . She tries to reclaim her balance , and is unable to continue her enjoyable experience , as the spikes take up all available space .
Although undoubtedly an ingenious water-saving tool , many have questioned its flexibility , particularly for those that need to wash their hair - an exercise which will certainly last longer than four minutes .
However , as it stands , the shower curtain is currently only an art installation and not available for commercial sale .
But the artist has told Huffington Post : 'I would love to develop it into a commercial product . People get very excited about it for lots of different reasons ... design , ecology , education , art .
The light-hearted invention is part of the textile-based artist and educator 's project , My Shower Curtain is a Green Warrior .
A project established for the public to report issues with trees in their local council has taken a curious turn , after every tree in the city was given its own email address . The Urban Forest Strategy in Melbourne began in 2013 , with the intention restore the city 's connection with its natural side .
Thousands of trees were given ID numbers and email addresses so locals could report any problems , but soon love letters to the trees began to pour in from around the world . From Melbournians thanking the trees for providing air , to a child asking what it feels like when leaves fall off , the trees have received over 3000 emails . Coming from as far as Russia , Germany , the US , the UK , Hungary , Moldova , Singapore , Brazil , Denmark and Hong Kong , the letters often ask questions of the trees .
'How old are you ? ' is one commonly asked , while other writers request photos of the trees they are conversing with . The most emailed tree is a Golden Elm on busy Punt Road , who was described by one person as The Magic Faraway Tree , from Enid Blyton 's childhood classic .
'You are my favorite tree in all of Melbourne ! Even if you do need a little bit of help under that great leafy canopy ' , wrote one nature enthusiast .
'Do you remember when I used to drive by you ? ' asked L in their letter .
'You are my favorite tree , even though you make me stoop over during my morning run when you grow too big ' , emailed another to the Golden Elm .
Sometimes if people are so lucky , the trees respond to questions asked in emails . 'So lovely to be appreciated . I am lucky to be well looked after ' , the Golden Elm wrote in response to one letter .
Chair of the City of Melbourne 's Environment Portfolio Cr Arron Wood said the initiative was launched in an effort to save hundreds of trees lost to droughts . 'Melbourne has long been regarded as Australia 's 'garden city ' , but 13 years of drought in tandem with severe water restrictions left the City 's urban forest in a state of unprecedented decline , ' he said . 'By 2009 , 40 per cent of our significant trees were declining or dying . '
Has the glitzy fad finally gone too far ?
We 've had glitter boobs , bottoms and even glitter for your vagina but now beauty buffs have found a new place to sparkle up – their tongues .
In a quest to cover absolutely every part of their bodies in the stuff , the hot new trend involves dunking your tongue in brightly-colored glitter to create the ultimate Insta-worthy shot .
Interestingly , the over-the-top trend actually started out as a bit of an accident .
Australian make-up artist Jacinta Vukovic accidentally instigated the glitter tongue when some sparkles mistakenly ended up on her tongue during the creation of a dazzling lip look .
`` I thought I would embrace it and make it the main focus , '' she wrote on Instagram .
Since then , the trend has gone viral with fellow make-up artists and glitter enthusiasts attempting to recreate the glitzy mouth look .
While it all sounds like a bit of harmless fun , concerns are growing that the trend could be causing health problems . Although swallowing small amounts of glitter wo n't kill you , it can cause problems with digestion , trigger stomach aches and even blockages .
On a larger scale , glitter is also bad for the environment . It 's made up of micro plastics which can leech chemicals and harbor dangerous bacteria that gets into our water and food supply .
If you do fancy giving the glitter tongue a go , we suggest opting for edible glitter like the stuff used in cake decorating or opting for a product that labels itself as non-toxic .
China is gradually shedding its reputation as the world ’ s technology copycat . Some Chinese companies are also leading the way in new services and business models .
The move toward pioneering also reflects a generational change , says Derrick Xiong , chief marketing officer of drone maker Ehang .
The new generation of entrepreneurs , “ the post-90s , were born to be global , ” he says ; “ they have never experienced hard times in China so they have a completely different mindset ” more akin to that of their peers in the US or Europe than their parents .
China has embraced bike-sharing , pioneering a dockless model that offers cyclists advantages over comparable services in London and New York : bikes are unlocked using mobile apps , and can be picked up and left anywhere . Many are even GPS-tracked . Mobike ( orange ) and Ofo ( yellow ) have led the pack . One financier , only half joking , opines that the only barrier to entry will be when they run out of colours .
A subsequent crackdown by regulators , irked at the piles of dumped bikes littering cities , portends potholes on the road . But that hasn ’ t deterred the like of LimeBike from rolling out a similar service in the US states of California , North Carolina and Florida following the dockless , QR code-based Chinese model .
For much of China , the QR code , a type of barcode , is the key that unlocks the digital world . A swipe of the matrix with a mobile device lets a user hire a bike , pay for goods and grab a new contact ’ s details : why swap business cards when you can just hover your phone over that of your new acquaintance ?
Companies in the US , where the QR code was dismissed in 2013 , now seem to be changing their view . Snapchat picked up the idea in 2015 , allowing users to follow one another as easily as their WeChat peers by scanning each others ’ QR codes , and proceeded to facilitate their use to access websites . Facebook this year is piloting ‘ rewards ’ QR codes to secure discounts in certain shops , while Spotify has adopted the technology to allow users to share music .
WhatsApp ’ s launch last month of business accounts showed the US messaging app taking another step down the path forged by Chinese peer WeChat .
WeChat , Tencent ’ s chat and social media app , has long courted the business world . It is how government , celebrities and businesses from Burberry to Mondelez connect to customers in the Chinese social media space spicing up their chat with cool fashion show snaps , special offers and sales promotions and post information or news . WeChat has more than 20m ‘ official accounts ’ , according to industry estimates , though not all are verfied .
WhatsApp is now jumping on that bandwagon , following in the footsteps of WeChat . In an effort to help businesses keep in touch with their customers and to make money the Facebook-owned app has begun offering ‘ verifed profile ’ accounts , so customers know they are contacting the right shop or service .
The world drew a collective gasp when Amazon splashed out $ 13.7bn in June to buy Whole Foods , bringing its cut-throat online competition to the bricks-and-mortar world of artisanal breads and organic kale . But Chinese rivals were ahead of the game . E-commerce giant Alibaba snapped up stakes in domestic supermarket group Lianhua in May and before that , in department store Intime . JD.com , which operates a similar asset-heavy model to Amazon , has outlined plans for a massive bricks and mortar presence .
Alibaba calls the model “ new retail ” , fusing the physical and online worlds to better please customers try on a frock , buy cat food from the store for later delivery and a rice box to takeaway there and then and ultimately amass more data for itself .
There are plenty of innovations still to tap or expand . Mobile payments in the US are a fraction of those in China , where the market was worth $ 8.8tn last year , according to iResearch . Gifting digital money for instance , at Chinese new year is taking hold elsewhere , already adapted in India via Tencent-backed Hike , a New Delhi-based messaging unicorn .
But arguably the most covetable trend in China is the most basic : education . China last year produced roughly nine times as many graduates in science , technology , engineering and mathematics as the US . Even allowing for China ’ s bigger population , it still punches heavily above its weight , suggesting lot of room for many more innovations to be birthed in China .
Encouraging life to bloom in the middle of a desert is no easy task .
But one company in the United Arab Emirates has come up with a bizarre plan to provide drinking water for the state 's citizens .
The firm intends to haul icebergs from Antarctica to the gulf coast in order to harvest its billions of gallons of fresh water .
The National Advisor Bureau , headquartered in Masdar City , Abu-Dhabi , plans to source the massive blocks of ice from Heard Island , around 600 miles ( 1000 kilometres ) off the coast of mainland Antarctica .
It will then transport them around 5,500 miles ( 8,800 km ) to Fujairah , one of the seven emirates which make up the UAE .
One iceberg could provide enough for one million people over five years , according to the company .
And the scheme could begin as early as the start of 2018 .
The firm 's director says they have already travelled the transportation route and used simulators to check the feasibility of the scheme , according to reports in Gulf News .
Speaking to the site about what he is calling the UAE Iceberg Project , Abdullah Mohammad Sulaiman Al Shehi said : 'Our simulator predicts that it will take up to one year [ to tow an iceberg to UAE ] .
'We have formulated the technical and financial plan . Towing is the best method . We will start the project in beginning of 2018 .
'We want it mainly for the water . It could also be good for tourism and the weather . '
The UAE is one of the most arid countries and one of the top 10 most water-scarce in the world , due to its extremely arid climate , which receives less than four inches ( 100 mm ) of rainfall per year .
Despite that , it consumes more water than double the global national average putting the country at severe risk of droughts over the next 25 years .
An average iceberg contains more than 20 billion gallons of water , according to the Abu Dhabi-based company .
They take a long time to melt as 80 percent of their mass is underwater , while the white ice above reflects sunlight and deflects its heat .
Upon arrival at a specially constructed processing facility , workers will 'mine ' the icebergs for their water supplies .
Blocks of ice will be chipped off and placed in giant tanks , before being filtered and processed .
'This is the purest water in the world ' , Mr Al Shehi added .
He also claims the iceberg 's presence could provide a more moist micro-climate in the area , perhaps even prompting rainfall .
And the project may prove a boost for tourism if it proves a success , with people travelling to see the unusual sight of an iceberg off the coast of the Arabian Gulf .
Pope Francis was named fourth , after the jury said his `` humble '' leadership had changed the Catholic Church for the better .
And the actor Leonardo DiCaprio was given the fifth slot , as a result of his work to combat climate change culminating in the film `` Beyond the Flood '' .
An American Mormon missionary was injured in the Brussels airport terrorist attack after having previously survived the Boston bombing and the Paris attacks .
Mason Wells , 19 , suffered a ruptured Achilles tendon , injuries from shrapnel and second- and third-degree burns on his face and hands after the bombing .
Two missionaries who were with Mason also suffered injuries , but survived .
'This is his third terrorist attack , ' Chad Wells , Mason 's father , told ABC News .
'We live in a dangerous world and not everyone is kind and loving . '
Chad said he and Mason were a block away from the finish line of the Boston Marathon , where the bombing took place , waiting for Mason 's mother , Kymberly Wells , who was a runner .
'It had shaken their bodies and he had taken Mason to our hotel and said to stay there . 'Mason was very calm and composed , ' Kymberly told ABC News .
Mason is currently in a Belgian hospital and is expected to make a full recovery , he told his parents . He was at 'ground zero ' of the blast zone when the bombs went off .
Chad said a Mormon official relayed to the Wells family that Mason , 'despite being on the ground and bleeding actually had a sense of humor and remained calm through the situation ' .
'Mason has always assured us that he is safe and careful .
'I told him first and foremost always be aware of your surroundings , please be very careful when you 're traveling be very observant to people around you , ' Kymberly said .
The teen was also in Paris last year during the attacks .
'He shared with us that he was extremely close to the blast where he was burned by it , ' Chad said .
'It 's a blessing from God he 's alive . '
Two explosions ripped through the departures terminal in the Brussels Airport during a suicide bomb attack this morning , killing at least 34 people and injuring dozens of others .
President Barack Obama said the worst mistake of his presidency was a lack of planning for the aftermath of the 2011 toppling of Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi .
`` Probably failing to plan for the day after what I think was the right thing to do in intervening in Libya , '' he said in a Fox News interview aired Sunday .
This is not the first time in recent weeks he has talked about Libya and the NATO-led intervention which resulted in Gadhafi 's death in October of that year , months after NATO first intervened .
In a profile published last month in The Atlantic , the President told author Jeffrey Goldberg that British Prime Minister David Cameron became `` distracted by a range of other things '' after the operation .
Cameron , along with former French President Nicolas Sarkozy , took the brunt of Obama 's criticism .
Although Obama said he thinks the intervention went as well as it could , he views Libya today as a `` mess . ''
In The Atlantic , Obama said he had more faith in Europeans `` being invested in a follow-up '' given their geographical `` proximity '' and largely blames their inaction for the `` mess . ''
Obama said in the Sunday interview that `` saving the economy from a great depression '' after the financial crisis in 2008 was his top White House accomplishment .
And -- as he has before -- he said his best day in the White House was when health care reform passed .
He also recounted that his worst day in the White House was `` the day we traveled up to Newtown after Sandy Hook '' when 20 children , mostly first-graders , were killed on December 14 , 2012 at an elementary school . He spoke at a local prayer vigil two days later .
Chinese celebrities , with their overwhelming influence , fame and money , are becoming importantpillars in the field of charity . Aside from doing a charity relay at the annual Bazaar Charity Night , many of them are contributing to society in their own way .
Last Friday , China Philanthropist magazine issued a ranking list , in which Chinese celebrities , including film stars , artists , athletes , TV anchors and writers were evaluated for the charity work they have done in the past year . Their work was assessed based on how they contributed : donation ( 10 percent ) , fund raising ( 15 percent ) , charity activities ( 40 percent ) and charity influence ( 35 percent ) .
The fact that the report gave more credit to charity activities and charity influences other than the traditional donation alone in ranking shows that personal involvement in charity work seems more important – as it results in a certain social morality that encourages charity on the whole .
According to the list , the top 10 celebrities in charity work are : Huang Xiaoming and Angelababy couple ( 83 ) , Jackie Chan ( 81 ) , Fan Bingbing ( 80 ) , Cui Yongyuan ( 79 ) , Zhao Wei ( 78 ) , Yang Lan ( 78 ) , Han Hong ( 77 ) , Yao Ming ( 75 ) , Wang Han ( 72 ) , Yuan Li ( 71 ) , and Jiang Yiyan ( 71 , parallel toYuan Li ) . Now , let 's look at what celebrities at top 10 of the list have done to pass their kindness on to society .
The launch ceremony of the 21st Century National English Speaking Competition was held in Beijing Wednesday . The contest is co-sponsored by China Daily , Coca-Cola Greater China and New Oriental School , and organized by 21st Century Education Media . It is the 21th 21st Century Coca-Cola Cup and 14th 21st Century New Oriental Cup National English Speaking Competition .
Zhang Hongbin , deputy director of the International Liaison Office of the State Council Information Office , attended the ceremony and delivered a speech . “ Professionals with international vision are strongly needed during the process of One Belt and One Road construction being promoted by the country , ” according to Zhang . Students could be trained and encouraged through this contest , which can play a part in improving their communication skills .
David Brooks , president for Coca-Cola Greater China and South Korea , shared his feelings of living and working in China for 40 years in his speech . He said great changes have taken place in China ’ s international communication since reform and opening up . Mastering a foreign language is like putting a credit card in your pocket , he said . You will benefit from both of them in your whole life . Coca Cola has been promoting the 21st Century National English Competition in the past four years and will continue to support the competition , Brooks added .
Wang Ximin , deputy editor-in-chief with China Daily , delivered a speech and announced an innovative adjustment plan . He said this competition has become a traditional one in domestic education circle . “ We are always working to establish a platform for school-to-school , student-to-student , and student-to-society communication . We are striving to make greater contributions to English education and healthy growth of students , ” said Wang .
Other guests who attended the ceremony included Tang Wensheng , vice-chairperson of the Soong Ching Ling Foundation ; Liu Na , researcher of the liaison office of Working Committee for the Care of the Next Generation ; Luo Ping , assistant vice-president of Beijing New Oriental Education Techonology ; and Sun Jisheng , assistant to the dean of China Foreign Affairs University . A total of 200 attendees were at the launch ceremony .
Youth and Sports Minister Imam Nahrawi has announced the government will provide larger bonuses and pensions for Indonesian medalists at the upcoming Olympics in Rio Di Janeiro , in Brazil . Gold medalists will receive a bonus of Rp 5 billion ( US $ 377,500 ) and a lifetime pension of Rp 20 million per month .
Athletes who win silver and bronze will receive Rp 2 billion and Rp 1 billion respectively , plus pensions of Rp 15 million and Rp 10 million .
“ We do hope that these rewards will boost their morale , ” Nahrawi said .
It is a pivotal step for the athletes as it is the first time the government has also included a pension program for medal-winning athletes .
The cash prize for gold is five times the amount promised to athletes in past Olympic meets .
Past athletes also won ’ t miss out , with the government promising to back-pay the pension to medalists in past Olympic and Paralympic meets .
USOC pays athletes $ 25,000 for a gold medal , $ 15,000 for silver and $ 10,000 for bronze .
In the question of team sports , each participating athlete also receives a full medal bonus . So when the US women ’ s soccer team took home gold in London , all 18 team members got a $ 25,000 payout .
Medal bonuses were first introduced by USOC for the 1994 Winter Olympics in Norway . For those Games gold medalists received $ 15,000 , silver medals were worth $ 10,000 and third-place finishers got $ 7,500 . Olympians formerly received just $ 2,500 for a top-eight finish . Payouts were increased to the current rates for the Salt Lake City Winter Olympics in 2002 .
Canada and Australia both pay $ 20,000 in their respective currencies for a gold medal . The United Kingdom doesn ’ t pay medal bonuses , while nations like Singapore , Malaysia and Kazakhstan reportedly have six-figure payouts .
There was disaster at the Oscars on Sunday night as Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway wrongly announced La La Land as the winner of Best Picture , rather than the triumphant Moonlight .
In a heart-stopping moment the stars and producers of La La Land rushed to the stage to give enthusiastic thank you speeches , before being forced to hand their trophies to the stars of Moonlight .
The terrible end to an otherwise triumphant show left the audience gasping in horror , stunned by the mishap - which appeared to have been caused by Beatty opening the wrong envelope .
In an attempt to explain what happened Beatty returned to the stage - describing how he opened the Best picture envelope to see Emma Stone 's name and the words La La Land .
The unbelievable mishap came at the end of an otherwise flawless evening , which saw Casey Affleck and Emma Stone take home their first Oscar .
Casey won Best Actor for Manchester By The Sea , while Emma Stone was crowned Best Actress for her work in La La Land .
Just before that Damien Chazelle won Best Director for La La Land . The musical had already won four other gongs at the event held at the Dolby Theater .
Viola Davis took home her first ever Oscar was crowned Best Supporting Actress for her role in Fences .
The 51-year-old actress gave an impassioned speech about being an actress at the event held at the Dolby Theater in Hollywood on Sunday night .
Viola had tears in her eyes as she said : 'I became an artist , and thank God I did , because we are the only profession that celebrates what it means to live a life . '
It was also a crowning achievement as she became the first black actor to ever receive an Oscar , Emmy , and a Tony .
Earlier in the night , Mahershala Ali took home the gong for Best Supporting Actor for his role in Moonlight .
The directors of Zootopia proudly accepted the Best Animated Feature Film gong .
One even got political during the acceptance speech as they talked about the theme of the movie as they said : 'Zootopia is a story of tolerance being more powerful than fear of the other . '
It was kicked off by an entertaining performance by Justin Timberlake as he did his Trolls hit Ca n't Stop The Feeling .
Then came out host Jimmy Kimmel and starts immediately joking about the state of the US before poking fun at Mel Gibson and saying he 's going to bury the hatchet with Matt Damon .
`` I 've known Matt for a long time now ... he 's a selfish person , those of you who have worked with him know this . Matt could have starred in Manchester by the Sea , '' he said , `` He could have taken that lead actor part for himself , but he did n't . He handed what turned out to be an Oscar-caliber role over to his friend and made a Chinese ponytail movie instead . ''
Best Foreign Language Film was won by The Salesman but director Asghar Farhadi chose not to come due to the 'travel ban ' but had a statement delivered on his behalf .
The annual awards ceremony hosted by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences recognizes excellence in cinematic achievements in the film industry as assessed by the Academy 's voting membership .
Romantic showbiz musical La La Land topped the Oscars nominations list with a whopping 14 nods .
The number ties the record set by Titanic and All About Eve .
After last year 's # OscarsSoWhite controversy , seven of the 20 actors nominated for awards are non-white .
Industry pundits had predicted that a number of black actors and filmmakers would be recognized this year , after calls for a boycott erupted last year when no black actors were among the 20 nominees in the main acting categories .
In a bid to address the issue , the Academy subsequently named nearly 700 new members , almost half of them women and nearly as many people of color .
The Academy 's board of governors has vowed to double the number of female and ethnic minority members by 2020 .
Nighttime talk show funnyman Jimmy Kimmel hosts Hollywood 's glitziest ceremony this year .
Ahead of the awards Kimmel told USA Today that he 's promising humor and respect .
'That ’ s not to say I won ’ t be making fun of people and things . I will but I do recognize for a lot of people this is the biggest night of their professional lives and the last thing I want to do is ruin it for someone . '
The 49-year-old admitted that he was feeling the pressure to do well .
'It ’ s one thing to bomb on a Wednesday night in front of three million people , ' he said . 'But it ’ s another thing entirely to bomb at the Oscars . It stays with you your whole life . '
The youngest person to receive an Oscar was five-year-old Shirley Temple in 1934 , although it was an honorary award for children . The youngest to win a competitive Oscar was Tatum O'Neal , who was 10 when she bagged best supporting actress for `` Paper Moon '' in 1974 .
The oldest winner was Christopher Plummer , who was 82 when he took home best supporting actor in 2012 for `` Beginners . '' The oldest best actor winner was Henry Fonda , for `` On Golden Pond '' in 1982 . He was 76 .
The oldest nominee remains Gloria Stuart , who was 87 when she was recognized for her role as an elderly Rose in 1997 's `` Titanic '' .
The only Oscar winner with Oscar-winning parents is Liza Minnelli , who won best actress for `` Cabaret '' in 1973 . Her mother Judy Garland received an honorary award in 1939 and her father Vincente Minnelli won best director in 1958 .
Three movies have won 11 Oscars : `` Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King '' ( 2003 ) , `` Titanic '' ( 1997 ) and `` Ben-Hur '' ( 1959 ) . `` Titanic , '' `` All About Eve '' ( 1950 ) and `` La La Land '' ( 2016 ) share the record for most nominations , with 14 each .
The only movie to achieve a clean sweep of every award for which it was nominated is `` The Return of the King '' while three contenders -- `` It Happened One Night '' ( 1934 ) , `` One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest '' ( 1975 ) and `` The Silence of the Lambs '' ( 1991 ) -- have swept the `` big five '' awards ( best picture , actor , actress , director and screenplay ) .
The star with the most acting statuettes is Katharine Hepburn , who won best actress in 1934 , 1968 , 1969 and 1982 . Daniel Day-Lewis has three best actor Oscars .
Meryl Streep holds the record for the most nominations for acting , with 20 .
The movie industry figure with the most Oscars is Walt Disney , who won 22 , plus four honorary statuettes .
Sound engineer Kevin O'Connell goes into the 89th Academy Awards with his 21st nomination . He has lost on each occasion , starting with `` Terms of Endearment '' in 1983 , earning him the title `` the unluckiest nominee in history . ''
Women who give birth may be biologically `` older '' than women who do n't , a new study suggests .
For the study , the researchers analyzed information from 1,556 US women ages 20 to 44 who took part in a national survey from 1999 to 2002 , which involved giving blood samples .
The researchers looked at the genetic material inside the women 's cells , specifically the length of their telomeres . These are caps on the ends of chromosomes that protect the chromosomes from damage . Telomeres naturally shorten as people age , but the structures do n't shorten at the same rate in every person . The longer a person 's telomeres are , the more times their cells could hypothetically still divide , research has shown . Thus , telomeres are considered a marker of biological age — that is , the age of a person 's cells , rather than the individual 's chronological age .
Women in the survey who said they 'd given birth to at least one child had telomeres that were about 4 percent shorter , on average , than those of women who 'd never given birth . The findings held even after the researchers took into account other factors that could affect telomere length , including the women 's chronological age , body mass index and smoking habits .
These findings suggest that a `` history of live birth may be associated with shorter telomeres , '' the researchers wrote in their abstract , which was presented at the meeting of the American Public Health Association in Denver .
The study was not designed to determine the reason behind the link , the researchers said . But one hypothesis is that having children increases stress levels , and high stress has been linked with shorter telomeres , the scientists said .
`` It is possible that pregnancy , birth and child-rearing can induce chronic stress , leading to shorter telomere length perhaps through an inflammatory pathway , '' said study researcher Anna Pollack , an assistant professor and environmental and reproductive epidemiologist at George Mason University . However , because the survey was conducted at a single point in time , the researchers can not determine which came first in the women 's lives — giving birth or having shorter telomeres , Pollack said . It 's also possible that for some yet-unknown reason , women with shorter telomeres are more likely than women with longer ones to have children , Pollack said .
More studies are needed that follow women over time and measure the length of their telomeres before , during and after pregnancy , she said .
`` It would be interesting to see how telomere length changes during pregnancy , after birth and during the child-rearing years , and how these changes compare to women who do not have children , '' Pollack said .
A girl got more than she bargained for when she found her royal doppelganger during a school trip .
Twitter user Yuki took a selfie in front of a portrait , which showcased her resemblance to a 'Mongolian princess ' , and shared it on the social media site .
The post from the Japanese student , who has less than 1,000 followers , was a surprise hit and has been retweeted around 50,000 times since it was posted on Saturday .
Yuki traveled to Taiwan on a class trip that included a visit to the National Palace Museum in Taipei .
When she went to the exhibition 'Elegant Gathering of the Princess : The Culture of Appreciating and Collecting Art at the Mongol Yuan Court , ' she noticed a familiar face , China Times reported .
It was a Mongolian princess from the Yuan Dynasty .
The princess bore a striking resemblance to the girl , who took a selfie and then shared a laugh about it with friends .
She then decided to tweet the photo with the caption 'It ’ s me from a previous life way , way , way back . '
The tweet has been retweeted more than 47,000 times and one user even created a gif morphing their faces together .
The image was also shared on Reddit .
One commentator said : 'Lol reddit is full of white people comparing themselves with European paintings . This is nice for a change . '
Another added : 'Are n't you glad that the silly hat thing went out of style ? '
And another chimed in : 'I want to squeeze your cheeks , like an old granny . '
Yuki , however , is not the only person to resemble a famous Chinese person and similar photographs also resurfaced on Chinese social media site Weibo .
Many were of ordinary people posing next to historical paintings or statues but some also featured Chinese Olympic athletes according to Huanqiu .
Seattleis rarely the first US city that comes to Chinese minds . In fact , few people could probably tell Washington state from Washington DC .
Two romantic comedy films have irrevocably shaped the image of Xiyatu , as the city is known in Mandarin , among the Chinese public , and as a result it would not be a stretch to say Seattle is seen as the American capital of romance , somewhat akin to how the world perceives Paris .
In Sleepless in Seattle , Nora Ephron 's 1993 runaway hit , Tom Hanks ' character , Sam , moves with his young son from Chicago to Seattle for a fresh start after the death of his wife . The movie portrays the largest city in the Pacific Northwest not as a canyon of high-rises , but as a bohemian enclave of artists and designers , which possibly did not impress Chinese at the time .
This image may have been altered recently by the screen adaptation of Fifty Shades of Grey , which is largely set in the Seattle area and includes frequent aerial shots and the less-than-tasteful flaunting of wealth and kinky sex .
The narrative setup in Sleepless is almost Chinese to the core : Sam and Annie , played by Meg Ryan , fall in love before actually meeting each other in the flesh . Imagine all those Chinese couples in arranged marriages who were denied the right to face-to-face encounters before their wedding night . This story could have been their silver lining and inspiration .
By contrast , the Chinese movie Finding Mr. Right- the title in Mandarin translates as Beijing Meets Seattle - is very Hollywood in its dramatic arc . The 2013 sleeper hit employs the opposites-attract strategy : Boy meets girl and nothing works out , but we know they 'll end up together because we 've been conditioned by the genre .
Like with Sleepless , the boy and girl in this story are no youngsters in puppy love . Frank , played by Wu Xiubo , is similar to Sam in that he has a child from a previous marriage , but Tang Wei 's Jiajia has nothing in common with Annie . She is a gold digger who is in Seattle to give birth to a child by her wealthy , married boyfriend . The father , who remains unseen , is a symbol of the nouveau riche , whose opulent residence stands in sharp contrast to middle-class living in the Emerald City .
For financial reasons , the movie was actually shot in Vancouver , while the generic English title does not even hint at the promotional power of a movie that made 500 million yuan ( $ 78 million ) at the box office in China .
The movie Finding Mr . Right is predominantly set in Seattle and even references Ephron 's classic when the female protagonist is questioned by a US immigration officer who waves her in as another Sleepless pilgrim .
The movie , also written and directed by a woman , is neither a remake nor a sequel to the 1993 classic , but it pays almost slavish homage by setting the final scene in New York 's Empire State Building . If I were the mayor of Seattle , I would have persuaded director Xue Xiaolu to change the location to the Space Needle , which would have cemented the city 's reputation as a magnet for true love .
It may not have been necessary anyway . There was reportedly a spike in the number of Chinese tourists in Seattle after the movie was released , and that enthusiasm is unlikely to abate anytime soon , with a sequel on the way next year .
Uniforms are a pervasive part of many societies . But in China there seems to be a particular adherence to uniforms . From entering the subway , passing security and stepping onto the train , you will have encountered not one , but multiple uniformed staff . Walking down the street will have meant dodging bright orange street cleaners , food-delivery staff on scooters or identically dressed salon workers receiving their morning briefing . Upon entering your office , you may have passed uniformed security guards on your way to colleagues dressed in suits and ties . They ’ re inescapable .
The uniform 's place in Chinese society can be traced back through the country ’ s history . As in most places across the world , they have been worn throughout the ages in the military to distinguish between factions and provide protection . Each dynasty favored a different style for its soldiers . Drawings of soldiers from the Eastern Zhou Dynasty ( 770-221 B.C . ) show studded boots and uniforms with heavy arm and torso protection , whereas similar depictions from the Sui Dynasty ( A.D. 581-618 ) illustrate draped and layered military wear . Uniforms were often as fierce as the battles their wearers fought in .
Uniforms were also designed to show status and mark levels of authority . In China , the Terracotta Warriors in Xi ’ an were molded to wear styles commonly found in the Qin Dynasty ( 221-207 B.C. ) . Officers ' ranks were discernible by their dress , with generals wearing a dual long jacket , long pants , thigh protectors , a crest hat and a pair of boots with square tips .
But at points throughout history , uniforms were deemed fashion items too . Zhongshan suits ( Chinese tunic suits , above ) were hugely popular among males in 1950s , with women ’ s clothing based on a similar style . Introduced by Sun Yat-Sen and made famous by Mao Zedong who favored it in public , hence the nickname ‘ Mao suit ’ , the clothing became a form of national dress .
In the military , clothing now follows the generic western style of pants , jacket and a hat . The Zhongshan suit has also undergone modernization . With an altered shape and more streamlined look , the once shapeless garment is now fitted and more flattering for the male body . But while it is still a popular choice for Chinese leaders during important events , tunic suits are rarely seen in wider society .
Yet , there are many places where uniforms live on . This is the case in the hospitality industry in particular , explains Catalina Calin , director of Calin Fashion Academy in Beijing .
“ In Europe , you don ’ t see uniforms that often [ compared to China ] . Hospitality is the one industry that is still using them because they can project the type of service or professionalism that you are expecting , ” she says . “ A uniform is very important for how a client sees you , but it ’ s also important for how the employee is feeling . The uniform has to be fitted right for the person to feel confident and beautiful . ”
Calin believes there will be more emphasis on uniforms ’ appearance in the future : “ Chinese ladies are starting to become more conscious of their appearance and beauty . This flows through to the places they work , which have to fit their needs , ” she says , citing staff the New World Hotel ’ s Yin on 12 bar as an example of progression . “ They wear short black skirts , rock-style shoes and dark make-up . This brings a very cool image to the bar . ”
But China ’ s love affair with uniforms stretches far beyond hospitality . While there is no single explanation for this , it may reflect a more inherently collectivist culture , where self-identity is shaped by group memberships . In the workplace , or in schools , people feel a stronger sense of self if they are able to define themselves as part of a group .
China 's economy steps into the `` new normal '' phase , as it is growing in a manageable and relatively balanced manner . Confronted by a weakening overseas market , sliding domestic demand , adjustments in real estate sector and a deeper-level structural shift , the country faces mounting pressure of economic slowdown .
However , the `` new normal '' does not only mean difficulties , challenges and risks . We still have the assertion that China 's economy still has great strategic opportunities and can make great achievements . What has changed is the connotation and condition of this great opportunity .
China 's economy is still featured with the fundamentals that it is growing in a healthy manner , with its development mode and economic structure changed . So the `` new normal '' of China 's economy is breeding a great development opportunity with which the country , as a rising power , embraces the new economic system .
First , the opportunity of major reforms and adjustments . The financial crisis in 2008 exposed the serious structural problem in the world 's economy , and pronounced the end of China 's traditional growth approach . Problems such as great energy consuming and severe pollution along with the high investment , social economic conflict along with the gap in income distribution , and the insufficiency of innovation plagued by excessive control have become hurdles for China to realize a prosperous country , affluent livelihood and the national rejuvenation .
Chinese people have realized that the major reforms and adjustments are the only choice to restructure the fundamentals of China 's social and economic developments . The consensus reached in the `` major reforms '' and `` major adjustments '' is the best gift that the `` new normal '' brings to the next round of China 's economic development . It gives China a great opportunity amid the worldwide structural reforms .
Second , the opportunity in major consumption , major market and constructing the `` effect of major economy '' . Other countries may be amazed to find that China , while stabilizing its position as the world 's second largest economy , has its market demand and domestic consumption greatly improved .
The demand from China becomes a key factor in the world 's demand and the `` effect of a major economy '' has revealed . For the first , the great scale and scope of China 's economy , with the improvement of productivity offsetting the rise of various costs , does not lower its market demand in the world . For the second , the consumption is accelerating , as China 's consumption is growing on an average speed of 13 percent every year .
Along with the expansion of demand from China , the purchase made by China has become a core factor to stabilize the world 's economy . China is shifting its role from `` the world 's factory '' to the `` world 's market '' . For the last , the role as the `` world 's factory '' has been linked with that of the `` world 's market '' , and thus integrates the domestic trade with international trade . It makes the country 's economy more stabilized and greatly improves its capability to deal with the turbulence in the world 's economy .
Third , the opportunity in great potential and constructing pluralistic growth poles . By the end of 2014 , the index in China 's every industry has shown that China 's economy is shifting to post-industrialization , and the dividend of industrialization is wearing out . But we must see the great dimension and size of China 's economy . The Yangtze River Delta region , Pearl River Delta region , and Beijing-Tianjin area have shifted to a growth mode significantly driven by the service industry .
But the per capita GDP in the vast central and west China as well as northeastern China is still lower than $ 5,000 , with the industrialization in these areas remaining fast development in medium term . It will make way for upgrading the industry in the coastal areas , meanwhile accelerate the development in western areas . So the great shift of China 's industry greatly slows down the receding of dividend of China 's industrialization . By constructing the pluralistic growth poles , the layout of China 's growth is more scientific .
Fourth , the opportunity from `` talents '' and seeking second round of demographic dividend . The arrival of Lewis Turning Point and drawing close of aged society mean the traditional population dividend of China is wearing off . But it must be pointed out that it is only in the migrant worker sector that the problems of `` being difficult to hire qualified workers '' and `` labor cost being on the rise '' are most prominent . The layout of China 's employment market features both `` the difficulty of college students to land a job '' and `` the lack of migrant workers '' .
With up to 7 million college students graduating every year , the starting salary of these students have started to draw close to that of farmer-turned workers . But that is the key point for China to shift from a populous country to one with powerful human resources .
It manifests that a large number of well-educated people have prepared China 's industry upgrading with massive highly qualified and low-cost backup reserves . The second round of population dividend that features college students and human resources is replacing the traditional population dividend that features migrant workers and low-end labor force .
Fifth , the opportunity from `` major innovation '' and constructing technology dividend . When screening the various indexes of China 's technology innovation , we will find that the new innovative development approach is taking shape while the extensive mode of economic development comes to an end . First , there is a significant growth in the number of patent applications : the number reached 2.577 million in 2013 , up 15.9 percent . It accounts for 32.1 percent of the world 's total , ranking the top in the world . Second , the expenditure in R & amp ; D increased significantly : it accounts for 2.09 percent of China 's GDP in 2014 , up 12.4 percent , or growing in a high-speed , moderate intensity level . Third , there is a great boost in the prosperity of technology market : in 2013 the trade volume in technology market reached 746.9 billion yuan , up 16 percent . Fourth , the export of high-tech products rose substantially , with the total volume climbing to $ 660.3 billion , or 30 percent of the total export volume . Fifth , the number of technology papers published overseas drew close to 300,000 , making China one of the major powers of technology papers . Sixth , China boasts the world 's largest team of researchers in science and technology sector . All these figures show that China will gradually obtain the dividend in technological innovation as long as it deepens reforms in technological system and encourages all kinds of innovative and creative activities . `` Made in China '' is shifting to `` Innovate by China '' , along with the shift from labor intensive manufacturing to knowledge intensive industries .
Sixth , the opportunity in major upgrade and planning an upgrading version of China 's economy . China 's economy has shown the symbols of overall upgrading under the multiple influences including market , technology and human resources . For one , the consumption behavior has shown substantial upgrading as per capita GDP drew close to $ 8,000.The industrialized-style consumption that centers on basic needs of food , clothing , housing and traffic in the past 30 years begins to shift to post-industrialized consumption that features high-end finished product and service .
For the other , driven by the demand , the industry has started a major shift from manufacturing to service sector , from labor intensive industry to technology intensive sectors . An upgrading version of China 's economy is taking shape .
Seventh , the opportunity in major opening-up and global layout of China 's economy . The overall elevation of China 's economic power and the change in layout of global economy because of the 2008 financial crisis grant China an unprecedented opportunity to carry out major opening-up and global layout . First , China begins to shift from the `` era of exporting commodities '' to the higher level of `` capital export '' . The direct investment in overseas market is rising substantially , with major increases in overseas mergers and acquisitions.The average growth rate surpassed 30 percent , as the FDI in overseas market surpassed $ 100 billion .
Second , the set-up of regional free trade zone radiates the related areas during the process of opening-up . Third , centered on the `` One Belt and One Road '' project , a full integration will be carried out between China 's spatial strategy and opening-up strategy.China will form new international partnership through links and communication .
Fourth , the setup of the world 's financial institutes including the New development Bank , Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and Silk Road Fund breaks the industry landscape dominated by Europe and the United States . These developments expand China 's space in resources distribution and its profitability mode , and will bring China to a new stage of development .
For sure , to secure the above seven opportunities and transfer all strategic chances into real growth and development , we need to tackle effectively all kinds of problems and challenges that the `` new normal '' faces . We need to roll out a system that adapts to the next-round of economic development on the back of full and deepened reforms .
This shocking footage shows around a dozen tiny children running out into the snow wearing just their pants before they throw ice cold water all over themselves .
The nursery children , aged between three and six , are taking part in a daily ritual which teachers and doctors claim will keep them healthy .
A paediatrician checks the children are suitable , and permission from parents is needed as the ice showers are not compulsory .
But as the footage shows , most of the children taking part seem enthusiastic and appeared to enjoy their drenching , despite the cold .
The youngsters get to warm up in a sauna first , before running out , many barefoot into the snow .
One little boy in the footage said : `` It 's not cold , I feel warm . ''
While a girl called Alina adds : `` It 's exciting . ''
These pictures were taken during a week when temperatures were mild for the time of year , between minus 6 celsius and minus 18 celsius .
Pre-school teacher and swimming coach Oksana Kabotko , 41 , told the Siberian Times : `` Children have the ice cold shower if it 's no colder than minus 25C .
`` Those children who have ice cold shower daily , not once every two weeks , come regularly to the kindergarten .
`` Of course , they can go down with some illness during the winter but it passes more quickly , after a few days at home .
`` Those who do n't take an ice shower may spend up to two weeks at home recovering . ''
She added : `` The children who do have the ice showers are also are more sensible , balanced - and optimistic . They are better organised .
`` There are also some children who do n't go to our kindergarten but join us just for the shower . ''
Another Siberian kindergarten director , Olesya Osintseva claimed there were many cases of her young pupils going down with flu before she ordered ice showers .
She said : `` There were moments when half of the children attending the kindergarten were unwell .
`` It was obvious that something needed to be done to make them grow stronger and be more resilient against viruses .
`` This is how we came to the idea of boosting their immunity up by doing this exercise with buckets of chilly water outside in the cold .
`` We tested it on ourselves and our own children first , when both adults and children were first going out and splashing their feet with water , and in some months pouring cold water bucket over our heads .
`` What six months of these water exercises showed was an immediately stronger resistance to illnesses .
`` Our kids were now able to go to the kindergarten and even if someone had infection , they were no longer catching it . ''
Lin Yue and Chen Aisen secured China 's second diving gold medal at the Rio Olympics by winning the men 's synchronized 10m platform . It was Lin 's second Olympic gold medal in the event after his victory at the Beijing 2008 Games alongside Huo Liang .
Chinese gymnasts won bronze in the gymnastics men 's team final , while Japan and Russia secured gold and silver respectively . It 's been over a decade since the Japanese men 's gymnastics team has won an Olympic gold medal , and it was the first time Japan beat China in a team competition since 2004 .
China 's first male Olympic swimming champion Sun Yang made history for his country again , becoming the first Chinese to win the men 's 200m freestyle gold . He won the 400m and 1500m free titles at the London 2012 Games .
China 's Fu Yuanhui and Canada 's Kylie Masse were one hundredth of a second behind Baker at 58.76 seconds to split bronze in the women 's 100-meter backstroke . Fu Yuanhui has become a sensation on Chinese social media . The 20-year-old athlete is praised for her funny expressions and down-to-earth attitude .
Xu Jiayu won the silver medal in the men 's 100m backstroke . America ’ s Ryan Murphy won gold in 51.97 seconds and set an Olympic record . This is the sixth consecutive gold medal for the U.S. in the event .
A new 'health ' trend in Hong Kong sees women staring straight at the sun in the belief that it will replace their need for food and even improve their vision and sleep quality , reports Oriental Daily .
The women , between 20 and 30 years old , reportedly head to the Sam Ka Village beach in Lei Yue Mun every evening and take off their shoes before setting their phone timers and stand to stare at the sunset - some using an umbrella or a tissue to protect their skin .
The concept of 'sun gazing ' or 'sun eating ' revolves around consuming the sun 's solar energy instead of food and that by doing so it can reduce the body 's needs .
Photographs show the women lined up together in the blaring sun , seemingly unaware of the people around them as they engage in the bizarre practice .
Some of the women choose to wear pinhole glasses to limit the UV rays getting to their eyes and causing permanent damage .
Some of the sun gazers stress they are doing it for health reasons , not weight loss . 'We practice sun-gazing as a substitute for eating . Some of us who have finished the therapy now eat less , and others don ’ t have to eat at all , ' one woman told Oriental Daily . She said they start by looking at the sun for up to 10 seconds on the first day , adding 10 seconds every day until they reach 44 minutes by the ninth month of practice .
Dermatology specialist , Hou Xiang Jun , is concerned about the rising trend , saying the subtropical region , high ultraviolet degree and water reflection is leading to far too much ultraviolet light absorption . 'Even if painted with sunscreen they can only withstand five to six per cent of the damage , an umbrella or cap can only take 10 - 20 per cent and long exposure , in addition to sunburn , will increase the risk of serious skin cancer , ' Mr Xiang Jun told Oriental Daily .
Ophthalmology experts are also concerned , naming conjunctival disease , cataracts and macular degeneration as potential side effects .
Britons are pulling on budgie smugglers to go wild swimming , discussing starter marriages at stupid o ’ clock and sipping craft beer while planning their next elimination diet .
TBH , not everyone will be bovvered by all of the 1,000 new words added to the Oxford English Dictionary ( OED ) in its latest quarterly update , which reveals current trends in the use of language .
Entries include air-punching - the action of thrusting a clenched fist into the air in elation or triumph - and bovver - part of the catchphrase of comedian Catherine Tate ’ s teenage character Lauren .
A number of internet slang acronyms such as ROFL ( rolling on the floor laughing ) , ICYMI ( in case you missed it ) , TBH ( to be honest ) , and FWIW ( for what it ’ s worth ) also make the list .
Budgie smugglers , an Australian term used since the 1980s to refer to close-fitting swimming trunks , are featured in the update , along with Scandi crime thrillers and wild swimming .
The phrase “ taking candy from a baby ” , in which one exploits an easy opportunity , is included as well as “ sister from another mister ” - a term for a very close female friend first recorded in 1998 .
Other entries include fro-yo , the short form for frozen yoghurt , dudettes - the female form of dude - and agender for designating people who do not identify themselves as a particular gender .
Starter marriages are short-lived first marriages , often in preparation for something more long-term , while stupid o ’ clock is a time outside one ’ s normal waking life .
In a blog on the latest update , Jonathan Dent , senior assistant editor of the OED , said it included more than 1,000 new words and senses and almost 2,000 fully revised or partially expanded entries .
These new entries and senses cover more than 1,200 years of English in use , from an Old English word first applied in the year 800 to an internet acronym originally seen in 2000 .
“ One inescapable factor of modern life is our increasing reliance on computers and digital communications , ” Mr Dent wrote .
“ A slew of initialisms associated with the social media , emails , texts , and other electronic means of communication are placed in their historical context for the first time in this update .
“ Among other initialisms are a range of different ways to indicate that you ’ re about to be AFK ( away from the keyboard , first recorded in 1990 ) but hope to return shortly , including BRB ‘ be right back ’ , TTYL ‘ talk to you later ’ , ltr or l8r ‘ later ’ ( all from 1988 ) , SYS ( ‘ see you soon ’ , 1993 ) , and the more open-ended GTG ( ‘ got to go ’ , 1994 ) .
“ There are also various ways to indicate either that you ’ re ‘ just kidding ’ ( JK , 1990 ) or that someone else has ( deliberately or unwittingly ) managed to get you ROFL ( ‘ rolling on the floor laughing ’ , 1989 ) , including LMAO ( ‘ laughing my ass off ’ , 1990 ) and the more emphatic ( and profane ) LMFAO ( 1993 ) . ”
This is the astonishing moment a crocodile clutches a missing man in its jaws after a witch doctor claimed he summoned it to return the body .
The missing man , identified as Syarifuddin , 41 , was bathing in a river with friends when the beast pounced and dragged him beneath the water in Berau , Indonesia , on Tuesday at 6.20pm .
Desperate relatives reportedly searched in vain for him and it was assumed that he had been taken into the depths of the Lempake River when police failed to find him .
Villagers contacted a local black magic wizard who specialises in 'crocodile witch craft ' and it 's claimed they cast a spell for Syarifuddin to be brought back alive . Incredibly , his body is said to have emerged yesterday morning .
The predator is purportedly seen floating to the banks with the naked body of Syarifuddin in its jaws as the gathered crowd looks on , in video footage from the scene .
It then dropped off the corpse sparking suggestions the saltwater crocodile , which can grow up to 5.2m as an adult , had actually been guarding the victim 's body from other predators seeing as it had n't been eaten .
Friend Andi Resmin who was with Syarifuddin when he was captured by the croc said : 'He was just in the water and the crocodile humped at him and took him . '
Local resident , Eet , said there was a local myth that anyone bathing with clothes on in the river would be fine - but bathing naked would result in a crocodile attack .
He said : 'If the person bathes naked , they will be definitely be eaten by crocodiles , for sure . If they wear clothes they will not be ambushed . '
Syarifuddin was found dead and had injuries to his ribs on the right side of his body .
Police chief Inspector Talisayan Faisal Hamid , who is now investigating the incident , said : 'The victim 's friends report to the officer he was attacked by a crocodile . That night we did a search . '
The officer said nothing was returned that evening and so residents contacted a crocodile charmer and the body appeared the next morning on Wednesday .
Hamid said it was 'very weird ' that three crocodiles emerged from the river , suggesting the body of the man was being protected so that 'the victim could be delivered ' .
He said : 'People also bathe in the water , so again , it is unlucky that he was killed by the crocodile . '
Police Inspector Hamid said the 'important thing was that the body had been found ' and that locals were now 'hunting the crocodile that attacked ' the man .
After falling on hard times and failing to find a buyer for his home , the owner of this six-bedroom manor house in Lancashire , UK , decided to hold a raffle , inviting people to purchase a £2 ticket for the chance to win it . He hopes to sell half a million tickets by August this year .
37-year-old Dunstan Lowe purchased Melling Manor in 2011 for £435,000 , after falling in love with it . He spent a lot of money renovating it , but soon started struggling with mortgage payments , and was forced to put it up for sale just three years later . The first asking price was £800,000 , but no one was interested . Lowe chose to put off selling it until December of last year , when the mansion was once again offered up , this time for £845,000 . Again , there were no takers , so the frustrated owner dropped the asking price to £650,000 , but that didn ’ t seem to make it more appealing . The house has had just one viewing since , and after looking at his options , Dunstan decided it was time to try a different approach .
After consulting with his wife , Dunstan Lowe made the decision to hold a raffle , offering people the chance to win the house by buying one or multiple £2 tickets online , or sending an envelope or postcard via 1st class post . The winner will be selected on August 1st , 2017 , and the owner hopes to sell at least 500,000 tickets until then . That may sound like a lot , but he ’ s actually off to a good start .
In February , Lowe told the Evening Standard that he had already sold £120,000 worth of raffle tickets . Within days of setting up a website for the raffle , offers started coming in , and the ample media coverage he got a couple of months ago in the UK got a lot more people interested in his offer .
Dunstan says people from all over the world , including USA and Australia have been buying £2 online , with some of them acquiring several thousand pounds worth of them . He and his family hope to sell enough tickets to cover the cost of the six-bedroom mansion as well as the legal fees and any last minute jobs to ensure the house is as perfect as possible for the next owner .
“ It was really out of frustration . The whole process of viewings and offers , it felt antiquated and frustrating so I set up the website and it just took off , ” Dunstan said .
“ I had been thinking about doing this on and off for a few years now but so far hadn ’ t acted , ” he added . “ I knew that people had done this before but had problems , and I needed to make sure everything was above board and legal . ”
Melling Manor is still on the market for £650,000 , but if it fails to sell by August 1st , 2017 , the owner will pick a winner from the raffle participants . If it does sell , Lowe doesn ’ t plan on giving back the money to everyone . Instead , he plans on offering the whole pot as a cash prize to one lucky winner .
Mr. Lowe told the Standard that he would like the house to go to a family that has been struggling to put up a down payment for a house . “ That would be my perfect scenario . The house has stunning proportions and scale . It ’ s fantastic for a family . It ’ s in the middle of nature , with pheasants running through your garden , ” he said .
The Georgian manor house features six bedrooms , a kitchen , cinema room , ballroom , new family bathroom and parking for six cars .
To enter the raffle for Melling manor , just head over to WinACountryHouse.com , purchase one or more tickets with PayPal and answer the very simple question “ What style of property is this house ? ” . It ’ s a multiple answer question , and in case you haven ’ t been paying attention , the right one is “ Georgian ” . Good luck !
Michelle Dockery 's fiance John Dineenhas died in hospital aged 34 after suffering a long-term illness .
The Downton Abbeyactress , whose birthday is today , had been in a relationship with Mr Dineen since 2013 after the pair were introduced by actor Allen Leech .
Mr Dineen died in Cork ’ s Marymount Hospital on Sunday morning after being diagnosed with cancer , it has been reported .
The hospital is known for its pain management facilities in Ireland , specialising in palliative care services for terminally ill patients . He is understood to have been treated in London before returning home to Ireland .
A funeral service is expected to take place in Cork on Wednesday .
Dockery is reported to have flown back from the US to be with Mr Dineen and his family in his final hours , visiting the Marymount Hospice .
She was due to celebrate her 34th birthday today , December 15 .
A spokesman for Michelle Dockery said : `` The family is very grateful for the support and kindness they have received but would kindly request that they are left to grieve in private . ”
The actress has recently been touring the United States with the cast of Downton Abbey as part of a publicity tour for the show .
Days ago she appeared on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert and Watch What Happens Live as part of her promotional obligations .
She did not feature in the cast 's latest photograph , taken by Allen Leech on December 11 outside the White House .
In October , she unexpectedly pulled out of London play Les Liaisons Dangereuses . At the time , no reason was given for her departure .
It is understood Mr Dineen has been battling illness for months .
A senior director with FTI Consulting , he grew up on a farm near Cork and is believed to have proposed to Dockery in February .
The couple had been photographed together at the Venice Film Festival , Wimbledon and at polo ’ s Cartier Queen ’ s Cup , but had rarely spoken of their relationship .
In 2014 , the actress said : `` I have a wonderful man in my life from Ireland . We were introduced by Allen Leech . That 's all you need to know . ''
In an interview with Red Magazine , published this month , she spoke of the security her relationship brought her , confiding : `` I ’ ve got people around me who I can turn to for advice : my mum , and my partner , John . But , at this stage , my instincts are pretty good . ''
`` You quickly realise that the press can get to you . I ’ ve got people around me who I can turn to for advice : my mum , and my partner , John ( Dineen , her PR fiancé ) . But , at this stage , my instincts are pretty good . ''
Leech , who plays Tom Branson in the ITV period drama , has said of introducing them : `` John 's like family to me and I knew he 'd really get on with Michelle .
`` She 's a great girl - probably as far from Lady Mary as you could imagine . ''
`` Funny '' , a made-in-China emoji , inclusively used on Tieba , the largest Chinese communication platform provided by the search engine giant Baidu , seems to have recently moved beyond just China .
Now , it is more than an emoji , but a cultural derivation .
Reaching global markets
A series of `` funny '' emoji-based bolsters have attracted the attention of Japanese customers through Amazon Japan , an online shopping center .
Even if one bolster costs about 1,750 yen ( $ 16.73 ) , more than three times the price in China , it does n't dampen their desires to buy it .
One Japanese customer Miki said :
`` They are just so cute and I bought three bolsters at one time for my family .
And every time I see them , my mood just brightens suddenly . ''
`` I think the emoji implies very complicated meanings .
Different people can read different things from it .
For example , my dad will send it on the occasion when he did not agree with someone but he has to say something and behave politely .
But one of my friends think it is nothing but an expression of fun , '' said one Japanese netizen Kiro Kara .
Addition to Domestic Social Media
Compared with Japanese people 's impressions of the `` funny '' emoji , Chinese netizens prefer to use the emoji to tease one another on social media .
One commonly seen comment on the emoji in Zhihu , the Chinese version of Quora , is :
`` We strongly require Tieba to stop the usage of the emoji .
Because every time other people send me the emoji , I feel very uncomfortable and consider myself as a fool . ''
Reputed as the most popular emoji on Tieba , the `` funny '' emoji has received much attention since its release in 2013 . As a matter of fact , the `` funny '' emoji is the updated version of the `` drool '' emoji .
Compared with the original , `` funny '' has a slightly opened mouth , a dull red flush and two eyebrows .
And all these characteristics render users a sense of satire , according to one insider .
If you think the emotion is the only cause for the `` funny '' emoji to go viral online , then you are wrong .
In the next several years , the `` funny '' emoji has undergone many transformations and gradually engulfed the internet .
For example , the emoji is the first one on Tieba to have multi-color variations in red , orange , green , blue , bluish green , and purple。
When users utilize the shortcut key to send them together , its exaggerated effect is amplified .
If you do not know this rule , you should check here .
Meanwhile , the `` funny '' emoji is well-adopted in many settings and successfully gains attention outside Tibeba .
For instance , the Quilt-Covering , the Police-Acting and Smoking versions are causing a stir everywhere in Chinese social life .
In Everyday Use Abroad
This is not the first time the Chinese emoji takes the world stage .
Earlier this year , one emoji from the Chinese basketball celebrity Yao Ming has been spread through the Middle East region .
In Luxor , a city in southern Egypt , Yao 's smiling emoji has emerged frequently in local traffic signs to remind people the road ahead is one-way .
And you may be surprised to find that many locals do not know Yao Ming but are familiar with his emoji and nickname `` Chinese Funny Face '' .
What 's more , the emoji has been picked up by the Egyptian English-language daily newspaper Egyptian Gazette as the title picture for its humorous column Serious but Funny .
What 's more , due to the huge influences of Chinese Sina Weibo , the Chinese version of Twitter , many renowned western celebrities like Leonardo DiCaprio and Madonna have opened their personal accounts on the platform .
Many Chinese fans are excited about this and now choose to greet them with their own funny pictures , a behavior arousing the attention of foreign media .
American private Internet media company BuzzFeed reported on the cultural phenomenon .
As a newly emerging online language , emojis have risen to become an integral part of people 's daily life .
Emojis are able to help people express their views in a more vivid and precise fashion .
Also , it can help foreigners learn about Chinese culture and learn the language .
As Chinese emojis have slowly entered the world stage , how to properly use `` the fifth innovation in China '' , a humorous name for emojis , without hurting others and how to turn them into commercial advantages still need answers .
A roundup of the year 's `` best '' domestic films will set you on a collision course with those with different tastes and yardsticks . This is especially true when the year 's best vary widely from the year 's best-selling . In other words , a cinephile 's picks are bound to diverge from one who focuses on the bottom line .
So , here are some of the Chinese-language movies that I feel represent 2015 's height of artistic achievement .
Hou Hsiao-hsien 's Assassin is the only one that made it into some prestigious international lists . Yet it was very polarizing on the domestic front . Its elliptical narrative left many audience members scratching their heads .
For me , it is ambitious but falls short of the standard of Shanghai Flowers , an early work by the master with a similar stylistic approach . The dense plot distracts from the texture of the visuals , where the brilliance definitely lies .
Jia Zhangke 's Mountains May Depart is neatly divided into three time periods . The first two , set in 1999 and 2014 , find him in familiar territory , but it is the last one , set in 2025Australia , that is jaw-dropping in both positive and negative ways .
The twist is audaciously conceived , but testifies to a fundamental lack of understanding of the Chinese diaspora , and the May-December relationship is shallow in its Freudian implication .
The year 's most satisfying work belongs to Deep in the Heart , the directorial debut of Xin Yukun . It was titled The Coffin in the Mountain when it first ran on the festival circuit in 2014 .
Made with a paltry budget of 1.7 million yuan ( $ 269,800 ) , the dark drama takes on crime and punishment with a verve and aplomb befitting a veteran .
As a matter of fact , one of its early champions was Cao Baoping , whose film The Dead End has an overlapping theme yet leaves several narrative holes in the story .
Cao 's crime story has a stronger drive , and at its heart it attempts to plumb the depths of the human psyche . More significantly , it broke several taboos , including a passionate male-on-male kiss .
The Dead End won an acting award for its male ensemble at the Shanghai International Film Festival , but the year 's most eye-opening male performance belongs to a renowned director .
Feng Xiaogang 's cameo appearances have been so memorable he ranks among the best character actors in the nation .
In Mr. Six , he turns his formidable acting chops into a character study so immersive it blew me away when I first saw the film . This is a portrayal that goes beyond technique and into the innermost part of his soul .
Ostensibly about a former good-for-nothing , it is imbued with a quiet heroism and evokes a way of life that is fast receding - echoing the somewhat cruel generational shift that is happening in today 's film industry .
Not since Zhang Yimou played the male lead in 1986 's Old Well has an ace director trumped actors of his profession with such on-screen and off-screen poignancy .
Xu Haofeng 's The Master seems to be a scaled-down version of The Grandmaster , which he co-wrote . It is certainly different from the norm , but his familiarity with the material could be holding him back from a full filmic vision .
While I applaud his innovation , I was not emotionally involved or thematically curious .
12 Citizens , a Chinese remake of 12 Angry Men , resolved the biggest conundrum - that China does not employ a jury system - with a stroke of genius . But it was marred by several clumsy touches , such as the eventual certainty of the suspect 's innocence and the secret identity of the Henry Fonda character , here played by stage veteran He Bing .
The moral of the story , in my opinion , should be : There is not enough evidence to convict the guy , not that he was the wrong target .
Other art-house offerings that I have missed but may be worthy of mentioning include : Wang Xiaoshuai 's Red Amnesia , a revisit to the `` cultural revolution '' ( 1966-76 ) , Li Ruijun 's River Road , Tibetan filmmaker Pema Tseden 's Tharlo , and the work of a possible whiz kid , 26-year-old Bi Gai 's Kaili Blues , which won several cineaste-circle awards .
Not a single one of the aforementioned output grossed more than 100 million yuan at the box office . Their cumulative takings may not have reached this figure either . Which makes this year 's blockbusters all the more astounding .
Monster Hunt , a family film in the fantasy genre , set a new box-office record at 2.4 billion yuan . It was bankrolled by Bill Kong , of Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon fame , and directed by first-timer Raman Hui , who hasHollywoodexperience .
Monkey King : Hero Is Back was the sleeper hit of the year when it became the best-selling animated film in the Middle Kingdom .
Although the subject matter was from the classical novel , which has always been a treasure trove for adaptations , the treatment was more inspired byHollywood .
Pancake Man and Goodbye , Mr. Loser are the twin winners with Internet genetics . The screwball comedies feature newcomers who are more plugged into the sensibilities of the millennials than the practices of the film community .
Their boffo success ( 1.16 billion and 1.44 billion yuan respectively ) marks the emergence of the new filmmaker generation , who may hail from anywhere but the film academy .
Lost inThailand , at 1.62 billion yuan , was about the only franchise movie that climbed over the billion-yuan bench . That , of course , is not counting Mojin : The Lost Legend , directed by Wuershan , which is hot in release and has just exceeded the billion-yuan benchmark by the time this article goes to print .
Mojin is adapted from the eight-volume Internet best-seller , which has a huge built-in fan base . The first four volumes were sold to another director , Lu Chuan , whose Chronicles of the Ghostly Tribe debuted just three months earlier to 680 million yuan and general critical panning .
It is worth noting that 2015 's best-selling movies received mostly decent ( if not stellar ) reviews while the terrible movies that made lots of money , in terms of return on investment , tended to fall into the range of 100 million to 500 million yuan .
An uptick in maturity for Chinese cinema can be detected from the commercial side of the business , with more diverse genres and higher production values . But for the time being , artistically ambitious fare is still swimming in the danger zone of the sharks .
American singer Bob Dylan has become the first musician to be awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature .
The 75-year-old was given the prestigious accolade for `` having created new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition '' .
Born Robert Zimmerman on May 24 1941 , in the backwaters of Minnesota , he reinvented himself as Bob Dylan .
He is considered one of the greatest lyricists of modern times having penned memorable hits such as Blowin ' In The Wind and The Times They Are A-Changin ' .
In honour of him winning the Nobel prize for literature , we pick out some of Bob Dylan ’ s greatest lyrics and most memorable songs .
Blowin ' in the Wind
The Times They Are a-Changin '
Mr Tambourine Man
Just Like a Woman
Masters of War
Almost no one eats there any more and it 's not making any money : the last remaining noodle bar outside Yunfeng steel plant can not be long for this world . It seems destined to the same way as other small shops in the same area that have already shut .
`` The steel plant is running at a loss . Some contracted laborers have been laid off , '' said the eatery owner . The Yunfeng works in north China 's Hebei Province has cut its labor force from from 1,800 in its prime years to about 800 .
Yunfeng 's home city of Wu'an , 400 km south of Beijing , once had 18 iron and steel plants . Many have slashed production , to survive the bitter winter of the industry ; some have closed their doors for good .
Hebei , the country 's leading iron and steel producer , is struggling to cut capacity in iron and steel , cement , and glass , planning to cut iron and steel capacity by 18 million tonnes this year .
Last year , policymakers came up with supply-side structural reform as the latest magic bullet to deal with a number of industrial ills by cutting overcapacity , destocking , deleveraging , reducing costs and identifying growth areas .
Supply-side structural reform will be a key word at this year 's `` two sessions '' -- the annual gatherings of the national legislative and political advisory bodies , analysts predict .
China 's growth prospects this year are the subject of global concern .
`` I believe China will realize 6.5 percent or better GDP growth in 2016 , a difficult feat , given the unstable global economy , '' said Shlomo Maital , professor with Technion -- Israel Institute of Technology .
China saw a record number of startups in 2015 , with 4.44 million companies established , up 21.6 percent from 2014 .
`` Today , China too is in a startup boom . China , like Israel , can become a startup nation , '' said Maital . `` Part of the Chinese dream can be a dream about starting your own business . ''
According to Maital , to avoid the middle-income trap , China will need to raise its `` total factor productivity '' , which demands innovation , working smart , new ideas and improvements , not more use of resources .
China plans to take another 70 million people out of poverty in the next five years .
Visiting Shenshan , a village in Jiangxi Province , early in February , President Xi Jinping said , `` Not a single family living in poverty is to be left behind on our path to ending poverty . ''
Villager Zhang Chengde , 63 , doubled his income to about 8,000 yuan ( 1,200 US dollars ) last year by raising goats thanks to kids given as part of a poverty reduction campaign .
Zhang 's son is 29 years old and remains a bachelor , partly due to poverty . He will not seek a job in cities this year , believing that helping his father expand the size of their herd will be more rewarding .
According to the proposal on the 13th Five-Year Plan , the quality of free trade zones ( FTZ ) will be improved and more FTZs set up .
Besides the four in the Shanghai , Tianjin , Fujian and Guangdong , all prosperous , coastal localities , a number of other provinces have unveiled FTZ applications .
Liaoning Province in the northeast , said in its provincial 13th Five-Year Plan it will seek the approval for an FTZ in its port city of Dalian . The economy in Liaoning , part of the old industrial belt , only expanded 3 percent , the slowest at the provincial level , in 2015 .
The interaction of the FTZs , the Belt and Road Initiative , the integration of Beijing , Tianjin and Hebei , among other strategies , will help produce a more balanced development and reshape the opening up policy .
The `` two sessions '' will show how China perceives its path and the methods it will use to handle the challenges ahead . New governance concepts and strategies will also be widely illustrated across all agendas at the sessions this year .
China 's shift from a low-wage manufacturing economy driven by exports and infrastructure investment to a medium-wage economy driven by services and consumption , is mainly driven by the growing middle class , said Maital .
`` Global businesses are aware of China 's huge and growing market and the new middle class . They are aware that China is one of the few markets in the world that are growing strongly , '' said the Israeli academic .
FIFA has confirmed the 2022 World Cup final in Qatar will take place on Sunday , December 18 .
It comes after a FIFA taskforce recommended last month the tournament should be switched from summer to winter to avoid the searing heat of the Gulf in June and July , where temperatures can exceed 40C .
The decision to hold the first ever winter World Cup was taken more than four years after the most controversial award of a sporting event in history .
Confirming the date for the 2022 World Cup final , Walter De Gregorio , FIFA 's director of communications , said : 'This is for us an important step .
'Finally we know the end of the tournament . It 's a Sunday and , by the way , it 's the national day inQatar , so it fits perfectly . '
He added : 'You have enough time to do your Christmas shopping . '
FIFA has indicated the 2022 tournament will also be shortened to 28 days , instead of the usual 32 . The competition is likely to begin ( featuring the hosts'Qatar ) on November 21 .
The decision means the traditional and popular Boxing Day club matches will take place as usual – which will come as some comfort to the Premier League who have strongly opposed the switch .
UEFA - the body that governs European football - had pushed for the final to be as late as December 23 .
The Qatar World Cup has been mired in controversy ever since the shock decision to stage the tournament in the desert kingdom which has no footballing history and a questionable human rights record .
Sepp Blatter , FIFA 's long-standing president , even admitted last year that staging the tournament in Qatar was a 'mistake ' – justifying it by saying 'but one makes lots of mistakes in life ' .
Allegations of widespread corruption and collusion dogged the process from the outset .
A report by investigator Michael Garcia into allegations of corruption remains secret , unpublished and subject to dispute between its author and FIFA .
Peng Liyuan , China 's first lady , who has accompanied her husband to the United States this week , is no stranger to being in the spotlight .
She has been praised by both mainland and international media for her fashion sense on earlier state visits .
Her stylish outfits have led to her being compared with two other fashion icons– US first lady Michelle Obama and Kate , the Duchess of Cambridge , who is the wife of Britain ’ s Prince William .
Yet Peng , originally from the eastern province of Shandong , was already a nationally recognised singer on the mainland before she met Xi in 1986 , and their marriage in 1987 .
Following her arrival in the US , she is set for a much-anticipated fashion face-off with her fellow first lady later this week .
Here we take a look at five key differences between the two fashion icons .
Good news for soda lovers : Scientists appear to be one step closer to being able to regenerate teeth in humans . A study in Developmental Biology explains how sharks and other marine life are able to regrow teeth continuously throughout their lives .
Until now , that process had been “ poorly understood and [ remained ] virtually uncharacterized from a developmental genetic standpoint. ” Researchers at the University of Sheffield studying the embryos of catsharks discovered a “ special set of epithelial cells ” called dental lamina that are responsible for regenerating teeth , according to a press release .
Those genes goes back 450 million years and are likely responsible for producing the first teeth in vertebrates , as well as generating all the teeth since , including those in humans . In fact , humans have the same dental lamina , but they produce teeth only twice ( “ baby ” teeth , then the adult versions ) before the cells disappear . Researchers believe it ’ s possible for this research to eventually help people who ’ ve lost teeth .
“ The Jaws films taught us that it ’ s not always safe to go into the water , but this study shows that perhaps we need to in order to develop therapies that might help humans with tooth loss , ” says researcher Dr. Gareth Fraser .
Whether you ’ ve interviewed over one million times or can count on one hand how many times you ’ ve been face-to-face with a hiring manager , the process is always stressful . Not only are you trying your hardest to present the very best version of yourself , you ’ re also attempting to read your audience and gather as much information as you can about the role , the company culture , and the organization itself . No pressure .
Ask any manager what it ’ s like to make a hiring decision and she ’ ll most likely tell you that it ’ s no easy task for her , either . Making the right choice can be difficult–especially when she ’ s choosing from a group of well-qualified applicants . So how can you tip the scales in your favor ? In addition to coming to each and every interview well-prepared , try putting yourself in the shoes of the person sitting across from you .
We can get pretty close by addressing the five common thoughts almost every hiring manager probably has during your interview .
1 . Can I Manage This Person ?
A supervisor isn ’ t going to hire someone that he doesn ’ t believe he can work with . Managers come in all shapes and sizes–some are hands-off and expect their employees to do what they need to do with little or no supervision . Others like to receive daily updates , religiously review timecards , and schedule regular check-in meetings with their staff . If you like to get regular feedback and crave facetime with your supervisor , a laid-back person may not be the best fit for you . Conversely , if you ’ re an independent operator who relishes autonomy , a hands-on supervisor probably isn ’ t a great match for your work style .
So when your potential future boss begins thinking about your match as manager and employee during your interview , what can you do ? To start , you can show that you are a great listener by making eye contact , taking notes , asking questions , and giving thoughtful answers . Mention that you pride yourself on taking accountability for your workplace contributions , appreciate constructive feedback , and are excited about continuing to grow your skill set . Demonstrating a willingness to own your work , listen , and learn will definitely score a few points in your favor .
At some point during the meeting , you should also get an opportunity to pose a few questions . Try asking your potential supervisor how she would describe her management style . If her answer is in line with your preferences , say , “ That sounds great ! I find that I work really well with managers who are hands on and provide lots of detailed feedback , ” or “ That is very much in line with my work style . Having a certain degree of autonomy to get my work done helps me to maximize my productivity . ”
If you discover that your future boss ’ leadership style isn ’ t one that works for you , it may be time to evaluate whether or not this is the job for you .
2 . Does This Person Truly Understand This Role ?
Interviewers want to be sure that you not only know what you ’ d be getting yourself into , but that you ’ ve done your homework . Be sure that you ’ ve thoroughly reviewed the job description before your interview , and make an effort to relate your existing experience back to the responsibilities you would have in the role you ’ re being considered for .
Most hiring managers typically start off with a couple of simple questions like , “ Can you tell me about yourself ? ” and “ Why are you interested in this position ? ” These are perfect opportunities to demonstrate your understanding of the role . Say something that indicates you get what the job entails and why your background is a solid match , “ I have four years of production management experience and specialize in vendor relations . I know vendor management would be an important component of this role , which is why I am particularly excited about this opportunity , ” or “ I am passionate about social media and am specifically targeting opportunities that will allow me to grow my expertise in this area . I know one of my primary responsibilities in this role would be writing and scheduling tweets for the company ’ s Twitter account , and I have some great ideas for how I can help you to grow your followers . ”
Another great way to show that you understand what you ’ re interviewing for is to ask questions about the role once you ’ ve demonstrated that you ’ ve done more than just read the job description . Saying , “ What kind of traffic goals do you have for Twitter , and what resources do you think will help you reach that goal ? ”
Whenever you can go beyond the job listing to show an impressive grasp of the role ’ s responsibilities , you should do so . It ’ s a waste of both your and the recruiter ’ s time to only rehash what ’ s involved in the position .
3 . Is This Person Actually Excited About Working Here ?
Similar to having an in-depth understanding of the potential opportunity , it ’ s important to show that you are genuinely excited about the organization as a whole . Of course , not every interview is going to be with your dream company , but try your best to find something that is interesting to you .
Was the company recently named one of the best places to work in your area ? Is the department you ’ d be working in creating innovative new products ? Was the CEO recently mentioned in a well-respected publication ? Spend some time researching and reading any recent , relevant articles that you can reference during the interview .
Along with wondering if you ’ re truly excited about the opportunity , an interviewer will want to gauge whether you ’ re a good fit . During the meeting , take the opportunity to ask about the team , their work style , and the company culture . Not only will this show that you are genuinely engrossed in learning about the organization as a whole and not just focused on the position you ’ re applying for , but it will demonstrate that you , too , care about being the right person for the job .
4 . Will This Person Make Me Look Good ?
To a certain degree , an employee ’ s performance is a reflection on her supervisor . Your potential future boss wants to be sure that if she takes a day off or can ’ t make it to a meeting , you ’ ll still be on top of your game . If you do superb work and present yourself well , she looks good too . If you ’ re goofing off while the boss is on vacation or don ’ t proofread that super important email , the person she reports to probably won ’ t be too happy with either of you .
What is the best way to assure your future manager that you are totally trustworthy ? Find out what she values in a team member . Try asking , “ What traits are most important to you in an employee ? ” or “ What are your expectations of the person who steps into this role ? ” If her answers line up with your work style , be sure to tell her that . For example , if your interviewer says she values clear communication above all else , say , “ I couldn ’ t agree more . I am always striving to keep my team and my manager looped in on my progress , workload , and availability . I ’ ve found that maintaining open lines of communication goes a long way toward optimizing productivity and teamwork . ”
At the end of your interview , when your future supervisor asks if you have anything to add , try leading with , “ I really appreciate all of the information you ’ ve shared with me about what it ’ s like to work here and your expectations for this role . I think that my experience and work style would be a great fit for this team . I want you to know that as an employee , you can expect me to be proactive , responsive , and deadline-oriented . ”
This type of response shows that you ’ ve been paying attention and is a good indication of your professional demeanor .
5 . When ’ s Lunch ?
Interviewing can be grueling for the people on the other side of the desk , too—especially if the hiring manager is meeting with multiple candidates back-to-back . This doesn ’ t happen during every interview , but sometimes an interviewer ’ s mind will wander . He might be hungry , he might be tired , or he might be distracted by a looming deadline , but regardless of the reason for the distraction , it does happen .
Obviously you can ’ t control the external factors that may be affecting your interviewer ’ s state of mind , but you can work on becoming the most interesting and engaging interviewee you can be . Recruit a friend to help you practice some commonly asked interview questions and ask for feedback on your body language , eye contact , tone of voice , and the content of your answers . Are you looking down when you talk or speaking in a dull , monotone voice ? If you don ’ t seem interested in your own answers , you can ’ t expect anyone else to be either .
Another key trick to remember ? Keep your answers short and sweet . A lot of people tend to ramble when they ’ re nervous and that can make this meeting feel like it ’ s dragging on and on . Try crafting exceptional responses using this simple formula : answer + example + result . For example , in response to , “ How do you manage your time ? ” say , “ I manage my time by prioritizing my responsibilities . For example , if I ’ m working on two projects simultaneously , I will always tackle the one that is more complex or due sooner first . This has helped me to be very effective in my past roles . In fact , I regularly get compliments on my ability to juggle a large workload without missing deadlines . ”
Keep in mind that the goal here isn ’ t to simply tell your interviewer what you think she wants to hear . The goal is to proactively address questions she ’ s probably asking herself during your meeting . The purpose of an interview isn ’ t to land a job , it ’ s for you and your potential future employer to assess whether or not you ’ re a fit for each other . Coming well-prepared and playing an active role in your interview will serve this purpose while making you look like an all-star in the process .
Love roasted Peking duck ?
We 've got the burger for you .
While McDonald 's and KFC continue to introduce Chinese-style burgers to appeal to local tastes , high-end Peking duck restaurant DaDong has opened is own fast food joint in Beijing .
DaDong Duck Burger 's star attraction is , of course , the duck burger .
It features a slice of crispy Peking duck skin and juicy lean meat nestled in a bun and topped with slices of onion , tomato , cucumber , lettuce and the all-important plum sauce .
It might seem like a strange combination but is surprisingly tasty -- and popular . Staff say they dish out about 300 duck burgers each day .
Together with a glass of soda -- or hot honey pomelo tea -- and fries , the duck burger combo costs 31 yuan ( $ 4.70 ) .
DaDong , one of Beijing 's top Peking duck restaurants , opened the fast food joint last October , hoping to appeal to the mass market .
Han Yang , the restaurant 's manager , told CNN that all the chefs working at the venue are from its upscale sister restaurant .
The ducks , roasting techniques and recipes are also the same , according to Han .
Located in the city 's CBD area , the fast food restaurant , which features minimalist decor , has attracted steady streams of consumers working in office buildings nearby .
This success has led to expansion plans in Beijing , Shanghai and Guangzhou .
Local Beijing resident Cindy Zhan , who went to the restaurant for lunch to try the burger , says it surprised her .
`` It was much tastier than I had thought , '' Zhan says .
`` I was afraid that a duck burger would be too greasy . But it was not with the special sauce . Definitely different than conventional burgers . ''
Zhan says she was particularly happy the restaurant also offers a quality salad .
Besides its signature duck burgers , DaDong Burger 's menu includes a variety of fusion dishes .
For instance the reformed Zhajiangmian , topped with minced port , uses spaghetti instead of the traditionally made Beijing-style handmade noodles .
Chinese-style burgers
Chinese may argue that burgers are n't just a Western thing given they 've been around the country for hundreds of years .
The best-known Chinese-style burger perhaps is Roujiamo -- shredded braised meat stuffed in baked leavened bread .
Originally a specialty from Shaanxi province , it 's popular nationwide .
If you 're feeling adventurous , there 's the donkey meat burger .
A hot , crispy pastry encloses cold marinated donkey meat -- considered divine for many in northern China .
DaDong plays it safe , serving a spicy braised sub quite similar to the donkey meat burger except it 's stuffed with pork .
More than 2 billion adults and children globally are overweight or obese and suffer health problems because of their weight , a new study reports .
This equates to one-third of the world 's population carrying excess weight , fueled by urbanization , poor diets and reduced physical activity .
The United States has the greatest percentage of obese children and young adults , at 13 % , while Egypt led in terms of adult obesity , with almost 35 % , among the 195 countries and territories included in the study .
While 2.2 billion people were obese or overweight in 2015 , more than 710 million of them were classed as obese , with 5 % of all children and 12 % of adults fitting into this category .
An increasing number globally are dying from health problems linked to being overweight , such as cardiovascular disease , said the study , published Monday in the New England Journal of Medicine .
In terms of numbers , the large population sizes of China and India meant they had the highest numbers of obese children , with 15.3 million and 14.4 million , respectively .
Despite a smaller population , the United States had the greatest number of obese adults , with 79.4 million ( 35 % of the population ) , followed by China with 57.3 million .
The lowest obesity rates were seen in Bangladesh and Vietnam , at 1 % .
The finger move , done by Zhang Yishan has been dubbed 'physically impossible ' by stunned audience .
The actor raised his right hand , putting his little finger on top of his thumb while keeping the other three fingers straight .
The trick might seem easy , but many people said the difficulty is to keep the little finger on top of the thumb , not the other way around .
A topic page about the hand challenge was quickly set up on Weibo .
People flocked to upload pictures of themselves trying to pull off Zhang Yishan 's hand trick . Some managed to do it , but others said it was impossible .
Li Sisi posted a picture on her Weibo account , which showed her interlocking her digits to form the shape of a knot .
Ms Li 's followers immediately joined in and shared pictures of them taking on the challenge in the comments .
They said 'finger knot ' was easier to achieve , however the catch was to do the trick with just one hand .
Medical experts , however , warned that people should not force themselves to hold these positions if they find them difficult .
According to Dr Jane Simmonds , a registered physiotherapist at University College London , those who could perform the difficult finger tricks are likely to have joint hypermobility , a common phenomenon present in 20 to 30 percent of the general population .
Dr Simmonds said : 'Joint hypermobility is more common in children and females .
'It is also more common in Asian and Afro Caribbean ethnic populations . This may account for one reason why finger tricks are popular in China . '
However , Dr Simmonds said for those who do n't have joint hypermobility , attempting to perform the tricks could cause pain .
'It is not recommended to sustain or hold these stretched positions on the joints for extended periods of time as it may lead to joint and tissue irritation and pain . '
Mr Daniel Brown , a consultant hand surgeon at The Bone & amp ; Joint Centre at Spire Liverpool Hospital , said most people would not be able to perform the finger knot .
Mr Brown added : 'If people who do n't have joint hypermobility try to do a finger knot , they are not likely to break their fingers , but it could cause them to stretch their ligaments and tendons , which could cause potential physical pain and may lead to instability of their joints and arthritis later in life . '
Mr Brown also said only 'a small number of people with unusual anatomy ' could do the finger trick Chinese actor Zhang Yishan has performed .
Bizarre challenges involving different parts of body have always been popular among Chinese social media users .
In 2015 , 130 million people joined in the so-called 'belly button challenge ' as they tried to touch their navels by reaching around their backs . According to the organizer , the challenge was to test if the participants needed to lose weight .
In another popular challenges , women flaunted their figures by showing how many coins they could hold with their collarbones - and the rule was the more coins they could carry , the more beautiful they were .
Some other similar crazes have seen Chinese women trying to wrap banknotes around their wrists or to compare their waists with A4 paper to prove that they are skinny enough .
However , these trends have sparked concerns among medical experts , who claimed that the challenges were promoting a worrying concept of beauty among people , especially women .
Forget well-dressed celebrities and style magazines , now the ultimate place to seek fashion approval is on social media .
Changing room selfies are on the rise and one in seven women snap themselves trying on new looks before waiting for an average of two 'likes ' from friends online , before they decide to buy .
Men are following the lead too , but they require four 'likes ' before they take their purchases to the till , according to research conducted by social shopping site Shopa . The study found the whole process is doubling the average shopping time from 16 minutes to 31 minutes .
The findings reveal a growing trend for fashion-conscious Brits using social media and blogging to drive crowd-sourced sartorial choices . One third of 13 year old girls and boys have tried the craze . This 'social fitting room ' has resulted in 28 per cent of Brits spending over two hours choosing an outfit on the high street or 33 per cent online .
Behavioral psychologist Dr. Linda Papadopoulos said : 'These results are unsurprising as , although online shopping is becoming increasingly popular , many of us still rely on our friends ' approval when purchasing new clothes or accessories . '
With one in five of respondents admitting to taking selfies of their outfits when out , social media 's influence on fashion choices is not just limited to pre-purchase . Two in five people confessed that they discarded an outfit that was n't social-media proof and got under ten likes on Facebook and Instagram .
Social media sites are now the port of call for fashionistas looking for inspiration , with 43 per cent using Facebook , Pinterest and Instagram to learn about current trends and 38 per cent of men following celebrity profiles for advice .
The most commonly shared fashion items on social media have been revealed as evening dresses , wedding outfits , tops and women 's heeled shoes .
Women are definitely wearing the fashion trousers in British households , with a quarter of the nation 's men admitting to changing their fashion style to fit in with their partner 's wishes .
On the findings , Nicky McShane from Shopa said : 'This is an inherent trait that women have had for years , but it is interesting to see how men are now following suit , using social media to break down their masculine boundaries to explore the world of fashion .
Here are some key highlights from the 2016 Consumer Electronics Show , which concluded recently :
1 . Netflix stunned the show with the announcement that it added 130 new countries and regions for its streaming TV service to bring its total to 190 , calling it `` the birth of a new global Internet TV network . ''
India will be one of the new markets for Netflix , which is still studying ways to get into the Chinese mainland .
2 . Google and Lenovo announced plans to produce the first consumer handset using the US computing giant 's Project Tango 3D technology .
The device set to launch worldwide later this year aims for a new generation of smart devices that can be used for indoor mapping , augmented reality and more .
3 . The 4K high-definition television format became the standard base for manufacturers , which showcased thinner and more spectacular displays for those willing to pay the price .
The Consumer Technology Association , the trade group behind CES , said one in every five televisions sold this year is expected to be 50 inches or more , measured diagonally , and feature ultra high-definition 4K resolution .
4 . The Internet of Things showed spectacular growth from products like a smart mirror from Haier that delivers news and weather and connects to other appliances , and connected spoons and diet scales .
Samsung unveiled a smart refrigerator that lets its owner use a smartphone to virtually peer inside and see what should be on a shopping list .
5 . Wearable technology probed deeper to get more data about health , while making inroads into the medical field : diagnosing conditions and even offering treatment for pain and other ailments . Shoes measured steps and shirts kept tabs on heart rates .
French-based health group VisioMed introduced its Bewell Connect virtual checkup through a smartphone app that communicates with its connected blood pressure and glucose monitor , thermometer and blood oxygen sensor .
6 . Automakers moved to connect not only to the smartphone , but to the smart home and other parts of the digital life .
Ford teamed with Amazon to link up the carmaker 's Sync vehicle hub with the online giant 's smart home hub called Echo .
7 . Virtual reality spread beyond video games to touch sex , sports , sales and space exploration . Facebook-owned Oculus began taking pre-orders for its eagerly-anticipated Rift VR headsets at a price of $ 599 , and CES was rife with companies scrambling to field competing devices or content that could draw people into faux worlds .
8 . Startups turned attention to ways to tap into the brain .
A `` mind control '' headband unveiled by startup BrainCo effectively hacks into brain signals with a range of possible applications -- from helping to improve attention spans , to detecting disease , controlling smart home appliances or even a prosthetic device .
A picture of a man in Canada calmly mowing his lawn with a menacing tornado swirling in the background has gone viral on social media .
Theunis Wessels was `` fully aware '' of the twister but `` was n't worried at all '' , his wife Cecilia , who took the photo , told the BBC .
She said the tornado was about 2km from their house in Three Hills , Alberta - much further away than it appeared in the photo . The storm was quickly gone , she added .
Mrs Wessels told the BBC she was sleeping in the house on Friday - but then was woken by her nine-year-old daughter who was concerned that her father would not abandon his lawn-mowing and hide inside from the tornado .
`` My daughter was the most upset , saying 'Mum , what we gon na do ? ' ''
Mrs Wessels came outside to check on her husband , who continued mowing . He said `` Everything is OK , '' and he looked `` calm , in control , '' she recollected .
She added that he had some knowledge about twisters as he had recently attended a seminar organised by a storm-chasing association .
Many town residents were taking pictures of the tornado , and Mrs Wessels decided to post hers on Facebook and also sent them to her mother in South Africa .
She said her mother was very worried about her son-in-law , asking : `` Why are you letting him outside ? Please stay safe . ''
Very soon the picture began causing a storm on the social media .
One user wrote : `` This is the craziest picture ! Lol . I 'm glad that the tornado did n't come down on your house ! ''
“ Nothing stops a Canadian from mowing his lawn , ” joked one on Twitter .
Mrs Wessels said her photo had already been shared 3,500 times in two days , and she had received 256 friend requests .
It caused no injuries in the town , and only minor structural damage was reported .
If you want to get your point across in a meeting in Finland , keep quiet ; and let your counterparts deliberate . Of course , that wo n't work at all in , say , Canada .
As more of us do business across cultures and far-flung offices , every meeting can feel like a riddle . What do the long silences , idle chitchat and serious faces really mean in context ?
It 's best to prepare ahead of time so you can quickly zero in on cultural quirks before you head to the meeting table . Here are five rules of thumb for different countries to make navigating your next international meeting a little less nerve-wracking .
Stick to the schedule
Where : Germany , Austria , Japan
We 've all been to meetings that have a loose agenda , if any at all . They do n't start on time and they seem to repeat as stragglers wander in . Not so in these countries . Japanese users of Do.com , an online meeting platform , are more likely to create a detailed agenda and pass out supporting documents several days prior to a meeting than meeting goers in any other country , according to founder Jason Shah .
`` People [ in Japan ] are cognisant of how much time remains and do n't go over , '' said Shah . It 's expected that you 'll understand the written materials ahead of the meeting . If a meticulously planned meeting runs over the allotted time , the gathering might be deemed unproductive , he adds . Ultimately , it can lead to a negative outcome because participants may be seen as inefficient .
Germans and Austrians have a similar sentiment , said Stuart Friedman , founder of Global Context , a cross-cultural communication firm based in Redwood City , California in the US . In the US , a well-planned gathering that exceeds its scheduled time might signal great interest or excitement over the topic , but meetings that run long in Germany are often taken to mean that the parties are not communicating efficiently , he said .
If you struggle to know when it is appropriate to give someone a hug or even simply pat them on the arm , help is at hand .
Oxford University scientists have created a series of body maps that show just where we are comfortable to be touched .
The 'touchability index ' provides colour-coded information for everyone from our nearest and dearest to extended family , casual acquaintances and complete strangers .
Not surprisingly , the study of five European countries found that buttoned-up Britons were the least touchy-feely .
It also showed – again , unsurprisingly – that the less we know someone , the less comfortable we are to be touched by them .
However , there was one noticeable exception .
Men , it seems , have no areas which would be completely off limits to a touch from a total stranger – as long as the stranger is a woman .
Working with Finnish scientists , Oxford University psychologist Professor Robin Dunbar set out to investigate where we are comfortable to be touched and just how much the answer depends on who is doing the touching .
Almost 1,500 men and women from Britain , Finland , France , Italy and Russia were given a series of outlines of the human body and asked to colour in which parts they would allow someone to touch , front and back .
Each person created touchability maps for 13 members of their social network , including their partner , their parents , their siblings , aunts , uncles , cousins and acquaintances .
They also coloured in two more shapes , one for a stranger of each sex .
In general the closer the relationship , the fewer areas of the body that were taboo , although people tended to be uncomfortable about letting anyone except their nearest and dearest touch their erogenous zones .
This meant that while a woman might be happy for her uncle to stroke her back , her front would be off limits . And male strangers should note that almost all parts of the female body are to be avoided , other than the hands .
Interestingly , the men studied had a different viewpoint .
They did n't want another man touching them , with even the head and the feet no-go zones .
However , almost the entire male body was up for grabs to a female stranger or acquaintance , with no part considered taboo .
In fact , for men , a woman they barely know has similar 'touching rights ' to a parent and more than a brother or sister , the journal Proceedings of the Royal Academy of Sciences reports . Although the reason for this is not clear , the study did find that the more pleasurable a touch was believed to be , the larger the body area that person was allowed access to .
Despite their tactile reputation , the Italians were only slightly more comfortable with touching than the British . The Finns were the most relaxed about being touched . However , the differences were small and the results were broadly similar across all the countries studied .
Professor Dunbar , a leading evolutionary psychologist , said touch helps maintain relationships by triggering the release of endorphins , the feel-good brain chemicals usually associated with exercise .
He said : 'Touch is universal . While culture does modulate how we experience it , generally we all respond to touching in the same way .
'Even in an era of mobile communications and social media , touch is still important for establishing and maintaining bonds between people . '
The canine companions of airport security staff in Manchester are quick to spot sausages and cheese in passengers ' luggage but are failing to sniff out class A drugs , a report has found .
Inspectors said sniffer dogs at Manchester airport have failed to find any drugs or illegally smuggled cash . The report also found there were major faults with immigration controls , which allowed scores of passengers into the UK without the correct border checks .
The dogs failed to spot a single person carrying heroin or cocaine over the border during a six-month period studied by the independent chief inspector of borders and immigration . But one dog , trained to detect illegal animal products , often found “ small amounts of cheese or sausages ” carried by holidaymakers , the report said .
Inspectors said that although heroin and cocaine were assessed as “ very high priority ” for the search team , no class A drugs had been found by the dogs between November 2014 and June 2015 .
The review assessed airport border checks by 286 staff , and the Home Office , which oversees the checks , said improvements must be made .
The airport , the UK 's third largest , has six detector dogs and new kennels , which cost £1.25m . One dog made “ accurate detections ” – but most were of cheese or sausages , which the report said was a poor return on the annual cost of running the canine team .
Over the period , the dogs helped seize more than 46,000 cigarettes , 60kg of tobacco , 181kg of illegal meat , and £28,000 in cash . The dogs successfully detected illegal drugs on three occasions , finding small amounts of class B substances . They also found tablets of human growth hormone , Viagra and Bromazepam .
Other elements of border checks were also reviewed , with the report finding that :
- A significant number of Border Force staff at the airport were not fully trained in immigration work , leading to delays and inefficiencies in the processing of passengers .
- Some staff were called upon to supervise immigration functions at a terminal for a shift without the relevant immigration knowledge or training .
- There was a “ control breach ” in April 2015 when 150 passengers from a delayed Ryanair flight were “ misdirected through an unmanned immigration control ” , meaning they were able to leave the airport without their passports being checked . Managers “ acted decisively ” to deal with the breach .
A number of passenger entries were also questioned in the report . These included :
- An American passenger on a two-month visit with just £37 to his name who had just returned from Egypt on an Islamic studies course .
- A 12-year-old Japanese boy who arrived alone to be picked up by a “ dishevelled ” man who admitted no schooling arrangements had been made and interacted badly with the boy . When social services were n't available he was granted entry anyway .
- A Chinese national with a visa declared an amount of money for “ tourism and shopping ” which was well above his annual income . He was allowed in for six months , which should not have been permitted without a luggage check or interview , according to the inspector .
- An American professional poker player who wanted to meet a woman he had met on Facebook . Declaring himself a medical marijuana user , he was granted temporary admission to visit the woman until his flight five days later . The inspector said there should have been more checks because two children lived at the woman 's home and he should have been told medical marijuana was illegal in the UK .
A Manchester airport spokesman said staff “ work extremely closely ” with the Border Force and “ support their work to address the issues raised in this report ” .
Happiness is in your genes it seems , according to research that shows the more people in a country who have a particularly gene , the happier the nation will be .
The DNA in question , the FAAH gene , makes a protein that affects feelings of pleasure and pain . People with a particular version of it tend to be cheerier souls .
However , wealth and health were found to have little effect on happiness . The researchers said the find could help explain why some of the world 's poorest nations are also the happiest .
The team from Bulgaria and Hong Kong looked at whether there was a link between levels of the FAAH gene in a population and number of people who said they were 'very happy ' in global study of life satisfaction .
Sweden – one of the happiest countries in Europe and in the world – also had lots of happy DNA . Some 26.3 percent of Swedes have the happiness gene , compared to 23 percent of Britons , 21 percent of the French and 20 percent of Germans .
The happiness gene is even rarer in southern Europe , where it is found in 18 per cent of Greeks and just 12 percent of Italians .
Further afield , Ghana , Nigeria , Mexico and Columbia all came out near the top in the happiness league – and sported high rates of the gene .
In contrast , the peoples of Iraq , Jordan , China were among the least likely to rate themselves as 'very happy ' and also had the lowest levels of the gene .
But the gene and an optimistic outlook did n't always go hand in hand .
For instance , Russians and Estonians score very low on happiness , despite having the 'right ' DNA , the Journal of Happiness Studies reports .
Climatic differences were also found to be significantly associated with national differences in happiness .
Study co-author Michael Minkov , of the Varna University of Management , said : 'We can not fail to notice the high occurrence of the gene in equatorial and tropical environments in the Americas and Africa - and the lower occurrence of [ it ] around the Mediterranean Sea than in Northern Europe .
A spokesman for the journal 's publisher , Springer , said : 'Genetics is not the only determinant of happiness .
'The economic and political difficulties continuously experienced by Eastern European nations contribute to the very low happiness scores of Russians and Estonians . '
Researcher Professor Michael Minkov , of Sofia 's Varna University , said that nations not blessed with the right DNA are n't necessarily destined to be miserable – happiness can still raise and fall for other reasons .
Twenty years after the tragedy , Sergeant Xavier Gourmelon , who led the response team , said the Princess of Wales ’ last words were : “ My God , what ’ s happened ? ”
The 36-year-old royal was was taken to Pitie-Salpetriere hospital in the French capital but was pronounced dead several hours later on 31 August 1997 .
Mr Gourmelon said he was sure Diana would survive .
“ I could see she had a slight injury to her right shoulder but , other than that , there was nothing significant . There was no blood on her at all , ” he told The Sun .
“ To be honest , I thought she would live . As far as I knew when she was in the ambulance she was alive and I expected her to live .
`` But I found out later she had died in hospital . ''
Mr Gourmelon added the two passengers in the back of the car , Diana and Dodi Al-Fayed , who was also killed in the accident , were not wearing seat belts .
Family and friends of the Princess have said this was unusual behavior for her and she normally buckled up for every journey .
Much of our electricity is generated by burning coal or gas , both of which will ultimately run out . Renewable energy sources are fraught with their own problems ( not least the changeable nature of British weather ) , so could a Norwegian concept of erecting wind turbines thousands of feet in the air where there is always a breeze become a reality ?
A team of scientists of BBC 's Horizon meets researchers pioneering gene-based therapies that early results suggest could offer a cure for leukaemia .
It works by 'editing ' a patient 's genome by inserting genes that will allow the immune system to identify cancerous cells as alien and destroy them .
Michael Mosley visits a research project at St Thomas 's Hospital in London , where doctors are working to map the developing brain by safely MRI scanning foetuses as they grow .
The plan is to use the increased knowledge to identify pathologies that could shed light on conditions like autism and schizophrenia .
James Young , who lost an arm and a leg in an accident , goes in search of integrated technologies that might reveal a future for human-machine chimeras .
James meets self-proclaimed cyborg Neil Harbisson , who claims to have 'cured ' his colour-blindness by converting colour to sounds that are then transmitted to his skull .
The average life expectancy in the UK has been steadily increasing since records began in 1840 , but the fact remains that the human body gives up at around the 100 year mark - so could that change ?
The team turns to the east African naked mole rat , which enjoys ten times the lifespan of other species , to see if they can shed any light on the subject .
Dr Chris Faulkes , of Queen Mary University of London , asks whether - given the unique protein in their skin that makes it super stretchy and means cancer is virtually unheard of - the mole rat actually holds the secret to a long life .
Britain 's famously unpredictable climate may soon be a thing of the past , according to weatherman and meteorologist Peter Gibbs , who argues that we can expect a hotter , drier south , and a warmer , wetter north .
Biologist Adam Rutherford outlines the potentially catastrophic impact of plummeting numbers of non-human vertebrate species between now and 2030 - including the rise of smaller predators like rats as a knock-on effect should we lose apex predators such as lions and tigers .
He also warns that changing environments could lead us to a point where coffee can no longer survive on planet , or where entire marine systems disappear .
'Life will continue on earth as it has for four billion years , ' he said . 'What we are doing is removing the ability for us to live on earth . '
Some jobs seem more susceptible than others to being taken over by robots , but how sure can we be that 'soft skill ' careers will always require human ability ?
To give some indication , Dr Zoe Williams discovers an Artificial Intelligence programme that 's as good as she is at being a GP .
According to the show , several groups are developing what they hope will become 'drone taxis ' . But can we be trusted at the controls ? The answer is emphatically 'no ' .
But help is at hand . Dr Raffaello D'Andrea designed the complex programme that runs Amazon 's fiercely efficient warehouse robots – hundreds of which select products for dispatch to customers , all without crashing into one another .
By taking unreliable human pilots out of the equation , It could – perhaps – be the start of just the thing to finally make flying cars – or at least flying taxis – a reality .
Crucial among the things we 'need to know ' about the future ? And the one the team of scientists are 100 percent confident will prove accurate ? Expect the unexpected .
1 . Lake living
As you gaze upon Hangzhou 's West Lake and its surrounding lush hillsides , you 'll understand immediately why it 's been a great source of inspiration for artists , poets and philosophers throughout Chinese history .
The mountain-fringed West Lake grounds are speckled with pagodas , pavilions , temples and gardens .
The entire site covers more than 12,000 acres and there are numerous paths around the lake .
A favorite starting point is Beishan Road , off which you 'll see large patches of lotus blooms and leaves that seemingly stretch to the horizon .
On the other side of the road are historic mansions and villas .
To best experience the lake 's charms , hike up to the hills in the early morning or at sunset .
An “ exercise pill ” that could reduce the need for visits to the gym is a step closer , say scientists .
A study found that suppressing production of the protein myostatin increased muscle mass .
Although the research was conducted in mice , the team hopes it will lead to human treatments .
Lead researcher Dr Joshua Butcher , from Augusta University in Georgia , US , said : `` Ultimately , the goal of our research would be to create a pill that mimics the effect of exercise and protects against obesity .
`` A pill that inhibits myostatin could also have applications for muscle-wasting diseases , such as cancer , muscle dystrophy and AIDS , Myostatin is known to be a powerful `` brake '' that holds back skeletal muscle growth . ''
Studies suggest that obese people produce more of the protein , making it harder for them to exercise and build up muscle .
`` Given that exercise is one of the most effective interventions for obesity , this creates a cycle by which a person becomes trapped in obesity , '' said Dr Butcher .
The researchers bred four groups of lean and obese mice that were genetically programmed either to produce uninhibited levels of myostatin or to be completely lacking in the protein .
As expected , mice with no myostatin became markedly more muscular .
Obese mice unable to produce myostatin remained fat , but they were also stronger and showed markers of heart and metabolic health on a par with their lean counterparts .
They were in dramatically better shape than obese mice with unrestricted myostatin production .
Dr Butcher added : `` In our muscular obese mouse , despite full presentation of obesity , it appears that several of these key pathologies are prevented .
`` While much more research is needed , at this point myostatin appears to be a very promising pathway for protection against obesity-derived cardiometabolic dysfunction . ''
The research was presented at the American Physiological Society 's annual meeting , Experimental Biology 2017 , in Chicago , US .
Japan has one of the highest adoption rates in the world , with over 80,000 legal adoptions recorded every year . Yet when it comes to adopting children , the Asian country is lagging way behind most developed countries . That 's because around 98 % of Japanese adoptees are bright young men in their 20s and 30s .
At the same time , while studies have shown that family-controlled businesses are generally unsustainable over long periods of time - mostly due to the fact that business acumen and intelligence are only partially inherited - it 's interesting to see that not only are a third of Japanese corporations family-run , but they are also clearly outperforming professionally managed companies in almost every way . Statistics show that family firms are more profitable , have a higher market valuation and increased sales compared to their rivals . Even more curious is that giants like Suzuki , Toyota or Matsui Securities have managed to keep it all in the family for over a hundred years , and other family businesses for even longer than that .
But what does the remarkable success of family business have to do with the high rate of adult adoption , right ? Well , in Japan at least , these two curiosities are very closely linked . Prior to the Second World War , civil code in Japan decreed family wealth could only be passed down through male lines , traditionally to the first born son . So families with no male heirs or with sons deemed unsuitable to take over the family business turned to adoption , but not the kind most of us are used to . Instead of simply adopting a baby or a young boy , they adopted young men who displayed the intelligence and knowledge of business required to ensure that their name and legacy endured until the next generation . And while the law no longer prohibits people from passing down their fortune to female heirs , the age-old tradition of electing a 'mukoyoshi ' ( or 'adopted son-in-law ' ) is still very popular in Japan .
The vast majority of adoptions in Japan have little to do with kindness and generosity and a lot to do with mercantilism and the fear of losing centuries-old family names . Genes are not that reliable , which is why most family businesses stagnate and eventually go downhill after their founder 's death . But in Japan , you can find family-run businesses dating back over a millennium . According to Wikipedia the top five world 's oldest businesses are Japanese , with the oldest of them , a Buddhist temple builder called Kongō Gumi , having been founded in the year 578 . It remained a family-run business until 2006 , when it was absorbed by the Takamatsu Construction Group .
While some people may see the Japanese adult adoption as wrong or just plain weird , studies have found that it is a very effective way of keeping family businesses healthy over long periods of time . According to The New Economy , `` adopting highly qualified adults to head family businesses has the triple effect of displacing untalented blood heirs , eliciting better performance from managers who stand to be placed on a fast-track to ownership by becoming an adopted son , and encouraging proactivity among blood heirs who live under constant threat of being replaced by a 'superior ' adopted son . ''
Today , there are a host of matchmaking companies and marriage consultants specializing in recruiting adult adoptees for Japanese companies . `` There is definitely demand because the birth rate in Japan has been falling and many parents just have a daughter , '' says Chieko Date , the founder of a matchmaking site for woman looking for husbands willing to get adopted by their families . `` And many men are looking for opportunities to use their business skills outside the corporate world because in this economy , climbing up the corporate ladder is much harder . ''
Prospective voluntary adoptees obviously have a lot to gain from this as well . Not only are they awarded a high executive honor , but their families are often rewarded with large sums of money for accepting that their heir give up the family name and take on that of the adopters . It 's a good business deal , especially for families with multiple male heirs .
`` I see no problem in changing my family name because I see it as a nickname given by the government for the family registry , '' says Tsunemaru Tanaka , who signed up for Date 's website . `` I am confident that my skills can be useful so if there is a chance for me to inherit a family business and make it successful , that would be good for everyone . ''
But while many Japanese families turn to adult adoption as a pragmatic way of preserving their name and legacy , child adoption in the country is almost taboo . `` It 's an incredibly sad situation , '' Eriko Takahashi , Program Director of Disability and Social Welfare at Nippon Foundation , told Tokyo Weekly . `` In Japan roughly 39,000 kids are in care right now ; however , only around 300 adoptions are arranged through the child advisory services annually . Then there are about 100 through private bodies . It is nowhere near enough . ''
And when they do decide to adopt children , Hajime Youji claims that it is almost never a complete stranger 's child . `` It 's always a case of adoption from relative with too many kids , '' he writes on Quora .
A road safety campaign in Russia has come up with an inventive way to force drivers to slow down - by using topless women to carry speed limit signs .
The scheme involves near naked women parading along the side of the road at accident blackspots .
A trial showed that the idea significantly slowed traffic near a pedestrian crossing in Severny village , in the central Nizhny Novgorod region .
Road safety campaign Avtodrizhenia , who staged the trial , said that 'most speeding drivers , the majority of whom happened to be men , slowed down to admire the female road safety assistants . '
While the trial dates from 2013 , the idea has been revived as part of a new national debate on reducing the 30,000 a year deaths on Russia 's roads .
The topless women held signs warning of 60 and 40 kilometres per hour . There were no reports of accidents caused by drivers being distracted .
Elderly pedestrians were grateful for the bizarre method , claiming they took their lives in their hands each time they use the designated road crossing .
One female pensioner said : 'Drivers do not let us cross . Some of them do but many others just fly past .
'They even shout at us - 'why are you walking here ? ' Can you believe it ? '
One of the models who stripped off for the experiment said : 'Our drivers usually do not slow down when they pass a village or a settlement even though there are speed limit signs by the road . So we have to make them do it . '
A male driver said : 'It 's super thing , amazing . I 'd like to see more of this by the road , and yes I looked at speed limit sign this time . It will teach other drivers too . '
Igor Mikhailushkin , head of the regional police press service in Nizhny Novgorod region , where the experiment took place , said : 'We have organised similar installations this and last year trying to make the drivers obey the speed limit .
'But I must say our girls were dressed more than these women . '
Figures suggest Russia 's roads are among the most dangerous in the world .
Japan 's Emperor Akihito has strongly indicated he wants to step down , saying he fears his age will make it difficult to fulfill his duties .
The revered 82-year-old emperor 's comments came in only his second-ever televised address to the public .
Emperor Akihito did not explicitly say he wanted to abdicate as he is barred from making political statements .
PM Shinzo Abe said the government would take the remarks `` seriously '' and discuss what could be done .
`` Upon reflecting how he handles his official duty and so on , his age and the current situation of how he works , I do respect the heavy responsibility the emperor must be feeling and I believe we need to think hard about what we can do , '' he said .
Akihito , who has had heart surgery and was treated for prostate cancer , has been on the throne in Japan since the death of his father , Hirohito , in 1989 .
In his 10-minute pre-recorded message , he said he had `` started to reflect '' on his years as emperor , and contemplate his position in the years to come .
Why ca n't the emperor abdicate ?
Abdication is not mentioned under Japan 's existing laws , so they would need to be changed for the emperor to be able to stand down . The changes would also have to be approved by parliament .
What do the public think ?
Most support the emperor 's desire to step down - a recent survey by the Kyodo news agency found more than 85 % saying abdication should be legalised . But the move is opposed by some more conservative sections of Japanese society .
Is this the first time a revision of the law has been discussed ?
A debate about whether or not a woman would be able to ascend the throne was triggered in 2006 when the emperor had no grandsons , but was postponed after a boy was born to the imperial family .
What does the emperor do ?
The emperor has no political powers but has several official duties , such as greeting foreign dignitaries . Japan 's monarchy is entwined in the Shinto religion and the emperor still performs religious ceremonies . He also plants and harvests a small rice paddy inside the palace while the empress raises silkworms .
If he were to abdicate , it would be the first time a Japanese emperor has stepped down since Emperor Kokaku in 1817 .
A major milestone year marking the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II has passed , and in two years we will be welcoming the 30th year of Heisei .
As I am now more than 80 years old and there are times when I feel various constraints such as in my physical fitness , in the last few years I have started to reflect on my years as the Emperor , and contemplate on my role and my duties as the Emperor in the days to come .
As we are in the midst of a rapidly aging society , I would like to talk to you today about what would be a desirable role of the Emperor in a time when the Emperor , too , becomes advanced in age . While , being in the position of the Emperor , I must refrain from making any specific comments on the existing Imperial system , I would like to tell you what I , as an individual , have been thinking about .
Ever since my accession to the throne , I have carried out the acts of the Emperor in matters of state , and at the same time I have spent my days searching for and contemplating on what is the desirable role of the Emperor , who is designated to be the symbol of the State by the Constitution of Japan . As one who has inherited a long tradition , I have always felt a deep sense of responsibility to protect this tradition . At the same time , in a nation and in a world which are constantly changing , I have continued to think to this day about how the Japanese Imperial Family can put its traditions to good use in the present age and be an active and inherent part of society , responding to the expectations of the people .
It was some years ago , after my two surgeries that I began to feel a decline in my fitness level because of my advancing age , and I started to think about the pending future , how I should conduct myself should it become difficult for me to carry out my heavy duties in the way I have been doing , and what would be best for the country , for the people , and also for the Imperial Family members who will follow after me . I am already 80 years old , and fortunately I am now in good health . However , when I consider that my fitness level is gradually declining , I am worried that it may become difficult for me to carry out my duties as the symbol of the State with my whole being as I have done until now .
I ascended to the throne approximately 28 years ago , and during these years , I have spent my days together with the people of Japan , sharing much of the joys as well as the sorrows that have happened in our country . I have considered that the first and foremost duty of the Emperor is to pray for peace and happiness of all the people . At the same time , I also believe that in some cases it is essential to stand by the people , listen to their voices , and be close to them in their thoughts . In order to carry out the duties of the Emperor as the symbol of the State and as a symbol of the unity of the people , the Emperor needs to seek from the people their understanding on the role of the symbol of the State . I think that likewise , there is need for the Emperor to have a deep awareness of his own role as the Emperor , deep understanding of the people , and willingness to nurture within himself the awareness of being with the people . In this regard , I have felt that my travels to various places throughout Japan , in particular , to remote places and islands , are important acts of the Emperor as the symbol of the State and I have carried them out in that spirit . In my travels throughout the country , which I have made together with the Empress , including the time when I was Crown Prince , I was made aware that wherever I went there were thousands of citizens who love their local community and with quiet dedication continue to support their community . With this awareness I was able to carry out the most important duties of the Emperor , to always think of the people and pray for the people , with deep respect and love for the people . That , I feel , has been a great blessing .
In coping with the aging of the Emperor , I think it is not possible to continue reducing perpetually the Emperor 's acts in matters of state and his duties as the symbol of the State . A Regency may be established to act in the place of the Emperor when the Emperor can not fulfill his duties for reasons such as he is not yet of age or he is seriously ill . Even in such cases , however , it does not change the fact that the Emperor continues to be the Emperor till the end of his life , even though he is unable to fully carry out his duties as the Emperor .
When the Emperor has ill health and his condition becomes serious , I am concerned that , as we have seen in the past , society comes to a standstill and people 's lives are impacted in various ways . The practice in the Imperial Family has been that the death of the Emperor called for events of heavy mourning , continuing every day for two months , followed by funeral events which continue for one year . These various events occur simultaneously with events related to the new era , placing a very heavy strain on those involved in the events , in particular , the family left behind . It occurs to me from time to time to wonder whether it is possible to prevent such a situation .
As I said in the beginning , under the Constitution , the Emperor does not have powers related to government . Even under such circumstances , it is my hope that by thoroughly reflecting on our country 's long history of emperors , the Imperial Family can continue to be with the people at all times and can work together with the people to build the future of our country , and that the duties of the Emperor as the symbol of the State can continue steadily without a break . With this earnest wish , I have decided to make my thoughts known .
I sincerely hope for your understanding .
Japanese train-travel company Seibu Railway hopes to make a major design leap in time for their 100th anniversary ; a new line of fast commuter trains that “ blend into the landscape . ”
Seibu ’ s new trains won ’ t really be “ invisible ” so much as “ reflective , ” but a simulated disappearing act is the goal of the project .
Kazuyo Sejima , one of Japan ’ s premier architects who had apparently never penned a train before , has been commissioned to execute the design .
Sejima ’ s accolades include the coveted “ Pritzker Prize , ” given to “ architects whose built work demonstrates a combination of those qualities of talent , vision , and commitment , which has produced consistent and significant contributions to humanity and the built environment through the art of architecture , ” according to the outfit that bestows it .
Sejima ’ s website suggests she favors minimalism in design , which is certainly true of the new Seibu train concept .
“ The limited express travels in a variety of different sceneries , from the mountains of Chichibu to the middle of Tokyo , and I thought it would be good if the train could gently co-exist with this variety of scenery , ” Fast Company Design quotes Sejima from Seibu ’ s official press release . “ I also would like it to be a limited express where large numbers of people can all relax in comfort , in their own way , like a living room , so that they think to themselves ‘ I look forward to riding that train again , ’ ” she added .
The exterior ’ s active camouflage is only vaguely described as coated with “ a semi-reflective surface ” by Deezen and other outlets . Seems like a shiny vinyl wrap would be the simplest way to pull this off , but we will have to wait until the project progresses to see what Seibu really has in mind .
The company is said to operate over 111 miles of train tracks around Japan .
The speed , power and environmental impact of the “ invisible ” train has not yet been discussed , but it appears that the program is projected to start with seven eight-car trains in Japan ’ s 2018 fiscal year .
A new study says that standing up at your desk doesn ’ t actually decrease your risk of death-by-office , unless you ’ re physically active otherwise .
After several studies asserted that sitting at work all day is slowly killing us , researchers at the University of Exeter and University College London took another look at the claims . The Washington Post reports :
Researchers tracked 16 years ’ worth of health data from 5,132 people in the Whitehall II study cohort . Participants reported their total time sitting and how long they sat during four different situations : at work , watching television , leisure time and non-television leisure time . Researchers also tracked time spent walking daily and on physical activity .
After controlling for a number of factors , including diet and general health , researchers found the overall mortality risk for these participants wasn ’ t influenced by how long they sat or by the kind of sitting . And the researchers cautioned that too much emphasis on not sitting shouldn ’ t take the place of promoting physical activity .
What ’ s particularly interesting about the study , published in the International Journal of Epidemiology , is that researchers didn ’ t just focus on sitting during the workday , but factored in all kinds of sitting-specific data as well as rates of physical activity . Their conclusion was that “ sitting time was not associated with all-cause mortality risk. ” Basically , more elements are in play than just whether you ’ re sitting down at work , and your levels of physical activity are the greatest health indicator .
So what does this all mean ? It appears that the act of working while standing up—which has become a trendy thing to do , especially in tech offices—doesn ’ t help your health , if you ’ re not actually exercising otherwise . If you never make it to the gym , you might as well just sit down . This is good news for the makers of treadmill desks , however .
The last office where I worked jumped on the standing desk trend hard , installing desks that could be raised for all workers . They also had a treadmill desk , and a bike desk . While the option to stand is certainly nice as a change in the middle of a monotonous workday , this research suggests it ’ s not the cure-all that adherents would like to claim .
“ Our study overturns current thinking on the health risks of sitting and indicates that the problem lies in the absence of movement rather than the time spent sitting itself , ” study author Melvyn Hillsdon of the University of Exeter said in a statement . “ Any stationary posture where energy expenditure is low may be detrimental to health , be it sitting or standing . ”
The takeaway here is companies that truly want to assist worker health should invest money in options like free exercise classes and gym reimbursements . They should encourage employees to go outside and actually walk around , not simply stand up at their computers . And maybe it means that everyone who insists that standing up is the only way to work can climb down off their high desk .
A lucky British youngster will be given the opportunity to star alongside Eddie Redmayne in the forthcoming Harry Potter spin-off 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them ' .
The part will be thrown open to a public casting call at which girls aged eight to twelve will be given the chance to impress Warner Bros. executives . Contenders will not be required to have any previous acting experience ahead of the event which will be held at London 's ExCeL centre on Saturday .
The character will be called Modesty and will be expected to start filming alongside Redmayne who plays the `` magizoologist '' Newt Scamander . Scamander attains notoriety by penning a Hogwarts School textbook about magical creatures . `` Modesty is a haunted young girl with an inner strength and stillness , '' the studio said in a statement . `` She has an ability to see deep into people and understand them . ''
Writing on her Facebook page in 2013 , JK Rowling said of the story : `` Although it will be set in the worldwide community of witches and wizards where I was so happy for 17 years , Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is neither a prequel nor a sequel to the Harry Potter series , but an extension of the wizarding world .
`` The laws and customs of the hidden magical society will be familiar to anyone who has read the Harry Potter books or seen the films , but Newt 's story will start in New York , 70 years before Harry 's gets under way . ''
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them will be released on November 18 , 2016 .
People come back from vacation and kind of sugarcoat everything . Even on a trip where they spent the entire time trying not to freeze to death , they 'll typically return and say something like , `` You know , aside from the desolate frozen wasteland and 14 straight days of blizzards , Siberia was BEAUTIFUL ! '' And then they go on to tell you about how welcoming everyone was , and how you really should learn to appreciate borscht .
But nobody really sees the world through such rose-colored glasses , and when granted the anonymity of the internet , we probably all have some terrible things to say about countries we 've visited .
Venice stinks , like literally
MrFunsocks1
The romance of Venice is almost completely ruined by the odor . The canals are filthy , and smell , and it is n't helped by everyone in Italy being a smoker and leaving butts everywhere .
Morocco needs more toilet paper !
gnirpss
If you go to Morocco , carry tissues with you at all times . There is a shocking lack of toilet paper in Moroccan bathrooms .
Australia is ridden with ... flies ?
stinkytinkles
That Australia has SO MANY FLIES .
chippeh
oh god I had forgotten .
They get in your mouth , nose , eyes .
Blergh
RedBanana99
Australia
The flies
The flies
and the flies
Gadorow
I 've grown convinced that in the center of our country lurks the demon prince Beelzebub , Lord of Flies .
Peru is full of stray dogs
honeynut-queerios
There 's a lot of stray dogs in Peru . I 've heard that stray dogs are kind of the norm in Latin American countries , and most of the ones I encountered did n't want anything to do with anyone passing by . However , there was one stray that I passed frequently while walking to a project I was working at and he was extremely aggressive , to the point that I started carrying rocks in my bag in case he chased me . He would follow me for blocks , remaining hidden in a yard until I passed by . He 'd bare his teeth and growl , he also slobbered a lot . I did n't think it was rabies , but I 'm also not 100 % convinced it 's not rabies .
New Zealand may as well be Albuquerque
DNZ_not_DMZ
As a European who moved to NZ :
Burglaries and rapes are much more common here , so is domestic violence . I love it here , but it 's not quite the quaint LotR wonderland it 's often made out to be .
Italy is COVERED in graffiti
turnipforwhales
Went to Milan a few months ago . Huge factories , graffiti everywhere , lots of homeless people , shanty towns , boarded up houses , saw a guy attempt to pick-pocket someone . And there were huge designer stores all over the city too . There seemed to be an enormous class difference . Only posted the cathedral on facebook ...
noshoes77
The Coliseum in Rome is awful with graffiti . It 's just just terrible what the people have done to that place .
The Swiss are kinda rude
wjescott
Switzerland was absolutely stunning ... if there were n't any people around .
The Swiss people I met were , to a person , very rude .
Amidatelion
Swiss people are very insular and , ah , superior-minded . The fact that you were an American probably compounded a very cold reaction almost everyone gets . I 'm half-german and though I speak fluent German , they treated me pretty poorly until my grasp of the dialect improved . And the damn superiority never went away , except for some close co-workers .
Brazil is filthy ...
mredofcourse
I 'm in Rio de Janeiro right now . There 's no way this place could be ready for the Olympics in 6 years let alone 6 months . It 's a very filthy place . There are all kinds of sewage , pollution , litter , crime , and traffic issues .
... and Uruguay is n't much better . Haven . For . Litterbugs .
soldiersquared
Everybody just throws their trash on the sidewalk and nobody picks up their waste from their dogs . The gas they use is unlike our `` unleaded '' we use in the States so the air smells completely fucking toxic . Unreal .
Floridians are a bunch of cheaters
carlosdanger11
Sitting in a Florida cracker barrel while on vaca right now . I ca n't believe how many young people ( like in their 20 's ) have handicap stickers . I watched at least 4 groups of them while waiting for a table and none of them had any noticeable issues . There 's actually a Ferrari parked in one now .
American border officers are a-holes
GodardWaffleCakes
Border officers in the US tend to be unnecessarily rude , it does n't matter if you are entering by land or plane , you can feel they do n't want you there . I have gone to the US many times and every single time it is the same . It really is a bummer for it to be your first experience entering the country , as the rest of the trip tends to be great .
The Queen has been left distraught following the death of one of her two surviving corgis .
Thirteen-year-old Holly , who appeared in the celebrated James Bond sketch for the opening of the London Olympics in 2012 , was put down at Balmoral last week .
The Queen took the heartbreaking decision to summon a vet for the dog , which was suffering from illness and the effects of old age .
On average , corgis age a little over six times faster than humans , making Holly the equivalent of 81 , nine years younger than her royal mistress .
Insiders say she was ‘ very sad ’ after the decision was taken to have Holly put to sleep .
‘ The Queen was deeply upset but she doesn ’ t like seeing her dogs suffer and Holly had reached a very good age , ’ said one . ‘ She gets more unsettled if they are distressed and she knows that putting a dog down is often the kindest solution .
‘ She was devoted to Holly and wherever the Queen was , the dog was never far behind. ’ I understand that the faithful companion has been buried in the castle grounds at a spot the Queen can see from her drawing room window . In due course there will almost certainly be a headstone marking the resting place .
Last year it was revealed that she had stopped breeding Pembroke Welsh corgis because of fears that with younger dogs around her feet she might trip over one and hurt herself .
It also emerged that she no longer wanted any new four-legged companions to replace those that died , as had been the practice in the past .
Monty Roberts , the Californian cowboy who inspired the Hollywood film The Horse Whisperer and who has been an informal adviser to the Queen on her horses and dogs for more than a quarter of a century , disclosed that she did not want to leave any of her beloved pets behind when she dies .
Holly ’ s death came at the end of the Queen ’ s summer break , days before she was due to return to London . A Buckingham Palace spokesman said : ‘ It is a private matter . ’
Corgis have an average lifespan of 12 to 13 years , though some live longer . Kelpie , another royal favourite , lived to 17 .
They haven ’ t all had long lives , however . In 2003 Pharos was savaged by Princess Anne ’ s bull terrier Dotty and had to be put down .
The Belt and Road Initiative : The Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st-Century Maritime Silk Road
An oversight model drawing on random inspections by randomly selected law enforcement officers or inspectors and requiring the prompt release of results
Three stricts and three honests : Be strict in morals , power and disciplining oneself ; be honest in decisions , business and behavior
The strategy of Four comprehensives : Comprehensively building a moderately prosperous society , comprehensively driving reform to a deeper level , comprehensively governing the country in accordance with the law , and comprehensively enforcing strict Party discipline
Five development concept of innovation , harmonization , green , openness and sharing
Promote all-round economic , political , cultural , social , and ecological progress
Manufacturer of advanced and quality products
Platforms will be created for crowd innovation , crowd support , crowdsourcing , and crowdfunding
A Beautiful China where the sky is blue , the land is green , and the water runs clear
Targeted poverty alleviation
Supply-side structural reform : Cutting overcapacity , destocking , deleveraging , reducing costs and identifying growth areas
Inclusive and green finance
Mass entrepreneurship and innovation
Coordinated reform of medical services , medical insurance , and the medicine industry
Build the armed forces through political work and reform , and run them by law
A homeless man is fast becoming an internet sensation with his video blog of life on the streets of Moscow , it 's reported .
Yevgeny Yakut moved to the Russian capital in search of a better life , but soon found himself one of the many homeless people in a city known for its housing shortage and high cost of living . But he thinks he 's found a way out . `` I was warming myself in a railway station , when I saw a television report on bloggers making money through advertising , '' he tells the TV channel Moscow 360 . A young passer-by got chatting to him about the idea , and agreed to be Mr Yakut 's cameraman , using a smartphone to record his friend 's wittily stoic accounts of the daily struggle to `` find food , a place to sleep , and keep out of the way of the police '' .
Mr Yakut shows viewers how he deals with everyday life without a home in central Moscow .
They upload the regular reports to YouTube , where Mr Yakut is hoping to attract enough subscribers to interest advertisers in his channel . So far , the pair have racked up more than 18,000 subscribers - around half of those since Russian media began reporting his story - and more than 450,000 video views .
In one video Mr Yakut points out free shuttle bus services that he , and others in his position , can use to get around . He also shows viewers the best place he has found to wash and shave - a modern shopping centre bathroom - and how to make use of the items other Muscovites have discarded in the city 's bins .
The popularity of the pair 's YouTube channel has impressed video-marketer Kirill Kalashnikov , who tells Moscow 360 that with some professional help , `` this could be turned into a million subscribers within a year '' . In the meantime , Mr Yakut says supporters can make donations via a Moscow drain pipe , where he hides his cache of dollars in a deposit box fashioned from a soft-drink bottle .
Soon , your phone 's cracked screen may have its own healing factor .
Scientists from the Department of Chemistry at the University of California , Riverside have developed a self-healing material that has potential applications for phone screens , artificial muscles , and more .
The concept is n't exactly new . In late 2013 , the LG G Flex came out with a self-healing back that automatically repaired scratches and other wear and tear in a matter of minutes . The Flex 's material was non-conductive , so it could n't be used on screens .
This new material is `` transparent , self-healing , highly stretchable material that can be electrically activated and could be used to improve batteries , electronic devices , and robots , '' according to a blog post from UC Riverside .
Chao Wang , one of the authors of the paper , `` developed an interest in self-healing materials because of his lifelong love of Wolverine , the comic book character who has the ability to self-heal . ''
Christoph Keplinger , another author of the paper , has previously demonstrated that these stretchable , transparent materials can be used to create transparent loudspeakers . With the additional ability to self-heal , the new material is ideal for electronics . The material is both low-cost and strong and can fix itself by resting for 24 hours at room temperature .
While it may sound futuristic , Wang expects to see materials like the one developed by his lab in production in as little as three years .
`` Within three years , more self-healing products will go to market and change our everyday life . It will make our cellphones achieve much better performance than what they can achieve right now , '' Wang told Business Insider .
Chinese mariner Guo Chuan has gone missing on a solo trans-Pacific voyage that was set to break a world record .
Guo 's support team said they not been in contact with him since 3 p.m. Tuesday Beijing time ( 3 a.m . ET ) .
His trimaran `` Qingdao China , '' named after his home city in eastern China , was spotted 900 nautical miles off the west coast of Hawaii -- but Guo was nowhere to be found .
The US Coast Guard has sent out several rescue teams , including an aircraft and two ships , to search for him but has had no luck yet .
`` Crew of USS Mankin Island has visited the boat but did not find Guo . They collected all Guo 's belongings aboard for his family . They lowered the mainsail around 11.50 a.m.. Search and rescue is continuing on the sea , '' the latest update said Thursday .
Guo had 'deep love for sailing '
Departing on October 18 from San Francisco , Guo wanted to beat the solo non-stop trans-Pacific world record .
He planned to reach Shanghai in 20 days , breaking the previous 21-day record set by Italian Giovanni Soldini . His intended route was about 7,000 nautical miles .
Dubbed `` Chinese No . 1 Mariner , '' Guo is regarded as a national hero in China .
He is the country 's first-ever professional sailor with two world records : the 40ft solo non-stop circumnavigation world record ( finished in 138 days in 2013 ) and Arctic Ocean Northeast Passage non-stop sailing world record ( 12 days 3 hrs in 2015 ) .
Miao Hanlin , a 24-year-old fan of Guo 's who met his hero three years ago , said the sailor has a strong personality .
`` He seemed not good at words , but I can tell he had the qualities for the great undertaking like global sailing , '' he told CNN . `` He had deep love for sailing as well as the grit to do it . ''
In an official statement , the Consulate General of China in Los Angeles said that the consulate would spare no effort to push forward the search and rescue work , with assistance from both China and US government .
Brush with death
During a 2011 trans-Atlantic race , Guo had a close call he later recounted to China 's official news agency Xinhua .
`` I was waist deep in the water . If had n't grabbed the rope , I would had been thrown in the water . In that scenario , I would never catch up with the ship . My chance of survival would be none , '' he told Xinhua .
`` I fear being separated from the ship when I am sailing solo . ''
Before embarking on his voyage , Guo appeared to be in high spirits .
`` I am very confident to go now . See you in Shanghai within 20 days , '' Guo said before he left .
Michel Stone , Border Child
In Stone 's first novel , The Iguana Tree , Héctor makes the risky border crossing from Mexico into the US and finds a good job in South Carolina . When his wife Lilia follows him , she is separated from their infant daughter Alejandra . Border Child begins several years later , back in their home village in Oaxaca , where both of them mourn their Alejandra , fearing she is dead . Then comes a message that they might be able to find her . As Lilia prepares for the birth of their third child , haunted by the consequences of her actions , Héctor sets off on a search that leads to a possibility neither had considered . Stone makes palpable the vulnerabilities and exploitation of Lilia and Héctor , hard-working parents seeking a better future for their family . ( Credit : Doubleday )
David George Haskell , The Songs of Trees
Haskell makes repeated visits to a dozen trees around the world . “ The forest presses its mouth to every living creature and exhales , ” he writes in the Amazonian rainforest in Ecuador , a place of unrivaled plant diversity . There he climbs to the crown of a giant ceiba tree at least 150 years old and traces its connections to plant , animal , bacterial and fungal life . He visits an olive plantation in Jerusalem , and tracks seasons of new growth after a green ash falls on the Cumberland plateau in Kentucky . On New York 's Upper West Side he wires a Callery pear planted above the subway , describing how the city 's sounds affect the tree 's growth ( “ when a plant is shaken , it grows more roots ” ) . Each acutely observed essay is resonant as a poem . ( Credit : Viking )
Nick Joaquin , The Woman Who Had Two Navels and Tales of the Tropical Gothic
For the centenary of his birth comes the first US publication of a compilation of work from Filipino writer Nick Joaquin , including his best-known stories and the 1966 play A Portrait of the Artist as Filipino . Joaquin 's writing is laced with references to his country 's colonial history , Catholicism and pre-Christian rituals . The “ two navels ” in the title story refer to symbolic ties to Spanish and American colonial periods . ( The once-heroic father in the story , who chooses exile in Hong Kong over American occupation , is overcome with despair when he finds his ancestral house in Dinondo destroyed . ) May Day Eve and The Summer Solstice dramatise the lure of pagan celebrations ( in the latter , Dona Lupe is transformed after joining dancing village women : “ her eyes brimmed with moonlight , and her mouth with laughter ” ) . ( Credit : Penguin )
Lesley NnekaArimah , What It Means When a Man Falls from the Sky
From the Nigerian-born , Minneapolis-based Arimah comes a story collection full of dazzlers . Light , in which a father taking care of his 11-year-old daughter in Nigeria while her mother is in the US pursuing her MBA discovers he wants to preserve her “ streak of fire ” , won the 2015 African Commonwealth Prize . In Who Will Greet You at Home , a National Magazine Award finalist after publication in The New Yorker , an assistant hairdresser creates a yearned-for baby out of hair , only to discover its insatiable appetites . In the dystopian title story , a finalist for the 2016 Caine Prize , a woman who specialises in calculating grief faces the question “ What would happen if you could n't forget , if every emotion from every person whose grief you 'd eaten came back up ? ” ( Credit : Riverhead Books )
Richard Bausch , Living in the Weather of the World
These 14 flawless new stories from a master craftsman deal with betrayals , distances and unspoken family conflict . In The Same People , as a couple married for decades prepare to end their lives , the wife says , “ I wish we 'd had children. ” The young Memphis painter in The Lineaments of Gratified Desire finds his engagement disrupted when he is commissioned by a wealthy 83-year-old to paint a nude portrait of his 23-year-old bride-to-be . Two Iraq war veterans drink cognac with a Vietnam vet who owns a Memphis bar ; Veterans Night ends in tragedy . As the gloomy narrator of Map-Reading a gay man estranged from his family who is meeting his half sister on a windy , rainy day , puts it , “ this was life in the world : getting yourself drenched even with an umbrella. ” ( Credit : Knopf )
David Owen , Where the Water Goes
The New Yorker staff writer Owen examines the origins , scope and current state of the Colorado river in the American West that supplies water to more than 36 million people , irrigates six million acres of farmland , and powers two of the country 's largest hydroelectric plants . Over the last century the river 's water has been “ over-allocated , ” Owen writes ; this imbalance has been exacerbated by the drought in the West . He brings us to key spots along the river , from the Grand Canyon to Las Vegas , the Imperial Valley , and the Salton Sea . He describes struggles with water shortages , and solutions that may arise in the future , including desalinization , diverting other rivers , and cloud seeding . Where the Water Goes is an eloquent argument for addressing the impact of human inhabitants on the natural world . ( Credit : Riverhead Books )
Martha Cooley , Guesswork
Cooley spends a 14-month sabbatical from her life in Brooklyn in the medieval village of Castiglione del Terziere with her Italian husband , Antonio Romani , a fellow writer and translator . There she comes to terms with the deaths of eight dear friends within the past decade . Her mother , nearing 90 , is becoming increasingly frail . Her father suffers from dementia . These accumulated losses , she writes `` have upended me . '' Cooley describes her daily life with Antonio , the feral cats and bats and villagers they encounter . She muses on time , mortality and ambition . Midway through her break , she realises she has dwelt more upon endings than on beginnings – a new novel , a new marriage . In these lyrical essays , Cooley brings us along vicariously to feel time loosen its grip , allowing a renewing self to emerge . ( Credit : Catapult )
Leonora Carrington , The Complete Stories
Carrington , the surrealist painter , was also a writer of strangely dark and unearthly short stories , collected here for the first time ( and including three previously unpublished tales ) – those in French are translated by Kathrine Talbot , those in Spanish by Anthony Kerrigan . Born in Lancashire on the day the US declared war on Germany , Carrington ran off to France with Max Ernst at 19 . When he was interned , she became unhinged and ended up in an asylum , given the pharmaceutical equivalent of shock treatment . Witness to cruelties and terrible disruptions of reality , Carrington wrote stories filled with fluid creatures caught somewhere between animal , vegetable , mineral and human . One narrator sends a hyena in her place to her debutante ball ; another visits a nearby house to discover her neighbors are long dead , possibly vampires . Like her paintings , Carrington 's stories are hauntingly original . ( Credit : Dorothy )
Anne Garreta , Not One Day
“ There 's only one key to unlock the secret of our subjectivity : desire , ” writes French author Garreta , a member of the Oulipo school , which sets structural constraints on literary composition . The narrator of this short novel , translated from the French by Emma Ramadan , in its first English translation , commits to writing five hours a day for a month , recounting memories of lovers past . The goal : “ not one day without a woman. ” More than a year later , she has written a dozen portraits . There 's *B , whose attractiveness is “ a super acute mental intensity ” , pursued with uncertainty one night in Rome , and *E , who turns seductive after a boring academic symposium . These encounters and others unfold as Garreta pursues her playful task of “ confession , or how to scrape the bottoms of mirrors ” . Not One Day won France 's Prix Médicis . ( Credit : Deep Vellum )
Adam Kirsch , The Global Novel : Writing the World in the 21st Century
Award-winning critic Adam Kirsch achieves a fresh take on world literature in this collection of essays about eight global writers who encompass six languages and five continents . What unites these eight , Kirsch argues , “ is the insistence on the global dimension not just of contemporary experience , but of contemporary imagination. ” The new migrant novel is one of the most significant literary expressions of the 21st Century . In Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie 's Americanah and Mosin Hamid 's The Reluctant Fundamentalist , the US is “ a stage of life rather than a final destination ” . Examining these plus Orhan Pamuk 's Snow , Margaret Atwood 's Oryx and Crake , Haruki Murakami 's IQ84 , Roberto Bolano 's 2666 , Elena Ferrante 's Neapolitan novels and Houllebecq 's The Possibility of an Island , Kirsch gives hope for “ the capacity of fiction to reveal humanity to itself ” . ( Credit : Columbia Global Reports )
Disney has scored a series of hits with its live-action remakes of beloved animated films , and that trend has not even begun to slow .
On Monday , the company announced that the newest movie to get the live-action treatment would be Mulan .
Based on the same Chinese legend as the 1998 animated movie , Mulan will follow in the footsteps of Cinderella , Maleficent , and several already-announced upcoming movies .
Elizabeth Martin and Lauren Hynek wrote the new script for a story about a young woman who disguises herself as a man in order to go to war in her father 's place .
The feature cartoon earned over $ 300 million at the box office in its original release and inspired a direct-to-DVD sequel in 2004 .
Since 2010 , Disney has released three live-action adaptations of formerly animated movies : Alice In Wonderland , Maleficent , and Cinderella .
All three have proven to be financial successes , with Alice In Wonderland earning over $ 1 billion and Maleficent bringing in $ 758 million .
Even the most recent offering , Cinderella , has managed to earn over $ 330 million in its first three weeks of wide release .
Fans of live-action remakes will not have to wait for Mulan , since Disney has already planned four other adaptations to hit theatres first .
The Jungle Book is the next movie to get a live-action revival , planned for 2016 , and a sequel to Alice In Wonderland is expected that year as well .
A retelling of Beauty And The Beast - starring Emma Watson , Dan Stevens , and Audra McDonald - will begin production in May , with an expected release date of March 17 , 2017 .
Surprisingly , the other Disney cartoon getting an adaptation is 1941 's Dumbo , the story of a flying elephant .
Tim Burton signed on to direct that tricky movie on March 10 .
One of my earliest memories is sitting on my grandfather 's shoulders , waving a flag as our astronauts returned to Hawaii . This was years before we 'd set foot on the moon . Decades before we 'd land a rover on Mars . A generation before photos from the International Space Station would show up in our social media feeds .
I still have the same sense of wonder about our space program that I did as a child . It represents an essential part of our character -- curiosity and exploration , innovation and ingenuity , pushing the boundaries of what 's possible and doing it before anybody else . The space race we won not only contributed immeasurably important technological and medical advances , but it also inspired a new generation of scientists and engineers with the right stuff to keep America on the cutting edge .
That 's one of the reasons why , in my first address as President to the American people , I vowed to return science to its rightful place . In our first few months , my administration made the largest single investment in basic research in our history , and I went to the Kennedy Space Center to call for reimagining and reinvigorating our space program to explore more of our solar system and look deeper into the universe than ever .
In the years since , we 've revitalized technology innovation at NASA , extended the life of the International Space Station , and helped American companies create private-sector jobs by capitalizing on the untapped potential of the space industry .
Last year alone , NASA discovered flowing water on Mars and evidence of ice on one of Jupiter 's moons , and we mapped Pluto -- more than 3 billion miles away -- in high-resolution . Our space telescopes revealed additional Earth-like planets orbiting distant stars , and we 're pursuing new missions to interact with asteroids , which will help us learn how to protect the Earth from the threat of colliding with one while also teaching us about the origins of life on Earth . We 've flown by every planet in the solar system -- something no other nation can say . And we continue to drive down the cost of space exploration for taxpayers .
This week , we 'll convene some of America 's leading scientists , engineers , innovators and students in Pittsburgh to dream up ways to build on our progress and find the next frontiers . Just five years ago , US companies were shut out of the global commercial launch market . Today , thanks to groundwork laid by the men and women of NASA , they own more than a third of it . More than 1,000 companies across nearly all 50 states are working on private space initiatives .
We have set a clear goal vital to the next chapter of America 's story in space : sending humans to Mars by the 2030s and returning them safely to Earth , with the ultimate ambition to one day remain there for an extended time . Getting to Mars will require continued cooperation between government and private innovators , and we 're already well on our way . Within the next two years , private companies will for the first time send astronauts to the International Space Station .
The next step is to reach beyond the bounds of Earth 's orbit . I 'm excited to announce that we are working with our commercial partners to build new habitats that can sustain and transport astronauts on long-duration missions in deep space . These missions will teach us how humans can live far from Earth -- something we 'll need for the long journey to Mars .
The reporter who covered the moon landing for The New York Times , John Noble Wilford , later wrote that Mars tugs at our imagination `` with a force mightier than gravity . '' Getting there will take a giant leap . But the first , small steps happen when our students -- the Mars generation -- walk into their classrooms each day . Scientific discovery does n't happen with the flip of a switch ; it takes years of testing , patience and a national commitment to education .
President Eisenhower knew this : In 1958 , he devoted great resources to science and math education around the same time he created NASA . And it 's why I 'm proud that we 've passed important milestones in STEM education . For the first time , more than 100,000 engineers are graduating from American schools every year , and we 're on track to accomplish my goal of training 100,000 excellent new STEM teachers in a decade .
When our Apollo astronauts looked back from space , they realized that while their mission was to explore the moon , they had `` in fact discovered the Earth . '' If we make our leadership in space even stronger in this century than it was in the last , we wo n't just benefit from related advances in energy , medicine , agriculture and artificial intelligence , we 'll benefit from a better understanding of our environment and ourselves .
Someday , I hope to hoist my own grandchildren onto my shoulders . We 'll still look to the stars in wonder , as humans have since the beginning of time . But instead of eagerly awaiting the return of our intrepid explorers , we 'll know that because of the choices we make now , they 've gone to space not just to visit , but to stay -- and in doing so , to make our lives better here on Earth .
The humble watermelon . The epitome of summer . But how do you know if it 's perfectly ripe ? Well , one theory is that if you knock hard on the outside , the sound you hear will help determine if it 's ready to eat .
That theory lead to a huge online debate in China about what kind of people engaged in the art of 'watermelon knocking ' ?
The discussion , which thousands of people contributed to on the Chinese micro blogging site Sina Weibo , was kicked off by an obscure event thousands of miles away in Italy .
It all began when a Chinese social media user posted the picture below of a sign in an Italian supermarket asking customers not to knock on the watermelons . The sign was stuck in a crate full of watermelons which read : `` please stop knocking on the watermelons , they will not respond to it ! ''
There is no indication that the supermarket was targeting this message at customers with Chinese heritage . The sign was in Italian not Mandarin . But somehow it was taken as an attack on a practice which some Chinese observers regarded as being unique to their national customs .
According to What 's On Weibo , the photo was widely shared after Chinese media outlets reported that the notice was aimed directly at Chinese customers . But some social media users were quick to establish that the art of knocking watermelons is not exclusive to China and is in fact universal . The viral photo was originally posted by a user on Weibo who calls himself 'Isolated Guardian ' . He is allegedly a Chinese man living in Milan . The photo has since been removed from his page .
Many shared jokes aimed at the supermarket sign .
Some people shared photos of themselves listening for a response from watermelons .
The topic of watermelons is another example of how some people in China are concerned about how they are perceived around the world .
Online users are keen to show they know better , especially on the subject of watermelons .
Others pointed out that the concept of watermelon knocking has been passed down from their parents .
A quick online search will reveal that Chinese social media users are not alone in their thinking . Watermelon knocking and listening for a hollow sound is indeed a near universal concept . A vast array of videos and blogs provide with advice on how to pick a good watermelon . It even appears in film and animation . Popular Russian cartoon , 'Nu , pogodi ! ' included watermelon knocking as part of an episode .
One video comically claimed to have a magic formula but the end result was not very convincing . There 's even a smart phone app designed by Chinese university students to you help you in your endeavour to find the ideal watermelon .
There are no absolute guarantees about what to do when it comes to choosing fruit . But at the risk of causing an international diplomatic incident we would suggest there some common ground about what to look for to choose the perfect watermelon .
Feel the weight of the melon . The heavier the better
Press on the watermelon . It should feel firm and if it springs back , it 's ready to eat
Look at the markings on the melon . A yellow patch on one end indicates it 's ready
Of course if that all that fails , you could always , knock and wait for a reply .
When a friend or loved one wants to show you something on television or play you a track , they probably mean for you to engage in the experience rather than focus on your phone or tablet .
It 's distracting and a little upsetting for them to then find you flicking through your feeds or inbox rather than giving your full attention .
If you 're not that interested or want to watch or do something else , say so . Do one thing properly , not two things half-heartedly .
Social media has bred this false belief that all your 'friends ' and followers care about every moment in your life . What we used to just communicate to a select few now gets broadcast to hundreds .
That it 's 67 days until your wedding or your three-and-a-half-month anniversary of relationship bliss is not an update that anyone cares about . Even your partner may struggle to muster enthusiasm for such a menial milestone .
Less is very much more when it comes to sharing such matters .
Listen , we 've connected with you on Facebook because we like you as a person and are keenly interested in you socially . QED : we are your friends , not your clients .
Using your social page to promote a new scheme is shameless and unwanted .
Fine - post one missive inviting your friends to like your business page , but do not blur the boundaries and use your friends to shift your gear using your personal account .
Years ago , people said grace before they ate . Today , they take photos of their food .
Then they have a discussion as to which filter best sets off the scones , and then they wonder why the scones have gone tepid .
Just eat them .
I 'm no fitness expert , but surely you should be using all your energy in the gym to actually workout , rather than use it to share with us the size of your muscles , or lack of hips , as an Instagram story ?
Think how buff you could be if you used the time and energy to lift that 24kg weight rather than stage a photoshoot of it .
It still counts as going to the gym even if no one else knows about it but you .
Older generations , who came late to the Facebook party , do have a tendency to add people they know of , but have never actually met .
Younger generations , who grew up thinking that a friend request from someone was a big deal , can find this a tad alarming ; borderline intrusive .
All generations need to get some perspective , but a good rule of thumb is to never add anyone you have n't met in real life .
Nothing silently shrieks loneliness more than posting a photo of you taken with a phone in your mirror .
I do pity you , but resist sharing it . Ask a friend ( you must have at least one ) to take a photo of you rather than DIY .
Kobe 's retirement is good for business .
The five-time NBA champion is set to play his last game on Wednesday , and tickets are reaching exorbitant levels .
The average price for a ticket to the Lakers game in Los Angeles is listed at over $ 2,100 and selling for about $ 1,400 . To even get in the arena costs more than $ 800 .
The most expensive ticket is listed for $ 29,200 . At least it 's courtside . Tickets for Wednesday 's game have gone up more than six times in price .
TiqIQ , which started tracking ticket resales in 2010 , said these are record levels for a regular season NBA game .
Ticket prices for Wednesday 's game are up 89 % from last year 's final Lakers home game , according to StubHub .
Bryant has spent 20 seasons in the NBA and has played for the Lakers since signing with them at 17 .
During the last two seasons , Bryant has been hobbled by injuries and the Lakers have finished in last place . But , after he announced his retirement in November , ticket prices immediately began to shoot up , according to SeatGeek .
Fans who bought away-game tickets after Bryant 's announcement spent about 26 % more than those who bought their tickets before . Tickets to home games increased by 33 % .
The Lakers have become the second most expensive team to watch since Bryant announced his retirement . This is in spite of the fact that they 've won only 16 games this season -- they 've lost 65 .
Bryant 's upcoming exit from the NBA has also led to a 500 % increase in sales of his merchandise on Fanatics.com . Over the past 30 days , Bryant gear has been so popular that he 's currently the second best-selling player in the NBA -- only gear of Warriors ' star Steph Curry is more popular .
How much money Kobe Bryant made playing basketball
The Los Angeles Lakers star has earned $ 323 million in salary from the Lakers over the course of his career , according to sports salary tracker Spotrac . And he 's collected more than $ 280 million from sponsorship deals , according to Celebrity Net Worth.com , making him one of the best-paid athletes in the world .
Bryant 's jersey is a best seller in China , and his company , Kobe Inc. , recently signed an agreement with Alibaba ( BABA , Tech30 ) , China 's biggest online marketplace , to create and sell a series of Kobe branded products .
Bryant is likely to stay busy in retirement , doing everything from broadcasting and coaching or team management said Bob Dorfman , editor of the Sports Marketers Scouting Report .
President Barack Obama has become the first sitting US president to grace the cover of an LGBT magazine .
In a photoshoot and interview for Out Magazine , Obama was named 'Ally of the Year ' for his efforts on the `` right side of justice '' in supporting same-sex marriage .
Editor-in-chief Aaron Hicklin wrote of the top entry in Out 's list of 100 :
`` A president who came to office on a wave of euphoria , appeared to lose momentum halfway through ... has since rallied , helping us secure marriage equality , among other landmark initiatives that are transforming our place in America . ''
In the accompanying interview Obama said that the first openly gay person he remembered meeting was a college professor who was an inspirational figure on campus for gay and lesbian students .
`` ... Keep in mind , this was 1978 . That took a lot of courage , a lot of confidence in who you are and what you stand for . ''
The president also said that the US is committed to promoting LGBT rights abroad .
Other advocates who made the top 100 include Olympian Caitlyn Jenner , actress Raven Symone , artist Juliana Huxtable and journalist Jose Antonio Vargas .
Do you have Jessica Alba ’ s lithe legs , Kim Kardashian ’ s bottom or Justin Bieber ’ s arms ?
Now , a new website lets you find out exactly who your celebrity body double is .
Users must also choose whether they have short , regular or long torso as well as the length of their arms .
The tool then comes up with the top three celebrities across the world who best match that body type .
A 5'7 '' ( 170cm ) woman weighing around 57kg with a regular-length torso and normal-length arms is a 100 per cent match with actress Jessica Alba .
And a 5'4 '' ( 163cm ) , apple-shaped woman with a short body , regular arms , who weighs 60kg is a 69 per cent match with actress Scarlett Johansson .
Meanwhile , a 5'6 '' ( 167 cm ) man weighing 77kg with an oval body shape and short arms is 50 per cent doppelganger of singer Louis Tomlinson , apparently .
And a 6'4 '' ( 193cm ) muscular man with long arms , a long torso , who weighs 91kg is a 75 per cent match with actor Ryan Reynolds .
The developers have gathered the body data of more than 350 international celebrities , but sadly , if your body is so unique it has no famous twin , then the quiz informs you that you have no celebrity matches .
The test was created by Fitbay , a new site which allows people to create a profile and see others with their body type .
They can also buy products specifically suited to their size and shape .
A spokesperson for Fitbay said : 'Fitbay is a new site that connects you with people who have a similar body and style .
'Use the app to capture your everyday outfits , tag brands you are wearing , and get fashion inspiration that 's right for you .
'With more than 200,000 users , Fitbay can match you with thousands of people like you around the world to see what they ’ re wearing . '
Sources confirm to The Hollywood Reporter that TV 's No . 1 comedy among the all-important adults 18-49 demographic is near a deal for a two-season renewal as the show 's five stars — Jim Parsons , Johnny Galecki , Kaley Cuoco , Simon Helberg and Kunal Nayaar — are also close to signing new contracts to return .
A formal deal has not yet been closed , and CBS and producers Warner Bros. Television declined comment . At the moment , there are no talks of an end-game for the series , currently in its 10th season , for its potential 12th season to be its last .
CBS Corp. CEO Leslie Moonves confirmed to reporters Wednesday during the company 's earnings call that they 're `` very very close '' to the two-season renewal .
Insiders note that Parsons , Galecki and Cuoco would remain in the $ 1 million per episode range , with Helberg and Nayyar also being bumped up to the show 's top tier .
Co-stars Melissa Rauch and Mayim Bialik previously negotiated together and secured raises . Both are expected to get a huge bump this cycle as their characters have become key members of the show 's ensemble .
Should the two-season renewal come through , it would be the latest multi-season pickup for the comedy created by Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady and overseen by showrunner Steve Molaro . Big Bang Theory has scored a pair of three-season renewals .
In its 10th season , Big Bang Theory remains a key property for CBS and WBTV .
CBS also is teaming with Lorre and Molaro as well as Parsons for prequel Sheldon , about a young Sheldon Cooper .
The project remains in development as the script continues to be reworked and fine-tuned .
The way people walk can provide clues about their personality , claims a new study .
Using motion capture technology , researchers found that movements reveal certain personality traits , such as aggression , agreeableness and extroversion .
The technology is widely used in film to capture the movements of an actor , which are then translated to an animated character on screen .
The study , carried out by researchers at the University of Portsmouth , found that the exaggerated movement of both the upper and lower body indicated aggression .
Lead researcher Liam Satchell said : 'When walking , the body naturally rotates a little ; as an individual steps forward with their left foot , the left side of the pelvis will move forward with the leg , the left shoulder will move back and the right shoulder forward to maintain balance .
'An aggressive walk is one where this rotation is exaggerated . '
The study also found that personality traits that help with social skills - such as agreeableness and extroversion - were particularly evident in people with increased pelvis movement alone , or 'hip sway ' .
The researchers were surprised to find evidence of personality traits not typically related to social skills in the form of 'openness to experience ' or creativity and conscientiousness .
'Less overall movement in a walk ( so little swagger and little sway in a walk ) could predict how creative someone is and how well organized they are , ' MrSatchell told MailOnline .
The study assessed the personalities of 29 participants using a standard personality test called the 'big five ' .
This enabled them to identify personality traits including openness , conscientiousness , extroversion , agreeableness and neuroticism .
Participants were also asked to complete a questionnaire that measured their levels of aggression .
Motion capture technology was then used to record how they walked on a treadmill at their natural speed .
The researchers analyzed thorax - the area between the neck and the abdomen - and pelvis movements , as well as speed of gait .
While people may be aware that there is a relationship between swagger and psychology , this is the first research to provide empirical evidence that links aggression with the way people walk , say the researchers .
'We know of no other examples of research where gait has been shown to correlate with self-reported measures of personality and suggest that more research should be conducted between automatic movement and personality , ' said Mr Satchell .
It is hoped that being able to identify a possible relationship between a person 's walk and their intention to engage in aggression could be used as a crime prevention strategy .
'If CCTV observers could be trained to recognize the aggressive walk demonstrated in this research , their ability to recognize impending crimes could be improved further , ' said Mr Satchell .
The researchers are keen to carry out additional studies and have called more members of the public to get involved .
The study is published in the Journal of Nonverbal Behaviour .
Jack Ma : The next three decades belong to people who can `` make good use of the internet technology '' .
Jack Ma , chairman of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd , said in his speech at the opening ceremony of the third World Internet Conference ( WIC ) Wednesday that in the future , data will be the means of production and computing is productivity .
`` The next three decades are the most critical years that should be seized by people . As new technologies will be integrated into every aspect of traditional industries , wherever you are , and whoever you are , every one of us will be a part of this great change , '' Ma said .
He said the next three decades will not only be dominated by internet companies , but also by enterprises , countries and young people that can `` make good use of the internet technology . ''
`` Only by making internet technology and resources available to everyone , we can make benefit significantly to human welfare . ''
School start times should be put back to as late as 11am to combat a sleep-deprivation crisis among young people , a scientist has suggested .
Paul Kelley , of the Sleep and Circadian Neuroscience Institute at the University of Oxford , said young people in Britain were losing on average 10 hours ’ sleep a week , making them more sleep-deprived than a junior doctor on a 24-hour shift .
Speaking at the British Science Festival in Bradford on Tuesday , Prof Kelley called for an end to early starts at schools , colleges and university to “ improve the lives of a generation ” .
He said children aged eight to 10 should start school at 8.30am or later , 16-year-olds should start at 10am and 18-year-olds at 11am .
Kelley has been working with fellow Oxford neuroscientist Russell Foster and Steven Lockley of Harvard Medical School to push for a sea-change in the approach to sleep for children .
They have been working with the Education Endowment Foundation and the Wellcome Trust on the Teensleep project , which Kelley said was the largest study of its kind and which is aims to recruit 100 schools to trial different start times .
The recommendations arise from a deeper understanding of circadian rhythms – our internal body clock , which determines optimum levels of concentration , wakefulness and work ability .
“ At the age of 10 you get up and go to school and it fits in with our nine-to-five lifestyle , ” Kelley said . “ When you are about 55 you also settle into the same pattern . But in between it changes a huge amount and , depending on your age , you really need to be starting around three hours later , which is entirely natural . ”
Ignoring our natural circadian rhythms could lead to exhaustion , frustration , anxiety , weight gain and hyper-tension , he said , and could make a person more prone to stimulant or alcohol use and risk-taking .
“ This is a huge issue for society , ” Kelley said . “ We are generally a sleep-deprived society but the 14-24 age group is more sleep-deprived than any other sector of society . This causes serious threats to health , mood performance and mental health . ”
If schools across the UK adopted the new start times , he said , GCSE attainment would rise by about 10 % .
The problem goes beyond merely feeling tired , Kelley said . If a child gets less than six hours sleep a night , over the course of a week this can lead to more than 700 changes in the way their genes behave .
Similar changes are not seen in children who get eight-and-a-half hours sleep a night . He said illnesses as serious as schizophrenia often developed at an age associated with the beginnings of sleep deprivation problems .
Kelley said every governing body of every school in the UK had the power to alter start times if they wish . He conceded that later school starts might be problematic for working parents , but added : “ The interesting thing is that parents usually support this . All the studies show that later start times improve family life , travel times are shorter , it ’ s safer for children to travel to school . ”
Guy Meadows , a sleep physiologist at the Sleep School in London , agreed there was a problem that needed tackling . He said : “ British children are among the most sleep-deprived in the world . There was a recent study which looked at 900,000 children globally . The US was top and Britain came sixth . Sleep is vitally important for children , and it ’ s when they develop mentally , physically and emotionally . ”
He said families had a key role to play in ensuring children get enough sleep . In school sessions aimed at teaching children how to improve their sleep , Meadows said , 96 % of participants said they used a phone or mobile device in the last 30 minutes before sleep .
“ We ’ re finding that children have phones or tablet from the age of about 10 or 11 . These devices emit light which mimics the light from the sun and they essentially trick our brains into thinking we should be active , not winding down for sleep , and that interferes with our circadian rhythms , ” he said .
The government has been urged to standardize the translation of public signs and notices , Xinhua reported on Wednesday .
CPPCC member Tang Jin , a national political adviser from central Hubei province , said as the country increasingly interacts with the international community , the problem of badly translated signs becomes of mounting importance .
She said awkward and incorrect translations are common in many areas across the country .
Tang gave examples she has seen while traveling around the country . A reception desk , or zong tai in Chinese , was wrongly translated as `` total desk '' and exit , or chu kou in Chinese , was incorrectly translated as `` export '' .
She said correct translation is a sign of a nation 's cultural capability and the problem should be taken seriously at government level .
Tang suggested that government departments offer financial and personnel support to create a standard manual of public sign translations and promote it across the country .
China has already learnt costly lessons from the casual use of English .
Beyond confusing public directories , and hilarious - or sickening - renditions of restaurant menus , the lack of accuracy in business documents has become the latest stumbling block to the sale of China 's high-speed trains , something the country is most proud of and eager to sell around the world .
Zhang Minyu , vice-general manager of overseas market with CSR Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive Co. , told China Economic Weekly late last year that the company was once `` one step away from winning a bid in north Europe in 2012 '' but finally lost the contract due to an error in translation of the construction plan .
The chaos surrounding the cancellation of Monday ’ s Manchester derby in Beijing will not deter either club from touring the Far East in future , according to United executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward and his City counterpart Ferran Soriano .
The game was called off less than five hours before kick-off due to the awful state of the pitch at the Bird ’ s Nest Stadium following overnight downpours .
It highlighted the problem of playing pre-season games during the rainy season here after United and City both experienced severe problems with the pitch on their visit to Hong Kong three years ago .
However , the huge commercial spin-offs in China make it more than worthwhile . United have an estimated 110million fans here , while City ’ s decision to sell a 13 percent stake in their parent company to a group of Chinese investors for £265m in December underlined their bold plans in the Far East .
Therefore , it was no surprise to hear both clubs insisting that they will be happy to return to the region in future despite the problems they have encountered over the past few days .
Woodward said : ‘ The recent torrential rain would have caused problems anywhere in the world and has left the pitch unplayable .
‘ We know our fans in China will , like the players and staff , be saddened by the cancellation of the match , but I am sure they appreciate that the players ’ safety has to be the top priority .
‘ I am sure we will return to the Bird ’ s Nest in the future to give them the chance to see the team in action . ’
While United flew home from China on Monday , City will carry on to Shenzhen , where they meet Borussia Dortmund on Thursday .
Soriano , City ’ s chief executive , said : ‘ We know how much everyone was looking forward to the game , but we understand that this bad weather is beyond anyone ’ s control , and that the rain has made it totally unsafe to play on this pitch .
‘ It has been a pleasure and an honour to experience such a warm welcome from the people and supporters here in Beijing , and we remain committed to playing here in the future . ’
The playing surface at the Bird ’ s Nest resembled a patchwork quilt after desperate attempts were made to ensure the first Manchester derby to be staged on foreign soil went ahead .
But the match was called off just after 7am UK time following a pitch inspection and 90 minutes of talks between delegations from clubs and organisers of the International Champions Cup .
The ICC insisted that the 50,000 fans who paid between £60 and £300 for tickets will be reimbursed , but many were upset when they learned of the decision to cancel the game after reaching the stadium .
United fan Hu Mu Lin said : ‘ I am angry because I had a ticket and now they can ’ t play the match . We drove here by car and it took six or seven hours with my father and my friend . ’
City supporter Sun Zhenbo , who had travelled 700 miles from Suihua , added : ‘ We have come to Beijing especially for this . I don ’ t know how this has happened . We can not accept it . It took us eight hours by train to get here and then we walked for two hours from Tiananmen Square to get to the stadium . ’
The bad weather also forced United ’ s team flight to divert to Tianjin on Saturday night , while Jose Mourinho ’ s pre-match press conference was initially scrapped and then moved outside because of the intense humidity .
In many countries the term local derby , or simply just derby means a sporting fixture between two teams from the same town , city or region , particularly in association football .
A soccer game between two rival teams is also sometimes referred to as a `` derby . '' A derby is the soccer equivalent of the sort of game that is called a `` crosstown rivalry '' in North American sports .
The phrase most likely originated from The Derby , a horse race in England , founded by the 12th Earl of Derby in 1780 , since at least as early as 1840 'derby ' has been used as a noun in English to denote any kind of sporting contest .
The Olympics opening ceremony of Olympics in Rio de Janeiro marks my last day as a sixteen 16-year -old . In an audience where the middle-aged dominate , I thought I ’ d offer my pennies two cents on the first Olympics opening ceremony in South America .
Draped in sparkles and bright colors , messages of peace and tolerance in society shone through at the opening ceremony . It was definitely cheesy and somewhat cliché , but the message came through to the three billion people watching it around the world .
Arguably the most colorful part of the show was set to celebrate diversity .
A crowd of furry red people showed up and started dancing on the stage . I immediately screamed , “ Elmo is here ! ” I wasn ’ t sure what the red people were supposed to represent . Maybe they ’ re flowers as part of the rainforest theme ?
Before long , more people dressed in different colors showed up . I joked that they must be the rest of Sesame Street . As the new colors mingled with the red , I realized the performance means meant more than funny pom-poms .
The narrator explained that this performance was to celebrate diversity . This message made me happy beyond its resemblance to a puppet show . Like many other members of the youth generation , past and present , I care about social justice . This might have been a strange approach to promoting diversity , but it ’ s a step in the right direction . The fact that Brazil included a clear message for greater diversity in a time of political turmoil around the world gives me a bit more hope for my generation ’ s future .
After all , the Olympics are a place where people from countless different backgrounds gather to learn from each other and gain experiences , right ? In the heat of the competition , it ’ s easy to forget just how much diversity the Olympic Games promote .
This year ’ s message is extra powerful with the creation of a new team—the refugee team . It ’ s ten 10 athletes come from South Sudan , Syria , the Democratic Republic of Congo , and Ethiopia . I ’ ve got to say that , witnessing their entry intoseeing them enter the arena made an issue that seemsed so distance for so many feel actually real , especially for millennials . I ’ ve been learning about the refugee crisis in my classrooms and conducting research for projects . But seeing the ten 10 athletes walk in under the Olympic flag and hearing everyone around me cheer for the team reminded me that this issue is real , it is happening , and people are affected by it .
Beyond social issues , the opening ceremony also zoomed focused in on environmentalism , granted thatas nature was a major theme . The giant screens announced facts about global warming and pollution . Before the athletes walked in , the narrator said each athlete will be planting a physical seed in Rio to create a forest . This was extremely cheesy , but hey , as long as it benefits the air we breathe , right ?
But environmentalism and air pollution was only a distant memory by the end of the opening ceremony . The show closed with a full three-minute fireworks show . The booms , swooshes , and sparks left behind dense grey smoke , hovering above the arena . I hate to be a killjoy after the pretty fireworks , but what happened to the whole environment thing ?
I hope the peace and tolerance messages from this opening ceremony last longer .
When out of the blue the word lanshouxianggu began trending on Chinese social-networking sites , many internet users were left scratching their heads .
Lanshouxianggu literally means blue thin chestnut mushroom but it made no sense to users . In case you are wondering what the whole fuss is about , a company in Shenzhen registered its name as blue thin chestnut mushroom , or lanshouxianggu , on Oct 13 .
Just to make it more confusing , the company 's main business includes equipment manufacturing , trade and engineering .
It 's not the first time that internet memes have been registered as trademarks .
On Aug 8 , Chinese female swimmer Fu Yuanhui said `` I 've been using honghuangzhili '' indicating she had used up all her strength , the word went viral . Honghuangzhili , which means pre-historical force , was registered as trademark two days later .
On Aug 29 , Wang Jianlin , China 's property tycoon , said `` You have to set a small goal like making 100 million first '' in a TV show which the internet on fire . Zhuantayigeyi , or making 100 million , was registered as a trademark a week later .
The reference to lanshouxianggu comes from a video clip that went viral where a young man in Nanning , Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region , complains to his girlfriend with in Mandarin but with his strong local accent .
In the video , he cries out lanshouxianggu repeatedly in local accent , which in fact means upset ( lanshou ) and wan na cry ( xianggu ) .
His accent and lyrical tone gave the video a vibe of humor and swept social media immediately . People photoshopped his sad face on a blue small mushroom image .
Some websites with more scientific bent of mind , such as guokr.com , China 's premiere popular science website , did discover the fact that blue mushrooms do exist in the nature and were not merely magic of photoshop .
Meet Entoloma hochstetteri , or sky blue mushroom , a kind of blue fungus whose stem 's diameter is just 5 millimeter . It was first discovered in New Zealand .
The country even selected the image of the blue mushroom on its banknote with face value of NZ $ 50 to show the nature diversity in the country . In 2002 , New Zealand post even released a commemorative stamp .
And for foodies who want to eat it : no , it is not edible and most species of this kind are poisonous .
Are you lanshouxianggu now ?
If you have n't seen it on the menu yet , chances are you soon will .
Alpaca meat is rising in popularity , with the Gold Coast Bulletin reporting about 70 restaurants across Australia feature the meat in their dishes .
Among them is Melbourne restaurant Pastuso , whose head chef appeared in a video by the Australian Alpaca Association to discuss how diners have embraced the cuisine .
Alejandro Saravia , who is a Peruvian chef at Pastuso , has cooked with alpaca meat for four years and described the taste as similar to beef or lamb .
'Alpaca has been very well embraced from the Australian public , ' he said in the video .
'Flavour wise it 's very easy to understand , between beef and lamb , so it 's not so challenging , and also it 's very healthy meat .
'The future of breeding alpaca for human consumption will be just going better and better . '
The restaurant features dishes such as Tartare De Alpaca : 30 day dry aged alpaca loin tartare with black garlic and Peruvian caper berries .
Renowned chef Matt Moran , who owns some of Sydney 's leading restaurants , previously wrote an article for The Daily Telegraph to discuss his experience cooking alpaca meat .
Moran said he had never tried the meat until he visited an alpaca farm , and described the flavour as 'very tasty ' , especially the meat from the neck .
Alpaca has also starred in dishes at the Melbourne Food and Wine Festival , with the The Age reporting in 2013 about 20 Australian restaurants served the meat , a number which has grown considerably since .
Melbourne restaurant San Telmo head chef Mike Patrick trailled an alpaca dish , and said the response from foodies was mixed .
'It was 50/50 , some people were `` oh wow - what are you cooking that for ? No thank you '' and others thought `` this is really cool and something different and I want to give it a shot '' , ' he said .
'The people who tried it loved it . It 's a point of difference and people like that . '
In Australian alpacas are primarily farmed for their fleece , but the Australian Alpaca Association website said farming alpacas for meat is a growing industry .
Alpaca meat is a good source of protein with little saturated fat and cholesterol , it is also environmentally sustainable to produce .
Alpacas are able to withstand dry conditions for longer than most livestock , and their soft feet cause minimal damage to the soil and ecosystem .
The Gold Coast Bulletin reported alpaca fillets are valued at $ 65 a kilogram , and the industry was on it 's way to becoming commercialised with some farmers having up to 3,000 alpacas .
The mini bag
Mini City Bag with Handle Detai , Zara
A trend that 's been going strong for a few seasons now , the mini bag is n't going anywhere . While a teeny-tiny bag might seem like a tough sell considering the reputation us ladies have hoarding , take away the mountain of receipts , hair grips and loose change and they 're the perfect fit for all your everyday essentials .
Investing in a smaller bag also gives you the chance to buy into the designer world with smaller and much cheaper versions of popular styles but you can just easily pick up this trend on the high street too .
Basket bags
Marrakech Straw Basket Bag , Free People
Making their mark back in the 70s thanks to Jane Birkin , basket bags are back in a big way this summer . While straw might seem like an intrinsically non-luxurious material to wear , when it comes to this trend it works to create a distinct French girl at the market vibe that 's exceptionally stylish and versatile .
Whether you opt for a hand-held basket , a cross-body style or an oversized tote , this style is a failsafe option that will look just as good on a seaside holiday as it will a boozy summer brunch .
Fringe and tassels
Holi Festival Fringe Cross Body Bag , Topshop
An enduring style , fringe and tassel trimmed bags regularly return to the fashion fold and this summer is no exception . No longer the reserve of your nana 's floral curtains , this Western-inspired trend promises to elevate your look in an instant .
Seen on the runways of Elie Saab , Giorgio Armani and Altuzzara , this season 's versions come compact and bristling with seventies flair . For an everyday look , invest in a fringed saddle bag that drapes across your body .
Bumbags
GG Marmont Matelasse Leather Belt Bag , Net-a-Porter
We 've had chokers , bucket hats and even jelly shoes but the latest , and most unexpected , 90s trend to infiltrate the fashion pack is the bumbag . Breaking away from the polyester fanny packs of the time , this season 's versions are super-sleek with leather belt bags and utilitarian canvas packs strapped to the hips .
For a contemporary take on this retro trend wear yours over the top of a romantic floral dress .
Metallics
Shoulder Bag , H & amp ; M
Finding a bag that will go with pretty much anything in your wardrobe can seem like a tall task but thanks to designer 's penchant for all things 80s , metallics are back . Once considered a dangerous choice , shades of gunmetal , silver and gold have quickly become a staple of modern girl garb .
Whichever shade you go for , this is a trend that promises to give you instant style points . Ca n't stay away from your go-to pair of jeans and a t-shirt ? Then the addition of a shiny bag could be just what you 're looking for .
As the old song has it , breaking up is hard to do .
Not only is there the emotional angst , but in many cases one partner has to pack up and move out .
How much easier would it be if you could just break up your home into two separate units , and move them away from each other ?
This is just one of the possibilities offered by `` micro housing , '' an architectural concept that is gaining momentum around the world .
`` Urban density and housing cost are both rising rapidly , '' says Jinhee Park , principal architect at the Single Speed Design ( SsD ) design firm .
`` The idea is to take a small area and make it into a comfortable living environment that can be adapted according to changing needs . ''
Park has recently put this into practice in Seoul , South Korea , where a complex of 14 units can be combined and rearranged to match changes in lifestyle .
Residents can either claim a single space or recombine the blocks for larger configurations to suit couples , families or groups of friends .
`` It means that people will live there for longer , and in a more environmentally-friendly way , '' says Park , `` since they are n't forced to move out when their circumstances change . ''
At the heart of the concept is the notion that you do n't need as much personal space as you think .
The private units are small , but they are complemented by various shared living areas , semi-public balconies , an exhibition space and a cafe .
All of this releases the pressure on the private units , making for a surprising degree of comfort in a confined space .
`` I believe that you do n't need lots of space to create spaciousness , '' says Park . `` We designed the units to feel big even though they are small .
`` The windows match up so that you always have a view of the outside world , and deep skylights allow lots of natural light whatever level you live on .
`` The thickness of the housing shell is reduced as much as possible , maximizing the available space . ''
But it is the notion of expanding and adapting your living space that is the real key to success .
`` The idea is that people do n't identify their living boundaries with the walls of their personal units , '' she says .
`` They can go outside and extend their boundaries by using the intersection between public and private , as well as interior and exterior spaces . ''
The complex was built last fall , and the reaction has been positive . But , Park acknowledges , none of the residents have yet altered the configuration of the units .
`` I do n't know if any of them have broken up yet , '' she says .
`` Hopefully they have n't . But when that time comes , it will be very interesting to see what happens . ''
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have named their daughter Charlotte Elizabeth Diana , Kensington Palace has said .
The fourth in line to the throne will be known as Her Royal Highness Princess Charlotte of Cambridge .
She was born on Saturday in the Lindo Wing of London 's St Mary 's Hospital weighing 8lbs 3oz ( 3.7kg ) .
The Queen and other senior royals were told of the baby 's name before the announcement was made public .
Charlotte , the feminine form of Charles , has a long royal pedigree and became popular in the 18th Century when it was the name of George III 's queen .
The King bought Buckingham House in 1761 for his wife Queen Charlotte to use as a family home close to St James 's Palace - it became known as the Queen 's House and is now Buckingham Palace .
Charles is the name of two former kings and of the Prince of Wales , the princess 's grandfather .
Charlotte also has more recent connections for the royal couple .
On the duchess 's side , it is the middle name of her sister Pippa Middleton and on the duke 's it is the name of his cousin Charlotte Spencer , Earl Spencer 's youngest daughter .
The earl tweeted : `` Perfect names . My 2-year old Charlotte Diana will be thrilled at cousinly name-sharing . ''
According to figures from the Office for National Statistics , Charlotte is the 21st most popular girl 's name in England and Wales with 2,242 babies being given it in 2013 .
Elizabeth is 39th in the list but Diana is not in the top 100 .
A Little Mermaid statue has been coated in red paint by animal rights activists protesting brutal whale hunts in Denmark .
The 94-year-old monument , a tribute to Danish storyteller Hans Christian Andersen , was found covered in paint on Tuesday morning .
Vandals had then written 'Denmark defend the whales of the Faroe Islands ' on a footpath nearby .
Every year around 800 pilot whales are herded into coves on the Faroe Islands before being stabbed to death during a hunt known as grindadrap - or 'the grind ' .
Traditionally a bonfire was lit when a pod of whales was spotted near the islands in order to alert fishermen to ready their boats .
Today word spreads on social media before the vessels head out to drive the mammals into the shore .
Hunters armed with knives mounted on long poles then gather in a cove , where they kill the animals by severing their spinal chords and arteries .
The practice dates back at least 300 years . Locals say the whales are not under threat and the killings violate no laws .
The Faroe Islands comprises 17 inhabited islands located around 260 miles north of John O'Groats , Scotland .
In the 1940s the population voted to succeed from Denmark , but after the government failed to agree a deal the proposal was dropped in favour of laws allowing greater home rule .
Today the islands are largely self-governing , though still technically part of the Kingdom of Denmark .
Pilot whales are highly sociable and intelligent creatures , and researchers believe they are capable of grief and may even possess their own culture .
The Faroese hunts rely on the whales ' loyalty to work , as the mammals will attempt to defend each other even while being hacked to death .
Finished in 1913 , the Little Mermaid statue spent its first 50 years virtually untouched , before becoming a target for politically-minded vandals .
The bronze sculpture was first doused with paint in 1963 , with copycat vandalisms in 1972 , 2006 , and two in 2007 .
The most well-known defacing occurred in 1964 when the mermaid 's head was cut off and stolen by artists from the Situationist movement .
Police never recovered the head , and a new one had to be cast .
In 1984 the right arm was cut off from the wrist to the shoulder , before being returned two days later .
There was another failed decapitation in 1990 , before someone succeeded in removing the head again in 1998 .
Again the culprit was never caught , though this time the head was returned to a local television station and reattached .
In 2004 explosives were used to blow the mermaid off her pedestal , and she was later found floating in the harbour with holes in her knee and waist .
In Florida , one McDonald 's customer started a pay-it-forward chain that inspired other 249 customers to be generous and do the same .
ABC News reports the spirit of giving is in the air as 250 drive-thru customers at a localMcDonald 's paid for the meals of the people next to them . Lakeland customer Torie Keene was paying for her food on Wednesday morning when she decided to pay for the meal of the car next to her .
Keene then purposely told McDonald 's cashier Marisabel Figueroa to greet the other customer `` Merry Christmas '' and not `` Happy Holidays . '' The next customer was moved when Figueroa said her food was already paid by the previous car . That 's when she thought that she would love to do the same and the domino effect followed .
`` It kept going and going '' Figueroa told ABC news . `` After the 15th car I started tally marking the number of people that were participating on a piece of paper , '' she said .
Figueroa , who worked from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Wednesday , said that the chain reaction almost lasted for her entire shift . `` I just kept giving everyone the same message , and they were all so stunned and so happy , '' she continued . `` One lady even paid for the meals of the next three cars behind her . ''
While people were amazed by how generous they could get , Figueroa said she had `` never experienced something like that before '' in her 12 years of working for McDonald 's .
`` I feel very blessed to have been a part of all that , '' the cashier said .
Keene contacted Figueroa on Facebook when the pay-it-forward chain came out in the local news . She revealed that she was the `` mystery customer '' that started the long chain of kindness .
Keene added that she was surprised by the number of people who continued her good deed when she was `` only trying to brighten someone 's day . ''
A Christmas tree ornament that is a mini-replica of the now-famous red hat with Donald Trump 's campaign slogan 'Make America Great Again ' has sold out on Amazon .
The collectible , which was offered for $ 149 , proved to be a hot item , no doubt boosted by Trump 's shock election victory on November 8 , The Washington Examiner reported .
The Trump Make America Great Again Committee - the joint fundraising committee between the president-elect 's campaign and the Republican National Committee - sent an email to supporters this week offering them the chance to buy a Christmas ornament version of the famed red 'Make America Great Again ' ball cap .
The ornament is made of brass and finished in 14 karat gold , which would explain the exorbitant price tag .
'President-elect Trump loves Christmas and makes a point of proudly saying `` Merry Christmas '' every chance he gets , ' the promotional email said .
'This collectible ornament commemorates Trump 's commitment to the Christmas spirit and will be a great addition to your family tree this year , ' the note to supporters continued .
The ornament 's price point is a departure from most of the other merchandise the committee is selling .
For example , most t-shirts are $ 20 and then hoodies are $ 50 , with a men 's pullover going for $ 55 .
Men can get a # BigLeague tank top for just $ 18 .
The committee sells large foam 'thumbs up ' emblazoned with the Trump-Pence and 'Make America Great Again ' logos for $ 25 .
And the original 'Make America Great Again ' hats are still for sale at $ 25 a pop .
The 'Make America Great Again ' hats will likely become an iconic symbol for the unlikely win of the Trump campaign .
In a new Forbes profile of Jared Kushner , Trump 's son-in-law , the young businessman used hat sales to see if his data operation was working .
'I called somebody who works for one of the technology companies that I work with and I had them give me a tutorial on how to use Facebook micro-targeting , ' Kushner told the business magazine .
Kushner was able to use the medium to go from selling $ 8,000 worth of hats and other merchandise a day to $ 80,000 , as a way to fuel the winning campaign .
While Ted Cruz was booed off the stage at the Republican National Convention and Melania Trump continued to ward off accusations of plagiarism , the US first lady , Michelle Obama , injected some much-needed humour into US politics with the help of TV host James Corden .
Obama rocked out to Stevie Wonder ’ s Signed , Sealed , Delivered as well as Beyonce ’ s girl-power anthem Single Ladies for a special episode of Corden ’ s sketch Carpool Karaoke .
During a tour of the White House , the pair were also joined by the rapper Missy Elliott for a rendition of This is For My Girls and later Elliott ’ s hit Get Ur Freak On .
In between songs Obama highlighted her Let Girls Learn initiative , which aims to promote education for girls around the world . “ We ’ re doing a really important trip to Liberia , Morocco and Spain , ” she said . “ Right now there ’ s 62 million girls worldwide that aren ’ t in school for a variety of different reasons . So much could be corrected in the world if girls were educated and had power over their lives .
“ My message to kids here is don ’ t take your education for granted , because there are girls around the world who would die to get the education we have , they would do anything , they would move mountains to make it happen . ”
The first lady also revealed that this was only the second time in seven and a half years that she had been in the passenger seat of a car listening to music . The last time was some months ago “ with my daughter , who learned to drive , and we rocked out with her … so this is a treat ” .
Asked what she would miss the most about the White House , Obama responded : “ The people ; these are people you see every single day , they help you , they love you , that ’ s going to be hard . ”
Carpool Karaoke , a regular segment in Corden ’ s Late Show , sees celebrities join him for light-hearted conversations and singalongs . Previous guests have included Adele , Justin Bieber , One Direction , Elton John and the Red Hot Chilli Peppers .
With divorce rates steadily increasing , some newlyweds are drawing up prenuptial agreements before tying the knot .
But one firm has set out to help divorcees avoid a real estate battle with a new design that easily splits the home in two - and lets them sail away from each other .
Called Prenuptial Housing , this floating house consists of two independent structures that separate if the couple should split up , resulting in two equal units that can float away from each other .
'The units are initially ( pre ) fabricated as independent carbon fiber units for which we designed a simple solid connecting system ; detaching this system means unlocking the connection and requires no unique tools , ' Xander den Duijn with Studio OBA , the design firm behind Prenuptial Housing , told DailyMail.com in an email .
'The units should ( dis ) connect without much effort . Though this is part of the design that is still under development . '
The idea for the 'break up ' home was conceived by Omar Kbiri , co-founder of Maak , who had the revelation while looking for a new home with his girlfriend .
'With the increasing number of divorces each year , our concept is – regrettably – becoming more and more relevant , ' said Kbiri , who is also a self-proclaimed PR and pop culture expert .
'With this concept you namely do n't need to relocate after a break-up . '
The duo currently has their eyes set on countries in the EU that have the highest divorce rate , which include Portugal ( 68 percent ) , Belgium ( 71 percent ) and Hungary ( 67 percent ) .
The blueprints of this floating home describe the home as consisting of two independent prefabricated structures , which appear to be fused as one , that are easily split in two once the couple decides to pull the plug .
'When couples feel they are drifting apart , the house initiates a 'break up ' , by detaching the two unites which then go solo on the water , ' reads Studio OBA 's website regarding Prenuptial Housing .
Kbiri is currently in discussions with several investors regarding funding for the design .
And Studio OBA hopes to build the prototype in the near future and open orders by early 2017 .
The costs of the house completely depends . The house as it is on the images is still a concept . This means that the way the house eventually is going to look depends on the wishes/requirements of the client .
Disney has provided an insight into the future of its theme parks , where robotic versions of its iconic characters could soon walk among guests .
The entertainment firm discussed plans to embrace brand new technologies at SXSW 2017 , where it also showed off footage of a robot Pascal , the lizard from Tangled .
As if the thought of an enormous , roaming robot Mickey Mouse wasn ’ t disconcerting enough , Disney also confirmed that artificial intelligence will allow its robots to interact with people .
“ I think AI and machine learning is going to be very important for what we do , ” Jon Snoddy , Disney ’ s senior vice president for research and development , told the BBC .
“ Things like characters that can move around among our guests . They ’ re going to need to understand where they ’ re going , have goals , and they ’ re going to have to know how to navigate in a world with humans . ”
However , the company is also aware of some of the fear surrounding AI , and Mr Snoddy added that Disney will carry out tests to ensure its creations make a positive impression on fans .
“ Obviously we ’ re not the business of scaring kids ! ” he continued . “ That won ’ t be part of what we deploy . We go and do tests in our parks to gauge the reaction and try and understand what kids find entertaining about these things . ”
“ We ’ re not going to put up a sign that says 'Look ! Artificial intelligence ' , because no-one would come to see that . They really come to be moved emotionally , that will not change . ”
A recent report found a number of security vulnerabilities in existing robots , and warned that criminals could exploit the flaws to gain control of them in homes and workplaces .
“ Hacked robots could start fires in a kitchen by tampering with electricity , or potentially poison family members and pets by mixing toxic substances in with food or drinks , ” it read .
“ Family members and pets could be in further peril if a hacked robot was able to grab and manipulate sharp objects . ”
Hillary Clinton brought years of speculation to an end last night by officially announcing she is running to become the first woman president of the United States .
Her second bid for the White House comes seven years after she was defeated by an upstart Barack Obama and forced to admit she was unable to `` crack the highest , hardest glass ceiling '' for women in US politics .
Mrs Clinton has been known to the American people for decades as a First Lady who stood by her husband during the Monica Lewinsky scandal , a senator from New York and a globe-trotting US secretary of state .
But the 67-year-old , who recently became a grandmother , hopes to re-introduce herself to voters as a gentler and more human candidate who is taking nothing for granted .
She launched the campaign with a short online video where she promised to be a `` champion for everyday Americans '' , who would represent the country 's traditional heartland as well as a rapidly changing country that includes gay people and ethnic minorities .
`` I 'm hitting the road to earn your vote , because it 's your time and I hope you will join me on this journey , '' she said .
Her campaign , which will be officially known as Hillary for America , said it would be `` humble '' in its effort to make her the most powerful person in the world .
Mrs Clinton 's second quest for the White House is likely to begin with small-scale events in Iowa , the rural state where Mr Obama 's insurgent first defeated her in 2008 .
The candidate is expected to hold intimate events in coffee shops and community centres rather than mega-rallies in front of thousands of supporters .
Unlike the 2008 campaign , when Mr Obama was already a household name backed by an army of young supporters , Mrs Clinton faces no high-profile opponents in the race to become the Democratic nominee for president .
Mrs Clinton holds an overwhelming lead in the polls and in fundraising and several potential rivals in her own party have opted to stay on the sidelines rather than challenge her path to the White House .
Her real test is likely to come in next November 's general election , where she will face the winner of a crowded Republican field of candidates that includes Jeb Bush , the brother of George W Bush .
Bill Clinton defeated Mr Bush 's father , George HW Bush , in 1992 and the 2016 election could see another face off between the two American political dynasties .
Mr Clinton will be supported on the campaign trail by her husband , who remains one of the most popular figures in US public life but is expected to play `` a backstage advisor '' role for the first year of the campaign .
She will also be joined by her daughter Chelsea , who recently gave birth to her first child , Charlotte . Mrs Clinton has often mentioned her concern for Charlotte and the infant 's generation as one of her motivations for running for president .
Cat lovers of the world , rejoice ! You finally have the chance to understand what your pet is saying thanks to a smart collar that can interpret feline meows and translate it into human speech . Aptly named `` Catterbox '' , the collar supposedly has a digital sensor that detects meows , and uses a special program to decipher the meaning behind them .
Developed by London ad agency adam & amp ; eveDDB , for Temptations cat treats , the invention comes preloaded with a dictionary of cat purrs , meows , and several other sounds to make the interpretation as accurate as possible . `` We 're fascinated by cats , so we set out on a mission to get to know them better , '' said Pete Simmons , global brand director of Temptations .
The promo video for the device claims that Catterbox , the world 's first talking cat collar , is designed to finally help humans understand the meaning of meows . `` Cats are often perceived as quite hard to get to know , independent pets , so we set up The Temptations Lab to find innovative ways to inject even more fun into a cat and owner 's relationship , '' said Richard Brim , executive creative director of adam & amp ; eveDDB .
`` Studies show they only meow in order to communicate with humans , '' the video adds . `` So we set out on a mission to get to know them better . By analysing different cat noises , we 've designed a digital sensor that detects a cat 's meow and uses a unique program to turn it into a human voice . ''
So by using the collar , owners can speak to their cats and expect a meaningful response – well , about as meaningful as a cat ’ s meows can get . The sassy responses are delivered in a British accent , in a voice of the owner 's choice , selected through a smartphone app paired with the collar . A few sample responses are demonstrated on the company 's YouTube channel – they are quite hilarious , but obviously not very convincing .
In all probability , Catterbox is just a tongue-in-cheek albeit very clever marketing gimmick . If you really want to learn the meaning of cat meows , you 're better off keeping an eye on `` Meowsic '' ( short for `` Melody in Human-Cat Communication '' ) , a Swedish study carried out over the next five years .
The Kayabukiya Tavern looks like any other traditional-style Japanese 'sake-house ' restaurant .
However , once you walk into the modest premises in Utsunomiya , Tochigi prefecture it quickly becomes apparent that human waiters have been replaced by Macaque monkeys .
Seventeen-year-old Fuku-chan was ushered into the role after she delivered a napkin to a table unprompted , mimicking Yat-chan , the original Macaque waiter .
Restaurant owner , Kaoru Otsuka , then decided to pair her with Yat-chan .
People come from all four corners of the world to be served by the simian and now video footage has caught her in action , showing a typical day at work .
Viewers can see Fuku-chan , dressed in a chequered waiter 's shirt and skirt , bringing guests a beer and fetching napkins for diners .
But the veteran waitress is prone to mistakes , she was captured spilling a bowl full of peas as she runs to a table .
If Fuku-chan and her younger companions do a good job patrons of the restaurant are encouraged to leave a tip of soya beans while their owner feeds them bananas as payment .
Otsuka , who sort the monkeys after seeing them in their natural habitat of the Nikkō mountains , said : 'They are closer than my family . I hold them all day and sleep with them . Once I started taking care of them I could n't let go .
'They are just way too cute . '
Monkeys have been working at the bar for some 29 years , reports 28 Lab .
When the 2011 Iranian film A Separation swept across the international cinema land scape winning a string of major kudos , it also swept many Chinese cinephiles off their feet .
Here is a movie that cost a mere $ 300,000 and tells a simple tale of two families , an antithesis to the glamour of screen portrayals , but it sheds light on a country with its education , religion , class , gender roles , among others .
Best of all , it is a gentle probe into the core of humanity , making it accessible to those with no knowledge to the country where the movie was made , or even to those hostile to it .
While many are ignorant about the country per se , they are fascinated by what Iranian filmmakers have to offer – something that is the opposite of Hollywood blockbusters .
Iranian films are often about families and friends , daily routines that do not lend readily to screen dramatization .
Yet many of these works are engrossing because they show the microscopic nuances of human dynamics within these limited ranges .
Abbas Kiarostami is an Iranian film master who is held in very high regard in China . Scholarly pieces and volumes have been devoted to the analysis and appreciation of his films , including Taste of Cherry and The Wind Will Carry Us .
It can be challenging for the uninitiated to sit through an Abbas film , which is not strong on plot , to say the least .
But those who love him have discovered a vast world of its own .
Other than films , poems and photographs of the master have also graced Chinese pages and galleries .
Iran also has movies that are not abstruse , but rather , deceptively simple and poignantly humanistic .
The 1997 family drama Children of Heaven , often translated as Small Shoes in Chinese , has warmed many Chinese hearts .
It is about a boy from a disenfranchised family who lost his little sister ’ s shoes and went through many adventures for a pair of replacement .
On the Chinese website douban for reviews , the movie has a score of 9.1 , averaged from over 100,000 viewers .
Zhang Yang , a Chinese film director , used Iranian cinema as a reference point : “ I feel that you do not need to choose an anti-social or political subject to stand out , but rather , to discover the humanity in daily routines and trivialities , the kind of small things one takes for granted , and that will elevate you to a higher artistic status . ”
A Separation
A married couple is faced with a difficult decision : to improve the life of their child by moving to another country or to stay in Iran and look after a deteriorating parent who has Alzheimer 's disease .
The Wind Will Carry us
Irreverent city engineer Behzad comes to a rural village in Iran to keep vigil over a dying relative . In the meantime , the film follows his efforts to fit in with the local community and as a result , how he changes his own attitudes .
Taste of Cherry
An middle-aged man drives his truck in search of someone who will quietly bury him under a cherry tree after he commits suicide .
Children of Heaven
After a boy loses his sister 's pair of shoes , he goes on a series of adventures to find them . When he ca n't , he tries a new way to `` win '' a new pair .
Life and Nothing More/ And Life Goes on
After the southwestern earthquake , the film director and his son travel to the devastated area to search for the actors in the movie the director made there a few years ago . In their search , they learn how people who had lost everything in the earthquake still have hope and try to rebuild their homes .
Where is the Friend 's Home
An 8-year-old boy makes every effort to return a friend 's notebook he took by mistake , lest his friend be punished by expulsion from school .
David Beckham on Saturday blasted reports that he used his children 's charity work to boost his public image and chances of getting a knighthood from Queen Elizabeth II .
A spokesman for the football icon claimed `` hacked and doctored '' private emails had given a `` deliberately inaccurate picture '' .
The former England captain , who retired in 2013 , was the subject of a `` Football Leaks '' probe by the European Investigative Collaborations network , a consortium of 12 European media organisations , including France 's Mediapart .
Citing emails between Beckham and his staff , the reports claimed he initially refused to put his own money into his humanitarian 7 Fund , tried to obtain reimbursement from the UN children 's agency UNICEF for expenses met by his sponsors and was using his humanitarian work as a springboard for his own profile .
Beckham was made an officer of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire in 2003 , two steps below a knighthood .
In one email , he allegedly took extreme objection to the singer Katherine Jenkins getting the same OBE award in 2014 , slamming the British honours committee .
He appears to rail against not receiving a knighthood , saying : `` If I was American I would have got something like this 10 years ago . ''
In another email he seemingly complained about being asked up front to match the highest bidders in a UNICEF auction , saying : `` I do n't want to do it and wo n't do it with my own money . ''
A spokesman for Beckham responded to the claims .
`` This story is based on outdated material taken out of context from hacked and doctored private emails from a third-party server and gives a deliberately inaccurate picture , '' he said .
`` David Beckham and UNICEF have had a powerful partnership in support of children for over 15 years .
`` The David Beckham 7 Fund specifically has raised millions of pounds and helped millions of vulnerable children around the world .
`` David Beckham has given significant time and energy and has made personal financial donations to the 7 Fund .
`` David and UNICEF are rightly proud of what they have and will continue to achieve together and are happy to let the facts speak for themselves . ''
UNICEF said it was `` extremely proud '' of its work with Beckham , saying he had generously given his `` time , energy and support '' and has `` given significant funds personally '' .
It said his 7 Fund had raised millions of pounds for UNICEF programmes .
Samsung has announced it will refurbish and sell some of the millions of Note 7 smartphones that were recalled for safety reasons , in an effort to manage its stockpile in an “ environmentally friendly ” manner .
The world ’ s largest smartphone maker said it would sell Note 7s as “ refurbished phones or rental phones ” after consulting regulators in various markets .
Samsung recalled an estimated four million of the phones over concerns that batteries could overheat and burst into flames .
Authorities in the US and elsewhere banned them from use on planes and even from being placed in checked luggage .
After an investigation , Samsung in January blamed faulty batteries .
The recalled phones could pose an environmental hazard if handled as waste .
A Samsung statement said that the devices would be “ recycled and processed in an environmentally friendly manner ” with any salvageable components detached for reuse and metals extracted by specialist recycling companies .
“ Regarding the Galaxy Note 7 devices as refurbished phones or rental phones , applicability is dependent upon consultations with regulatory authorities and carriers as well as due consideration of local demand , ” the statement said . “ The markets and release dates will be determined accordingly . ”
Greenpeace welcomed the move , saying it came in response to months of campaigning and protests addressing the environmental impact of the recall .
“ People around the world signed petitions , emailed Samsung ’ s CEO , demonstrated in cities around the world , and finally Samsung has listened , ” said Jude Lee of Greenpeace East Asia .
“ This is major win for everyone that took action , and a step towards shifting the way we produce and dispose of electronics . ”
But Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research said the decision “ feels like a huge misstep ” for Samsung as it readies a launch of its latest flagship handset this week .
“ While the desire to minimise the environmental impact is admirable , and Samsung would no doubt benefit financially from refurbishing the phones , it would have been better off simply doing what it originally said it would and abandoning the line entirely and merely recouping parts , ” Dawson said in a blogpost .
Greenpeace said it would press Samsung for a detailed timeline on its efforts and step up its campaign to get other manufacturers to boost recycling and improve the handling of hazardous smartphone waste .
Going for a job interview is nerve-racking at the best of times , but tech giant Google has become notorious for asking fiendishly tough questions .
The company used to ask head-scratching questions such as 'How many piano tuners are there in the world ? ' and 'How many golf balls does it take to fill a school bus ? ' .
But some of the riddles were so tough they have now been banned from the interview process .
Recruiter Impact Interview have compiled a list of 140 questions candidates have reported being asked at interviews for various roles at Google , many of which have now been dropped from the process .
One of the tough teasers that candidates used to be asked was : 'How many piano tuners are there in the entire world ? '
The riddle is known as a Fermi problem , named after the physicist Enrico Fermi who was known for his ability to make good calculations with very little information or even none .
Its purpose is to test a candidates approximation skills as well as their ability at dimensional analysis .
The puzzle is solved by multiplying a series of estimates to get to the right answer . So a candidate would have to estimate factors such as how many households have a piano , how often they are tuned to figure out how many piano tunings take place a year .
They then need to calculate the average working hours of a piano tuners and the number of jobs they carry out .
The number of piano tunings that take place per year divided by the number per year per piano tuner should yield the answer .
Google candidates going for a role as product manager also used to be asked : 'How many golf balls can fit in a school bus ?
To solve it one must calculate the volume of the average golf ball and the the volume of the average school bus , taking into account factors like the seats and other fixtures taking up space .
The answer is the volume of the bus , divided by the volume of the balls .
As well as questions involving calculation and physics , Google used to ask would-be employees to solve logic puzzles .
One of the riddles was : 'Every man in a village of 100 married couples has cheated on his wife .
'Every wife in the village instantly knows when a man other than her husband has cheated but does not know when her own husband has .
'The village has a law that does not allow for adultery . Any wife who can prove that her husband is unfaithful must kill him that very day .
'The women of the village would never disobey this law . One day , the queen of the village visits and announces that at least one husband has been unfaithful . What happens ? '
Although opinion varies as to the correct answer , a popular solution is to assume that all the cheating husbands will be executed 100 days after the queen 's announcement .
Every wife in the village instantly knows when a man other than her husband has cheated , so if there 's only one unfaithful man she will know it 's her husband and will kill him that day .
Bearing in mind that the queen has said that at least one man has cheated , there could be more than a single adulterer .
If there are two cheaters , 98 women will know who they are . The next day when the wives who have been cheated on see that nobody has been executed they will realise the only explanation is that their husbands are the culprits , and will kill them .
By that logic , 100 cheating husbands will be executed on the 100th day , as the riddle states that every man in the village has cheated on his wife .
A riddle about pirates sounds complicated but the answer is in fact quite simple .
You ’ re the captain of a pirate ship , and your crew gets to vote on how the gold is divided up .
'If fewer than half of the pirates agree with you , you die . How do you recommend apportioning the gold in such a way that you get a good share of the booty , but still survive ?
The solution is to share 51 percent of the treasure .
Another logic puzzled candidates were given to solve was : 'How many times a day do the hands of a clock overlap ? '
The hands overlap once an hour , but 11 times in 12 hours and 22 times in a day . This is because the overlap at 12 has already been accounted for .
The new 4G mobile phone services in the UK are not as super-fast as the industry promised - and could get worse .
The mobile phone companies boasted that 4G services would be ‘ five times faster ’ than the existing 3G networks when they launched in the autumn of 2012 .
However , a new official study puts the real figure at an average of 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second compared to 5.9Mbit/s per second on the 3G service that most people use .
At the same time , the evidence suggests that 4G services are likely to slow down as more people connect to them .
4G technology is being promoted by the big mobile networks on the basis it offers high speed internet access and smooth video streaming without annoying buffering .
More than 10 million people have been won over by the promises and have signed two year contracts costing an average of £20 ( $ 30 ) a month .
When 4G services launched at the end of 2012 , the average download speed was up at around 19 Mbit/s , however the new research suggests an average of 14.7 and other studies put it as low as 10 .
This has happened because more people are using the service , effectively causing jams on the airwaves . The only way this can be countered is if the networks spend millions upgrading masts and installing new ones .
Marathons can be bad for your health , scientists have warned after a study found 80 percent of competitors suffer kidney injury because of dehydration .
Researchers said that although the kidneys of the participants in the 26.2 mile race fully recovered within two days , their findings raise questions concerning the potential long-term impact at a time when marathons are increasing in popularity .
The findings were published by the American Journal of Kidney Diseases , as thousands of people prepare for next month 's London Marathon .
Previous research has shown that engaging in unusually vigorous activities - such as military training - in warm climates can damage the kidneys , but little is known about the effects of marathon running .
A team of researchers led by Professor Chirag Parikh , of Yale University in the US , studied a small group of participants in the 2015 Hartford Marathon .
They collected blood and urine samples before and after the event . They analysed a variety of markers of kidney injury , including serum creatinine levels , kidney cells on microscopy , and proteins in urine .
The researchers found that 82 percent of the runners that were studied showed Stage 1 Acute Kidney Injury ( AKI ) soon after the race . AKI is a condition in which the kidneys fail to filter waste from the blood .
Prof Parikh said : `` The kidney responds to the physical stress of marathon running as if it 's injured , in a way that 's similar to what happens in hospitalised patients when the kidney is affected by medical and surgical complications . ''
The researchers stated that potential causes of the marathon-related kidney damage could be the sustained rise in core body temperature , dehydration , or decreased blood flow to the kidneys that occur during a marathon .
While the measured kidney injury resolved within two days of running the marathon , the researchers said the study still raises questions about the effects of repeated strenuous activity over time , especially in warm climates .
Prof Parikh added : `` We need to investigate this further . `` Research has shown there are also changes in heart function associated with marathon running .
`` Our study adds to the story - even the kidney responds to marathon-related stress . ''
Runners in a marathon were left with a bad taste in their mouths when they mistook free bars of soap for energy bars in an incident that 's been put down to the language barrier .
Some 20,000 runners at the Qingyuan marathon in south China 's Guangdong province received a gift pack shortly after they crossed the finishing line , the People 's Daily newspaper reports . Hoping to bite into what they thought was an energy bar , athletes instead got a mouthful of what turned out to be fruit-perfumed moisturising soap . Witnesses report many bars of soap , all with one bite missing , dumped at the roadside , and the problem appears to come from the fact that the soap packaging was written in English , which many runners did not understand , the paper 's Chinese-language report noted .
The organisers of the race were quick to apologise . `` The packs of soap were indeed like food packaging . It is a negligent mistake on our part , '' an official told Yangtse Evening Post . There was also some concern over the level of injuries at the event , with 12,200 runners needing medical treatment or assistance during and after the race . It 's not clear how many were the result of the soap incident .
Chinese social media users piled in to mock those who had taken a bite out of their `` energy bars '' . One Weibo user urged the organisers to contact the Guinness Book of Records : `` More than 10,000 people together eat soap . China is a land full of wonders '' . Another asked : `` Why give them a bar of soap , to take a shower at the halfway point ? '' However , some made the point that the language barrier should n't have been a problem . `` Your life is n't good if your English is n't good '' , one Weibo user said philosophically .
The FBI has determined that a new batch of emails linked to Hillary Clinton 's private email server `` have not changed our conclusion '' that she committed no criminal wrongdoing , FBI director James Comey told congressional leaders in a letter on Sunday .
As campaigning continued ahead of Tuesday 's presidential election , a Clinton spokeswoman said the candidate was `` glad this matter is resolved '' .
The Democratic nominee 's opponent , Donald Trump , reacted with anger at the news , and cast doubt on whether the FBI had even carried out its work . `` You ca n't review 650,000 emails in eight days , '' Donald Trump told a campaign rally in Sterling Heights , Michigan on Sunday evening .
On 28 October , only 11 days before the presidential election , Comey sent congressional leaders a letter informing them that agents had discovered emails `` that appear pertinent '' to a prior investigation , into Clinton 's use of a private server while she was secretary of state . It was later reported that as many as 650,000 such emails were in question .
The new emails were discovered on a laptop belonging to Anthony Weiner , a disgraced former congressman who is the estranged husband of HumaAbedin , a close aide to Clinton . Weiner is under investigation for allegedly exchanging sexually explicit messages with a minor .
Comey 's first letter surprised both campaigns and cast the FBI into the middle of a bitter and volatile race . Senior Democrats accused Comey of political meddling , Clinton said she found the letter `` deeply troubling '' and Trump gleefully predicted the emails would reveal a corruption scandal `` bigger than Watergate '' .
The move , so close to an election , proved tremendously controversial . In July , Comey had announced that Clinton and her aides were `` extremely careless '' but that `` no reasonable prosecutor '' would bring a case against them .
`` Since my letter , the FBI investigative team has been working around the clock to process and review a large volume of emails from a device obtained in connection with an unrelated criminal investigation , '' Comey wrote to Congress on Sunday .
`` During that process , we reviewed all of the communications that were to or from Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state . ''
`` Based on our review , we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Secretary Clinton , '' he concluded . `` I am grateful to the professionals at the FBI for doing an extraordinary amount of high-quality work in a short period of time . ''
Republican House speaker Paul Ryan insisted that the new conclusion should not change any opinions about Clinton . `` Regardless of this decision , the undisputed finding of the FBI 's investigation is that Secretary Clinton put our nation 's secrets at risk and in doing so compromised our national security , '' he said in a statement . `` She simply believes she 's above the law and always plays by her own rules . ''
Trump said Comey 's decision is proof that things in Washington are `` rigged '' in Clinton 's favor .
`` Right now , she is being protected by a rigged system . It 's a totally rigged system , '' Trump told supporters in Michigan . `` You ca n't review 650,000 new emails in eight days . You ca n't do it , folks . ''
`` Hillary Clinton is guilty . She knows it , the FBI knows it , the people know it , '' he said . `` And now it is up to the American people to deliver justice at the ballot box on November 8 . ''
A New York hotel starting at $ 22 per night ?
In a city where a chain hotel room can cost hundreds of dollars per night , that sounds like an old-fashioned New York scam .
That 's because the $ 22 buys you a night in a van , parked in strategic spots across the city .
`` Jonathan '' is using the home rentals company Airbnb to rent out his fleet of more than 50 vehicles -- there 's even a sleeper taxi -- to adventurous travelers , according to the New York Daily News .
Toilet and shower facilities are not included -- how could they be ? But Jonathan tries to park his vehicles near public facilities and includes options at nearby gyms and other venues .
`` This is a unique experience -- sort of like being off the grid yet just blocks from a subway stop that will take you to Times Square in 10 minutes ! '' one reviewer wrote . `` The view is spectacular and Jonathan does his best to make your stay as comfortable and smooth as possible . ''
A note of caution from the reviewer : `` Probably not for everyone since you are essentially without electricity or direct running water ( public restrooms nearby and host lets you use his apartment to shower ) but for the price and location you ca n't beat it . ''
Rent-my-car-as-a-room deals for adventurous travelers may be the latest response to New York state 's limits on Airbnb rentals .
New Yorkstate residents wanting to rent their homes via Airbnb face a tough fight . State law generally prohibits residents from renting out their homes ( though not their cars ) for less than 30 days , except in certain narrow circumstances .
The state attorney general reported last year that most Airbnb listings in New York City violate that law and remove affordable housing from the market , according to CBS New York , because many building owners can make more money renting apartments to visitors rather than full-time residents .
China 's first domestically produced single-aisle passenger jet , the C919 , is expected to take to the sky for its maiden flight on Friday , as the country endeavors to meet soaring domestic travel demand and break the global market duopoly of Boeing Co and Airbus Group SE .
The debut flight is set to take place at Shanghai Pudong International Airport , subject to weather conditions , the C919 's Shanghai-based manufacturer , Commercial Aircraft Corp of China , said on Wednesday .
Soon after it was established in 2008 , COMAC began the research to develop the twin-engine C919 , which would be used for medium-haul flights with 158 to 174 seats . It is expected to compete with the updated Airbus A320 and the new-generation Boeing B737 .
China has its own military and regional aircraft manufacturers , and the development of the airplane serves as a key index to assess the country 's industrial and technical manufacturing capacity .
`` The first flight of the C919 signals that China will be able to make a significant breakthrough for the country 's civil aircraft manufacturing industry , and it could have the opportunity to break the monopolies of Boeing and Airbus , '' said Lin Zhijie , an aviation industry analyst and columnist at Carnoc.com , a large Chinese civil aviation website .
Despite the promising future , Lin said the C919 's entry to the market wo n't occur soon . The date it goes into operation is expected to be between 2020 and 2022 .
So far , COMAC has received 570 orders for the C919 from 23 clients , including domestic airlines such as the State-owned Air China , China Southern and China Eastern ; and private airlines Hainan Airlines and Sichuan Airlines . China Eastern will be the first to take delivery .
Overseas orders account for about 10 percent of the total , including airlines from Germany and Thailand and others from the Asia Pacific region and Africa .
Boeing earlier predicts that China will need 5,110 new single-aisle airplanes through 2035 , accounting for 75 percent of the total delivery for China from global aircraft manufacturers .
`` While the program has faced its share of challenges－like any development program of this size－the results speak for themselves , '' said Steven Lien , president of Honeywell Aerospace Asia Pacific , one of the C919 's suppliers .
`` The C919 is a sleek , modern and efficient airplane . It is ready to compete on a global scale , heralding China 's ambitious plans to grow and develop its domestic air transportation industry with the help of international partners . ''
COMAC said last week it has started the research to develop a widebody commercial jet with Russia for delivery within 10 years .
Nasa is hiring someone who can defend Earth from alien contamination .
The full-time role of “ planetary protection officer ” will involve ensuring that humans in space do not contaminate planets and moons , as well as ensuring that alien matter does not infect Earth .
The pay is a six-figure salary : as much as $ 187,000 a year plus benefits .
The job post reads : “ Planetary protection is concerned with the avoidance of organic-constituent and biological contamination in human and robotic space exploration . ”
The three-year position – with a chance to extend it to five years – was created after the US signed the Outer Space Treaty of 1967 .
There is only one other full-time role like it in the world at the European Space Agency , says Catharine Conley , NASA ’ s only planetary protection officer since 2014 ( according to Business Insider ) . She is relocating to the agency ’ s Office of Safety and Mission Assurance .
Under the international 1967 treaty , she explained that any space mission must have less than a one in 10,000 chance of contaminating an alien world , including making sure a robot or probe that is travelling past or photographing a planet does not cause harm .
“ It ’ s a moderate level , ” Ms Conley said . “ It ’ s not extremely careful , but it ’ s not extremely lax . ”
Similarly , the new employee would work to protect Earth from potential contamination by planets like Mars , which scientists say may have once been covered in water and supported life – and there may be chance of life there now .
The new hire will likely be part of the upcoming Nasa expedition to Europa , a moon of Jupiter . The $ 2.7bn Europa Clipper mission , approved by Congress , plans to map the moon ’ s surface and analyse whether it could be habitable . The probe could crash land , however , which is a circumstance the planetary protection officer should prepare for .
Candidates will be required to travel frequently – but like any job , there will be a significant amount of emails , proposals and other reading .
Candidates must have at least one year ’ s experience as a top-level civilian government employee , and an advanced degree in physical science , engineering or mathematics . They must also have “ advanced knowledge ” of planetary protection .
The position also requires “ demonstrated skills in diplomacy that resulted in win-win solutions during extremely difficult and complex multilateral discussions ” . The new hire will also receive “ secret ” security clearance .
Convinced your common sense is pretty sound ? You might want to put it to the test with a new quiz .
Quiz master Tom Dunbar , from Plymouth , has devised a seven question test with trick answers that 's designed to find out whether you 're easily persuaded or whether your logic is spot on .
'To pass the test , you must answer with simplicity and prevent yourself from overthinking the questions , ' he says .
So can you answer all seven correctly ?
QUESTION 1 : A man went outside in the pouring rain with no protection , but not a hair on his head got wet . How come ?
QUESTION 2 : John 's father has five sons named Alan , Blan , Clan and Dlan . What did he call his fifth son ?
QUESTION 3 : A taxi driver is going down a one way street the wrong way , he passes twelve cops . Why does he not get arrested ?
QUESTION 4 : What is directly in the middle of Australia ?
QUESTION 5 : A soccer player kicks a ball . It goes ten feet and comes back to him . How is this possible ?
QUESTION 6 : On average , how many books can you put in an empty backpack ?
QUESTION 7 : A cowboy rode to an inn on Friday . He stayed two nights and left on Friday . How can this be ?
AND THE ANSWERS ...
ANSWER 1 : The man is bald
ANSWER 2 : John
ANSWER 3 : He was walking on foot
ANSWER 4 : The letter R
ANSWER 5 : He kicked the ball upwards
ANSWER 6 : One . After that , it is n't empty .
ANSWER 7 : His horse was called Friday .
UK Prime Minister Theresa May has announced plans to call a snap general election on 8 June .
She said Britain needed certainty , stability and strong leadership following the EU referendum .
Explaining the decision , Mrs May said : `` The country is coming together but Westminster is not . ''
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said his party wanted the election , calling it a chance to get a government that puts `` the majority first '' .
The prime minister will refuse to take part in televised leader debates ahead of the vote , Number 10 sources said .
Mr Corbyn said Mrs May should not be `` dodging '' a head-to-head encounter .
There will be a vote in the House of Commons on Wednesday to approve the election plan - the prime minister needs two thirds of MPs to vote in favour to bring forward the next scheduled election date of 2020 .
Explaining her change of heart on an early election , Mrs May said : `` I have concluded the only way to guarantee certainty and security for years ahead is to hold this election . ''
She accused Britain 's other political parties of `` game playing '' , adding that this risks `` our ability to make a success of Brexit and it will cause damaging uncertainty and instability to the country '' .
`` So we need a general election and we need one now . We have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin .
`` I have only recently and reluctantly come to this conclusion . Since I became prime minister I 've said there should be no election until 2020 , but now I have concluded that the only way to guarantee certainty and security for the years ahead is to hold this election and seek your support for the decisions we must take . ''
In a statement outside Number 10 , Mrs May said Labour had threatened to vote against the final Brexit agreement and cited opposition to her plans from the Scottish National Party , the Lib Dems and `` unelected '' members of the House of Lords .
`` If we do n't hold a general election now , their political game-playing will continue and the negotiations with the European Union will reach their most difficult stage in the run-up to the next scheduled election , '' she said .
Senior government sources point to a specific factor that changed the prime minister 's calculation on an early election .
The end of the likely tortuous Article 50 negotiations is a hard deadline set for March 2019 .
Under the Fixed Term Parliaments Act , that 's when the Tories would be starting to prepare for a general election the following year , with what one cabinet minister described as certain `` political needs '' .
In other words , the government would be exposed to hardball from the EU because ministers would be desperate to avoid accepting anything that would be politically unpopular , or hold the Brexit process up , at the start of a crucial election cycle .
Ministers say that 's the central reason for May 's change of heart because `` if there was an election in three years , we 'd be up against the clock '' .
Mr Corbyn said he welcomed the prime minister 's decision , saying it would `` give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first '' , saying that this would include dealing with `` the crisis '' in housing , education funding and the NHS and pushing for an `` economy that works for all '' .
Asked if he will be the next prime minister , the Labour leader said : `` If we win the election - yes - and I want to lead a government that will transform this country , give real hope to everybody and above all bring about a principle of justice for everybody and economic opportunities for everybody . ''
Scotland 's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said she would be fighting the election `` to win '' .
`` I think the prime minister has called this election for selfish , narrow , party political interests , but she has called it and therefore I relish the prospect of getting out to stand up for Scotland 's interests and values , standing up for Scotland 's voice being heard and standing against the ability of a right-wing Conservative Party to impose whatever policies it wants on Scotland . ''
Mrs May spoke to the Queen on the phone on Easter Monday to let her know of the election plan , the prime minister 's official spokesman said . She also got the full backing of the cabinet before calling the election .
Former prime minister David Cameron called Theresa May 's decision to hold a snap general election `` brave and right '' .
British business groups gave a mixed response to the prime minister 's sudden call for a general election , as the pound jumped on the news and shares fell .
European Council President Donald Tusk 's spokesman said the 27 other EU states would forge ahead with Brexit , saying the UK election would not change their plans .
He added : `` We expect to have the Brexit guidelines adopted by the European Council on 29 April and following that the Brexit negotiating directives ready on 22 May . This will allow the EU27 to start negotiations . ''
`` I have just chaired a meeting of the cabinet , where we agreed that the government should call a general election , to be held on 8 June .
`` I want to explain the reasons for that decision , what will happen next and the choice facing the British people when you come to vote in this election .
`` Last summer , after the country voted to leave the European Union , Britain needed certainty , stability and strong leadership , and since I became prime minister the government has delivered precisely that .
`` Despite predictions of immediate financial and economic danger , since the referendum we have seen consumer confidence remain high , record numbers of jobs , and economic growth that has exceeded all expectations .
`` We have also delivered on the mandate that we were handed by the referendum result . Britain is leaving the European Union and there can be no turning back .
`` And as we look to the future , the Government has the right plan for negotiating our new relationship with Europe .
`` We want a deep and special partnership between a strong and successful European Union and a United Kingdom that is free to chart its own way in the world .
`` That means we will regain control of our own money , our own laws and our own borders and we will be free to strike trade deals with old friends and new partners all around the world .
`` This is the right approach , and it is in the national interest . But the other political parties oppose it .
`` At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster , but instead there is division . The country is coming together , but Westminster is not .
`` In recent weeks Labour has threatened to vote against the final agreement we reach with the European Union . The Liberal Democrats have said they want to grind the business of government to a standstill .
`` The Scottish National Party say they will vote against the legislation that formally repeals Britain 's membership of the European Union . And unelected members of the House of Lords have vowed to fight us every step of the way .
`` Our opponents believe because the government 's majority is so small , that our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course . They are wrong .
`` They underestimate our determination to get the job done and I am not prepared to let them endanger the security of millions of working people across the country .
`` Because what they are doing jeopardises the work we must do to prepare for Brexit at home and it weakens the government 's negotiating position in Europe .
`` If we do not hold a general election now their political game-playing will continue , and the negotiations with the European Union will reach their most difficult stage in the run-up to the next scheduled election .
`` Division in Westminster will risk our ability to make a success of Brexit and it will cause damaging uncertainty and instability to the country .
`` So we need a general election and we need one now , because we have at this moment a one-off chance to get this done while the European Union agrees its negotiating position and before the detailed talks begin .
`` I have only recently and reluctantly come to this conclusion . Since I became prime minister I have said that there should be no election until 2020 , but now I have concluded that the only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead is to hold this election and seek your support for the decisions I must take .
`` And so tomorrow I will move a motion in the House of Commons calling for a general election to be held on 8 June . That motion , as set out by the Fixed-Term Parliaments Act , will require a two-thirds majority of the House of Commons .
`` So I have a simple challenge to the opposition parties , you have criticised the government 's vision for Brexit , you have challenged our objectives , you have threatened to block the legislation we put before Parliament .
`` This is your moment to show you mean it , to show you are not opposing the government for the sake of it , to show that you do not treat politics as a game .
`` Let us tomorrow vote for an election , let us put forward our plans for Brexit and our alternative programmes for government and then let the people decide .
`` And the decision facing the country will be all about leadership . It will be a choice between strong and stable leadership in the national interest , with me as your prime minister , or weak and unstable coalition government , led by Jeremy Corbyn , propped up by the Liberal Democrats , who want to reopen the divisions of the referendum , and Nicola Sturgeon and the SNP .
`` Every vote for the Conservatives will make it harder for opposition politicians who want to stop me from getting the job done .
`` Every vote for the Conservatives will make me stronger when I negotiate for Britain with the prime ministers , presidents and chancellors of the European Union .
`` Every vote for the Conservatives means we can stick to our plan for a stronger Britain and take the right long-term decisions for a more secure future .
`` It was with reluctance that I decided the country needs this election , but it is with strong conviction that I say it is necessary to secure the strong and stable leadership the country needs to see us through Brexit and beyond .
`` So , tomorrow , let the House of Commons vote for an election , let everybody put forward their proposals for Brexit and their programmes for government , and let us remove the risk of uncertainty and instability and continue to give the country the strong and stable leadership it demands . ''
Anyone who has ever wanted to inject their dog 's life with some culture need look no further .
A free bus tour designed specifically for canines hits the streets of London this week .
Owners and their pets are invited to experience a whistle-stop sightseeing trip around the capital complete with stop-offs for walkies , at pooch-friendly restaurants and at attractions with a canine theme .
The bus route sees dogs taken to some of London 's best parks and city centre walking spots , including Hyde Park , Kensington Palace Gardens and Green Park .
Along the way , live on-board commentary for dog owners lifts the lid on London 's rich canine history , including spotlights on the ministerial dogs of Downing Street , the many corgis that have shared Buckingham Palace with the Queen and the location of London 's only dog cemetery .
The route itself centres on a number of London 's most scenic dog-walking hotspots , including Hyde Park and Green Park , for owners to disembark the bus and take their pooch for a stroll if they choose .
Guests will also be provided with a handy leaflet mapping dog-friendly pubs , bars and restaurants in the area , where owner and their pets can refuel together post-walk .
Over the course of the hour-long route , the customised London Routemaster , aptly numbered the K9 , will also drive past an array of points of interest with a connection to dogs in the city , with expert insight provided throughout by the on-board commentator .
When driving past Downing Street , you might hear : 'Chancellor Phillip Hammond 's Welsh Terrier , Rex , and Daschund , Oscar , were recently pictured posing outside No . 11 for the annual Christmas card . '
Or as the bus whistles past Buckingham Palace you might be informed : 'Queen Elizabeth II has owned more than 30 corgis during her reign and currently has one named Willow . '
Beginning and ending at Millbank , near the Tate Britain , the tour bus for dogs embarks on a figure of eight route around Hyde Park , Kensington Palace and Green Park .
The venture is backed by UK insurance company More Than and its spokesman , Steve Jay , said : 'London is a city famed for its fascinating history and rich culture , much of which man 's best friend has been heavily involved in .
'The K9 Bus Tour aims to celebrate this often under-appreciated fact , while also providing owners with a fun and unique way to spend time entertaining their beloved pet . '
For anybody who has ever questioned the lack of female Minions , filmmaker Pierre Coffin has some answers for you .
The gender and sexuality of the tiny yellow troublemakers who first appeared in “ Despicable Me '' have been debated since the animated franchise ’ s original film was released in 2010 .
One widespread theory was that Minions were gender neutral , since they don both traditionally male and female attire .
Other fans viewed them as boys who occasionally cross-dress : all of the Minions have male names , such as Stuart , Kevin , and Bob .
Now , as the `` Despicable Me '' spinoff movie `` Minions '' hits theaters , the filmmaker has spoken , and it ’ s official : all Minions are , in fact , male .
Why make such a choice in a time when male-dominated children ’ s movies are so rare ?
“ Seeing how dumb and stupid they often are , I just couldn ’ t imagine Minions being girls , ” Coffin told The Wrap . According to the French animator , all of the title characters are voiced by male actors .
The film is not without female characters , of course : the villain , Scarlett Overkill , is voiced by Sandra Bullock .
But the gender imbalance has drawn criticism from some concerned parents .
“ Why can ’ t we show children a fantasy world where gender equality exists ? ‘ Minions ’ does the opposite , reproducing and in fact , managing to exaggerate sexism so that females have hardly any place or representation in the world at all , ” writes one blogger , the mother of three girls . “ I ’ m appalled and disgusted that movies like ‘ Minions ’ are allowed to be made in 2015 and shown to little kids , teaching a new generation to expect and accept a world where girls go missing . ”
Despite such concerns , “ Minions ” opened at the box office with record numbers this past weekend , garnering $ 115.2 million in North America and making it the second biggest animated film opening in history . The film has received mixed reviews from critics , earning a 54 % rating on Rotten Tomatoes .
Now only one question remains on the minds of movie-goers : if there are no girl Minions , how does the species propagate ?
There are currently two competing fan theories to explain where the little guys come from .
One is that regular humans are turned into Minions by a Minionizer machine , a ray gun-like instrument similar to the one seen on the Minions ride at Universal Studios theme park . Another is that they are cloned from a single strand of mutated DNA , as suggested by one of the short films .
Coffin has declined to reveal the exact origin of the tiny yellow henchmen so far , but the Minions aren ’ t done telling their story yet : they ’ ll be back soon enough in “ Despicable Me 3 , ” slated to open in June 2017 .
A New Zealander of Asian descent has shrugged off the rejection of a passport application photo by software because of his eyes .
The system sent an error message after deciding Richard Lee 's eyes were closed , when they are clearly open .
It was not racism he suggested . `` It was a robot . No hard feelings . ''
The DJ and aerospace engineering student had submitted the photo to an online photo checker at New Zealand 's Department of Internal Affairs .
`` No hard feelings on my part , I 've always had very small eyes and facial recognition technology is relatively new and unsophisticated , '' the 22-year-old told Reuters .
Mr Lee is studying in Melbourne , Australia .
Born in Taiwan but brought up in New Zealand , he was trying to renew his passport so he could return to Australia after a Christmas break in New Zealand .
After contacting the Department of Internal Affairs , he was told there was too much shadow in his eyes . Another photo was later accepted and the passport renewed .
A department spokesman said up to 20 % of photos submitted online were rejected , usually because the subject 's eyes are closed .
Drama , comedy , documentary , and baking : presenting our highly subjective list of the best that British TV has to offer .
( ITV , 2010-2015 )
Sentimental . Nonsensical . Soapy . Julian Fellowes ’ s upstairs-downstairs country-house juggernaut is all of these things and more , but it is also astoundingly successful and ITV ’ s biggest dramatic hit for many years . 120m viewers worldwide mourned the death of Matthew Crawley , while three Golden Globes and 11 Emmys are testament to America 's enduring fascination with the British class system .
Most states have banned texting while driving . But what about texting while walking ?
The Honolulu City Council passed a bill Wednesday that prohibits pedestrians from looking at their mobile devices while they cross the street .
A pedestrian making a 911 call is exempted . Emergency responders performing official duties wo n't face penalties either .
Otherwise , fines will range from $ 15 to $ 99 , depending on how many times they flout the ban .
Brandon Elefante is the Honolulu city councilman who introduced Bill 6 . He told CNN he got the idea from high school students .
`` These high school groups were concerned for their peers being distracted while crossing the streets and looking at their phones instead of looking both ways , '' Elefante said . `` The advancement of technology can sometimes be a distraction and cause people to not pay attention . ''
One of those who voted against it is Councilman Ernie Martin . His reason ? Over-legislation .
`` Given the issues that Honolulu faces , such as homelessness and our rail project having a $ 3 billion deficit , there are more pressing matters that I 'd prefer for us to focus on , '' Martin told CNN . `` I 've always been very careful not to introduce legislation for issues that could be addressed through other means . ''
The councilman said a public awareness campaign would be more effective .
`` Teenagers are most influenced by their peers , '' Martin told CNN . `` A social media campaign would probably be more expansive than any legislation we pass . ''
The bill now heads to Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell . He has 10 business days to make his decision . But city spokesman Andrew Pereira said the mayor `` has worked closely '' with Elefante on the legislation .
Two people are walking towards each other along a narrow pavement – who gives way ?
If it is you , you fall into the 25 percent of people who prefer to step aside .
Another 25 percent like to pass first , making the other person stand to one side .
The remaining 50 percent make up the third type of pedestrian and vary their strategy .
The findings come from study in which researchers from the Technical University of Munich paired up 20 strangers and asked them to walk towards each other without colliding and without speaking .
The volunteers also filled in personality questionnaires and were measured and weighed .
Interestingly , physical factors such as age , height and gender seemed to have no bearing on pavement etiquette .
Nor did traits such as extraversion or shyness , the Journal of Experimental Psychology reports .
In other words , some of us seem to be simply born to barge past .
A second experiment revealed that the person who passes first isn ’ t as rude as they may initially appear .
It seems they do tend to adjust their path – just not enough to avoid a collision .
As a result , it is only when the second person moves out of the way that the problem is solved .
Etiquette expert William Hanson said that the custom of men walking on the outside of the pavement to protect women from traffic , splashes and other dangers has fallen by the wayside .
Mr Hanson said : ‘ Traditionally , men let the woman they were accompanying walk closest to the building , away from the pavement edge .
How to avoid that awkward 'pavement dance '
The German study doesn ’ t address what to do in the common but embarrassing situation , in which both pedestrians repeatedly dodge out of each other ’ s way in the same direction , giving the impression of dancing together on the pavement .
But Mr Hanson said : ‘ I tend to pick a side of the pavement , stick to it , and politely gesture to the empty space for the stranger to use . ’
THREE TYPES OF PEDESTRIAN
Bumbler - Most people fall into this category . Scientists found 50 percent ca n't make up their mind , and vary their strategy when walking in crowds .
Barger - Around 25 percent of people like to pass first , making the other person stand to one side . The person who passes first isn ’ t as rude as they may initially appear .
It seems they do tend to adjust their path – just not enough to avoid a collision .
Polite- Another 25 percent prefer to step aside . Interestingly , physical factors such as age , height and gender seemed to have no bearing on pavement etiquette .
Big Ben will fall silent next week for four years as `` major conservation works '' are carried out on the tower which houses the bell , UK Parliament announced Monday .
The chimes emanating from the bell , one of London 's most famous attractions , have kept time in the British capital for 157 years .
At noon on Monday , August 21 , Big Ben will sound for the last time until 2021 .
The repairs are estimated to cost around £29 million , or more than $ 42 million .
`` Big Ben falling silent is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project . This essential programme of works will safeguard the clock on a long term basis , as well as protecting and preserving its home , '' Keeper of the Great Clock , Steve Jaggs , said in a statement .
Big Ben is the name of the bell inside the tower ( St. Stephen 's Tower , renamed Elizabeth Tower in 2012 ) , and not the building or the clock ( simply known as the Great Clock ) itself .
The chimes were last silent in 2007 during maintenance , and before that from 1983-1985 during a period of refurbishment .
Londoners need n't worry though ; Big Ben will continue to chime for `` important national events '' such as New Year 's Eve and Remembrance Sunday .
Paying attention to educating parents
School bullying has been frequently reported in China in recent years and the age of abusers has become younger . Professor Zhou suggested that it is because there is lack of awareness in families , schools and society . Only when all three organs are educated school violence will drop .
`` Parents are responsible for teaching their children respect , empathy and right and wrong , which means raising awareness of parents should be taken seriously . ''
Asked about the recent public proposal floated by the Ministry of public Security to lower the detention age to 14 , Professor Zhou said this will not solve the problem . He said instead political measures such as establishing educational regulations should be accelerated .
Eliminating bullying is a protracted war
Although Professor Zhou said school violence can come down through efforts by family , school and social education , he admitted that bullying can not be eliminated totally even if the three parts of the society take better measures .
`` Bullying is a worldwide issue and is even more serious in some developed countries such as Japan and the US . '' Professor Zhou said , `` Children in these countries have different backgrounds and environment from Chinese students , which means there are some common elements that trigger school violence . ''
Professor Zhou encouraged people to view bullying from different perspectives to better understand the problem , `` only through which can we discover the real reason of bullying and solve it from the root . ''
`` We have to be ready for a protracted war on this issue , '' Professor Zhou added .
Establishing and improving internet education regulations
Internet education has been popular in China since the `` Internet + '' idea was put forward .
Professor Zhou said internet education has become a hot issue which brings both benefits and dangers at a time when schools and enterprises are largely promoting it .
Some business institutes are using the opportunity to obtain advantage through nefarious ways .
`` Regulations and rules on internet education are still not well-established , which should quickly be listed on agendas by the government to ensure the sustainable development of such education , '' Professor Zhou suggested .
He also said that the government should obtain advice and suggestion of schools and related bodies to carry out better and practical internet education regulations .
Traditional and internet education
According to Professor Zhou , internet education is a teaching method and it may form an internet effect in the future , which encourages educational experts and scholars to re-estimate and re-analyze its relation with traditional education .
`` I personally agree that the two education form complement each other . '' He said .
The traditional education system , including class teaching system , credit system and elective system , were established through long-term development and are still playing a positive role in education , which can not be replaced by another new system .
Professor Zhou said the core elements of education contain human and teaching contents . The role of human -- learners and educators -- are the same in both traditional and internet education and the only difference lies in teaching method -- traditional and modern , `` I do n't think the traditional method only has negative effects and should be displaced . ''
Professor Zhou added , `` Traditional teaching form is developing and I think even in the future , the two teaching forms will keep their complementary relations . ''
Adding to the madness of the 2016 US presidential election is American lawyer Andrew Basiago . He claims to have traveled through time nearly all his life , and is pretty sure that he ’ s going to become “ either president or vice president ” between 2016 and 2028 . Polling data is obviously of little use to this guy .
Basiago , a Washington-based attorney , first started talking about his experience with time travel in 2004 , with Project Pegasus – a top secret organisation studying the effects of time travel and teleportation on children . So between 1968 and 1972 , when Basiago was a young boy of seven , he claims to have participated in several experiments that transported him through time , space , and even parallel universes . His mission , supposedly , was to provide the US President at the time with important information about past and future events .
Now , Basiago is using the ‘ knowledge ’ gained over years of time travel to further his political ambitions – he ’ s running for president this year as an independent candidate , and is fairly confident he ’ s going to win . “ I have prior knowledge that not only will I run for president , but that during one of the elections – which would have to be between 2016 and 2028 , because I ’ m not running past that – I ’ m either elected president or vice president , ” he explained , confidently .
Basiago ’ s greatest qualification to hold office , of course , is his first-hand information of past and future events . Basiago claims to have gone back in time to 1863 and witnessed Abraham Lincoln ’ s speech at Gettysburg . He ’ s also been to the future – the year 2054 – so he as an idea of the pitfalls that a president should be avoiding . Having traveled widely in time , Basiago has held conversations with President Bush , President Clinton , and President Obama decades before they were elected to office , notifying them in advance of their presidencies . More importantly , he has been to Mars in 1981 , which makes for unrivaled experience in foreign relations .
But he ’ s had enough of all the secrecy now . In the all-new version of Project Pegasus that he ’ s leading himself , Basiago is campaigning for the US government to publicly disclose all the advances made in teleportation technology . He ’ s calling for truth , reform , and innovation , which would benefit humanity as a whole and make transportation across the Earth and beyond instantaneous as well as environment friendly .
Basiago has lashed out at President Obama in particular , accusing him of lying and betrayal . He claims that as a teenager , Obama served as a fellow ‘ chrononaut ’ on the Mars mission in the ’ 80s , but has disclosed nothing about it to the American public . Basiago calls this “ literally lying , to deny the involvement of a set of Americans who put their lives at risk at a very young age , doing what their country asked of them. ” This , he believes , is telling of the “ calculating , shallow opportunism ” of the nation ’ s current leadership .
Not wanting to keep things under wraps anymore , Basiago has offered a rudimentary explanation of teleportation technology himself . He claims that the devices they use have “ quantum access capability ” and can be divided into two categories – one that enables physical teleportation to the past or future , and another that creates a hologram to serve as a looking-glass into a specific time or place without actually being there . Physical teleportation , he claims , was developed using the papers left behind by Nikola Tesla , after his death in 1943 . ‘ Chronovision ’ , on the other hand , was invented by two Vatican musicologists and later passed on to the US government by Rome .
These technologies have apparently been around for a long time , but according to Basiago , US scientists advised the government to hide them from the public because they could potentially erase entire industries and jobs that are focused around existing transportation methods . But Basiago disagrees . “ Knowing about these things will allow the public to understand and participate in the advancement of new technologies , ” he said .
So there you have it , if neither Hillary nor Trump seem like US President material to you , or if you simply always wanted to travel through time and space , Andrew Basiago is your man .
Men with muscly physiques are perceived as possessing stronger leadership skills than their skinnier colleagues , a new study shows .
While intelligence and level-headedness might seem more important for people wishing to exude management potential , researchers at UC Berkeley 's Haas School of Business identified an overwhelming connection between physical prowess and high status .
For the published study , titled 'The role of physical formidability in human social status allocation ' , a selection of men underwent strength tests before being photographed . Volunteers were then shown and told they were looking at candidates newly hired by a consultancy firm .
Next they were asked to rate each man based on how much they admired him , held him in high esteem , how much they could imagine his career progressing , and how he might respond to others in his company .
“ The physically strong men in the pictures were given higher status because they are perceived as leaders , ” said Professor Cameron Anderson , who led the study with Professor Aaron Lukaszewski . “ Our findings are consistent with a lot of real examples of strong men in positions of power . ”
To ensure that men were n't being chosen based on good looks , the volunteers - roughly a 50/50 split between men and women - were also asked to rate each candidate 's `` overall attractiveness '' . The men photographed were also each dressed in identical plain white tank tops so that clothing choice did not influence results .
After that initial experiment , researchers used Photoshop to switch the heads on each body . In this round , volunteers again favoured stronger bodies – even if they were attached to a 'weak ' face .
It may be assumed that any connection between bodily strength and leadership is a consequence of intimidating weaker colleagues with over-the-top , macho acts of masculinity , but the opposite may in fact be true .
`` Strong men who were perceived as being likely to behave aggressively toward other group members were actually granted less status than their apparently gentler counterparts , ” Lukaszewski says .
“ Together , the results suggest that the conferral of status upon formidable men , perhaps counter-intuitively , serves a fundamentally pro-social function – to enhance the effectiveness of cooperation within the group . ''
Berkeley ’ s results , which are only applicable to men ( no link was found between female leadership and physical strength ) , are in part reflected on the political stage .
Russian president Vladimir Putin would certainly see his strapping figure as an example of the findings – though with height a factor , his case is weakened by being only 5ft 7in . Barack Obama , meanwhile , who keeps his 6ft 2in frame lean with regular basketball , may be a more convincing case study .
Not all is lost for diminutive , physically feeble leaders , however . While the gym may boost one 's chances of being seen as capable , Professor Cameron insists it is n't the only thing .
`` If you ’ re behaving in ways that demonstrate you are a leader or are not a leader , strength doesn ’ t matter , '' he says .
The Nobel Prize committee has given up trying to reach Bob Dylan , five days after he became the first musician awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Dylan , 75 , is yet to respond to the accolade , which was announced on Thursday . That evening he gave a concert in Las Vegas in which he spoke little , and did not mention the award .
On Friday he performed in Coachella , as part of the Desert Trip festival – and was commended by The Rolling Stones , who performed after him .
`` I want to thank Bob Dylan for an amazing set , '' said Sir Mick Jagger . `` We have never shared the stage with a Nobel Prize winner before . Bob is like our own Walt Whitman . ''
Keith Richards added : `` I ca n't think of anybody that deserved it better . ''
But Dylan himself again failed to acknowledge it .
The Swedish Academy , which awards the prizes every October and organises the presentation in December , says it has not heard back from the Minnesota-born singer .
`` Right now we are doing nothing , '' said Sara Danius , permanent secretary of the academy . `` I have called and sent emails to his closest collaborator and received very friendly replies . For now , that is certainly enough . ''
Dylan has a long and erratic history with award ceremonies , beginning with his 1963 Tom Paine award for civil rights , in which he delivered a rambling acceptance speech saying he sympathised with JFK 's assassin Lee Harvey Oswald . He later issued an apology .
In 2007 he skipped the Crown Prince of Spain 's ceremony to award the Prince of Asturias medal , playing that night in Omaha instead , and in 2010 failed to show up at the White House to collect the National Medal for the Arts .
Barack Obama , who has frequently declared himself to be a great fan of Dylan 's , tweeted congratulations to the legendary rock star for his Nobel Prize , calling him `` one of my favorite poets . '' Mr Obama even included a link to a Spotify playlist created today to provide an overview of Dylan 's music .
But Mr Obama has previously told how Dylan , invited to play at the White House , was initially reluctant to accept the invitation . When he finally agreed to play at the 2010 ceremony , to mark Black History Month , he performed – and then walked off , without asking for photos or attending any ceremonies .
`` Here 's what I love about Dylan : He was exactly as you 'd expect he would be , '' recalled Mr Obama , in a 2013 interview .
`` He would n't come to the rehearsal ; usually , all these guys are practicing before the set in the evening . ''
`` He did n't want to take a picture with me ; usually all the talent is dying to take a picture with me and Michelle before the show , but he did n't show up to that. ``
`` He came in and played The Times They Are A-Changin ' . A beautiful rendition . The guy is so steeped in this stuff that he can just come up with some new arrangement , and the song sounds completely different . ''
`` Finishes the song , steps off the stage — I 'm sitting right in the front row — comes up , shakes my hand , sort of tips his head , gives me just a little grin , and then leaves .
`` And that was it — then he left . That was our only interaction with him . ''
`` And I thought : That 's how you want Bob Dylan , right ? You do n't want him to be all cheesin ' and grinnin ' with you . You want him to be a little sceptical about the whole enterprise . ''
MsDanius , from the academy , said they did not know whether he planned to attend the December 10 ceremony , for winners to be presented with their awards in Stockholm from King Carl Gustaf .
`` If he does n't want to come , he wo n't come , '' said MsDanius . `` It will be a big party in any case and the honour belongs to him . ''
`` I am not at all worried . I think he will show up . ''
The Mario Testino image of young Prince George released to mark his second birthday could melt a thousand hearts but is the young royal already being eclipsed by his younger sibling in the popularity stakes ?
According to eBay 's royal ranking list , which monitors which members of the monarchy are being searched for most on the popular retail site , items associated with Charlotte are more popular than items associated with George .
The web marketplace said that although the young prince 's public appearances have seen sales of products such as tank tops , red shorts and mugs soar , he 's still outsold by three-month-old Charlotte by around 50 per cent .
However , it seems that both the royal children are put into the retail shade by their ever-popular great grandmother .
Over the past three months alone , the online giant says it has seen some 200 items a day related to the Queen sold , some 80 per cent more than the rest of her family . Purchases vary from £20,000 pieces of art to relatively inexpensive items including Queen Elizabeth figurines .
After the Queen and her great-grandchildren , it is Prince Harry and Prince Charles who follow .
Merchandise related to George can leap by as much as 257 per cent after the cute toddler makes an appearance at a public event .
There are currently a host of red shorts and white shirts with red detail for sale after the lively tot sported a similar outfit at his sister 's christening on July 5th .
EBay.co.uk spokesperson Laura Wilkinson-Rea said : 'We 've been treated to some adorable pictures of Prince George and Princess Charlotte this summer .
'It looks like these little style icons are already inspiring shoppers and collectors . '
Among the memorabilia on sale associated with Charlotte are mugs , souvenir magazines , biscuit tins and silver spoons .
A souvenir mug can cost anything from around £5 to in excess of £25 for more premium crockery .
A new restaurant is offering a five-course drink-paired menu stuffed with all the fashionable , nutritional foods you can think of .
There 's seaweed and kale puree to start , followed by a reishi mushroom flaxseed cream main course , with a dessert of coconut and blueberry chia pudding - with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa .
But this bang on-trend meal is n't fit for human consumption - it 's just for dogs .
These meals will be served for one weekend only at London 's latest eatery , The Curious Canine Kitchen , a 'holistic restaurant for four-legged friends ' .
The doggie fine diner is the first of its kind in Britain to serve high-end , freshly prepared , organic canine cuisine and will pop up in Shoreditch , London , on Saturday 11 and Sunday 12 April .
This ticketed charity event is the brainchild of event organiser and spiritual dog trainer Natty Mason who has worked with whole foods , and gluten-free trained chef Emily Stevenson to devise the menus .
Ms Mason said : 'I am impassioned to provoke a rethink in healthy canine dining and hope that this event , the first of its kind here , inspires better doggie dinners across the UK ' .
For £20 a dog , foodie Fidos will be treated to the five-course on the menu for dogs which includes dishes such as textures of tripe with seaweed and kale puree , crispy paddywack ( the chewy dog treat ) with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream , and coconut , and blueberry chia pudding with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa dog biscuits .
Each dish will be served alongside refreshments such as alkaline water , beef consomme and coconut water .
The meal will be polished off with a marrow bone from Hill & amp ; Szrok , known for its teeth cleaning properties and a 'Fresh Breath ' herbal tea tonic to aid digestion .
Human companions will be served an assortment of seven , raw whole food amuses-bouche and a variety of drinks as part of a set which features gazpacho raw soup , golden quinoa , coconut and mango salad as well as avocado , blueberry and chia cheesecake .
Served by waiters at one of the restaurants four bespoke doggy tables , any leftovers will be available to take home in a doggy bag .
All proceeds from event will be donated to Amazon CARES , a street dogs and cats charity in Iquitos , Peru where Ms Mason regularly volunteers .
There will be two seatings each day ( 1 to 3pm and 3 to 5pm ) .
Poking fun at fat people should be treated as seriously as racism and sexism , researchers have said .
Obesity expert Dr Sarah Jackson said that the law should protect against weight discrimination , in the same way at it prohibits singling out people based on their age , gender or race .
Dr Jackson , of University College London , spoke out after conducting two studies into the physical and psychological effects of fattism .
Her latest study , of more than 5,000 British adults found that those who were made to feel ashamed of their size suffered more symptoms of depression .
They also had a lower quality of life than those who didn ’ t feel victimised .
Examples of fattism included being treated disrespectfully , including being the butt of jokes , receiving poorer services in shops , restaurants , hospitals and doctors ’ surgeries , being threatened and being assumed to be stupid .
She previously showed shaming fat people into losing weight is counterproductive .
Far from shocking people into slimming , it actually leads to them piling on the pounds .
It is thought fattism drives those who are already sensitive about their weight to comfort eat . Fear of ridicule may also mean they avoid exercise .
With two-thirds of British women overweight or obese , jibes , taunts and simple thoughtlessness could be having a huge effect on the nation ’ s mental and psychological health .
Dr Sarah Jackson , the lead author of both studies , said that people may believe that weight discrimination is socially acceptable because unlike ageism , sexism and racism , it is not covered by law .
She said : ‘ In the United Kingdom , the Equality Act 2010 legally protects individuals from discrimination on the basis of age , sex , race , disability , religion or beliefs , sexual orientation , marital status , pregnancy , or gender reassignment ; making it clear that discriminatory behaviour of this nature is not to be accepted .
‘ However , our results indicate that discriminatory experiences contribute to poorer psychological wellbeing in individuals with obesity , but there are currently no laws prohibiting weight discrimination .
‘ This might send the message to people that weight discrimination is socially acceptable .
‘ If weight was a protected category it might help to reduce the prevalence of weight-related discrimination and thereby improve quality of life and wellbeing for a significant proportion of obese individuals . ’
China ’ s capital is known for its horrendous smog and occasional sandstorms . Yet one of its major environmental threats lies underground : Beijing is sinking .
Excessive pumping of groundwater is causing the geology under the city to collapse , according to a new study using satellite imagery that reveals parts of Beijing – particularly its central business district – are subsiding each year by as much as 11 centimetres , or more than four inches .
The authors of the study warn that continued subsidence poses a safety threat to the city of more than 2o million , with “ a strong impact on train operations ” one of the predictions .
The study on Beijing ’ s subsidence has been published in the peer-reviewed journal Remote Sensing and is based on InSAR , a type of radar that monitors land elevation changes . It was written by a team of seven researchers .
“ We are currently carrying out a detailed analysis of the impacts of subsidence on critical infrastructure ( eg high-speed railways ) in the Beijing plain , ” they said in an email to the Guardian . “ Hopefully a paper summarising our findings will come out later this year . ”
Beijing sits in a dry plain where groundwater has accumulated over millennia . As wells are drilled and the water table drops , the underlying soil compacts , much like a dried-out sponge .
The study finds that the entire city is sinking but the subsidence is most pronounced in Beijing ’ s Chaoyang district , which has boomed since 1990 with skyscrapers , ringroads and other development . The researchers say the uneven nature of the subsidence in some areas poses risks to buildings and other infrastructure .
Tens of thousands of water wells are thought to exist in and around Beijing , many of them used in farming and landscaping . The state has regulatory power over installation of wells but is inconsistent in applying it , according to one leading Chinese environmentalist .
“ There are some rules but the enforcement is doubtful , ” said Ma Jun , director of the Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs in Beijing . Ma said he wasn ’ t surprised subsidence was relatively high in the Chaoyang district given its rapid growth of recent decades . He expected it to keep moving east as the city sprawled in that direction .
China inaugurated a mega-engineering project aimed at mitigating Beijing ’ s water crisis . The state completed construction of the South-North Water Diversion .
Even before the canal began delivering water , Beijing was easing up on some groundwater pumping . In January of 2015 the Chaoyang district announced plans to phase out 367 water wells , reducing the use of 10m cubic meters of underground water .
Experts say it is still too early to know if the canal ’ s water deliveries will help recharge the aquifer and slow Beijing ’ s rate of subsidence . In the meantime concerns about impacts to buildings and rail systems continue . To prevent derailments a 2015 study recommended that China ban new water wells near completed high-speed rail lines .
Other cities around the world are experiencing subsidence caused by excessive water pumping or other factors . Mexico City is sinking by up to 28cm a year and Jakarta is subsiding at a similar rate . Bangkok is dropping annually by as much as 12cm , similar to Beijing , according to the Remote Sensing researchers .
The world 's largest cruise ship has arrived at Southampton ahead of its maiden voyage .
The 1,188ft long Harmony of the Seas cost one billion US dollars , can carry 6,780 guests and 2,100 crew , and took more than two-and-a-half years to construct .
The Royal Caribbean ship , which has 20 restaurants on board , will set sail for its first trip , a four-night cruise from Southampton to Rotterdam , on Sunday May 22 .
The liner features a 10-storey water slide called the Ultimate Abyss , which features a 100ft drop , making it the tallest at sea . Other facilities on board the `` seven neighbourhood '' ship including the deepest pool at sea , which will feature diving performances . The ship also boasts a production of the musical Grease .
It has its own park , which contains 10,587 plants , 48 vine plants and 52 trees , while a total of 11,252 works of art are showcased across the vessel .
Stuart Leven , managing director UK and Ireland , Royal Caribbean International , said : `` The Harmony of the Seas is the world 's largest cruise ship . Bigger can be beautiful when it allows you to put so many great facilities on board to allow people to have a great holiday at sea .
`` Cruising is changing - it 's becoming a holiday for all the family , it 's not just white table cloths and ties at dinnertime - now the sort of holiday you get at all-inclusive resorts on land can be replicated on the seas .
`` We have a 10-storey slide , surf machines , plenty of restaurants like Jamie Oliver 's Italian on board , a great choice , and you can wake up with a different view from your balcony each day .
`` My favourite facility is the robotic bartenders where you go in with an iPad to place your order and they will mix your cocktail . We are really pushing the boundaries . ''
These are the first images of the prototype humanoid robot Vladimir Putin hopes will conquer the moon for Russia .
The 'cyber cosmonaut ' will be sent to the International Space Station ahead of tackling more ambitious tasks on the lunar landscape .
Pictures show the robot walking , lifting heavy weights , using power tools , performing press-ups and even driving with Russian experts hoping it will one day be able to help build a base on the moon .
Putin 's deputy premier Dmitry Rogozin said : 'This thing can work without a space suit , live not only in a crew vehicle , but even outside it . Its name is Fedor . '
He claimed the war in Syria had shown Russia the importance of robots in difficult environments , and promised Fedor would make its space debut in five years .
Putin has also instructed his space chiefs to make a first landing on the moon within 15 years .
A key task for Fedor will be to 'assist in construction and use of bases ' on the moon and potentially other planets , said its Russian designers FPI .
The robot can 'crawl , stand up after falling down , take and leave driver 's seat in a car , use tools and operate in a regular building ' .
Fedor stands 6ft tall , weighs between 106-160 kg depending on extra equipment , and can lift up to 20 kg of cargo .
'During space walking missions and on other planets , astronauts will rely on robots , ' said Sergei Khurs , head of the project and director of the National Centre for Technology Development and Basic Robotics .
'Their capabilities are equal to those of humans , and in some ways even exceed them . '
Vladimir Solntsev , general director of Russian rocket-making corporation Energia , said : 'Our involvement in the Fedor-based space robot project will bring us to the next level in the development of robotic technologies . '
Alexander Grebenshchikov , director of the TSNIImash laboratory of space robotics , said : 'Every hour of work of cosmonauts on space walks costs from $ 2 million to $ 4 million ( USD ) . '
'The use of robots for routine operations in the future will also spare additional time of the crew for leisure or for the fulfillment of other important tasks . '
There ’ s nothing worse than looking forward to a serving of Nutella on warm toast for breakfast - only to find that someone has cleaned out the jar .
But German inventor Daniel Schobloch has come up with a brilliantly simple solution to the pilfering problem - by designing an acrylic lock to keep jars of the chocolate and hazelnut spread safe from sticky fingers .
The canny gadget , which started life as a joke invention , is currently on sale for €9.99 on eBay Germany .
The simple lock is so popular that 1,000 units have been sold so far .
But once news of his clever creation got out , the demand for the lock started to spread .
'As the demand continued to grow we decided to offer the device on eBay , ' he continued .
The lock , which comes with two keys , should not be considered as a proper security device however as acrylic is easy to break into .
Daniel told the The Local that the lock is best used as novelty gift or by parents who want to stop their children from gorging on the sweet spread .
Barmy breakfast inventions seem to be all the rage recently with news of a British designer 's bizarre Wearable Brek range , made especially for cereal fans .
Dominic Wilcox 's creations include a device which sets off an alarm if your cereal is too soggy , a crane that serves milk and cereal into your bowl , a cereal drone that flies Rice Krispies from shop counter to table and an e-Spoon that measures the mouthfuls of food as you eat .
The prototypes , commissioned by Kellogg 's , were created with the aim of adapting the 'wearable tech ' trend to revolutionise the way we eat breakfast .
London residents too busy to hit the gym every once in a while will soon get the chance to work out during their commute , thanks to a fleet of ingenious fitness buses packed full of stationary bikes .
“ The Wheels on the Bus ” children ’ s song is going to have a whole new meaning once British fitness company 1Rebel launches its new Ride2Rebel buses on the streets of London . The modified public transportation vehicles will feature stationary bikes instead of seats , allowing commuters to spin at their hearts ’ content on their way to work . Buses will travel from four pick-up points in north , east , south and west London along the city ’ s most popular commute routes , all the way to the 1Ride studio where riders can come in for a shower and a smoothie before work .
The idea for these Ride2Rebel fitness buses was developed by 1Rebel co-founders , James Balfour and Giles Dean . “ It is an absolute no brainer for us that we can create more efficiency in people ’ s routines by transforming their commute , ” Balfour said . “ For those who want the components of a class , but perhaps don ’ t have the time to commit during the day , this provides a great solution for them to maximise time they would otherwise be spending just travelling to work . ”
Ride2Rebel basically leave workaholics who claim to be too busy to work out with no more excuses , and 1Rebel , one of London ’ s most popular fitness companies , confirms that interest in their novel idea is through the roof . “ This morning interest peaked so much that the registration website crashed and had to be moved to a separate server , ” Balfour told CNBC , last month . According to the Ride2Rebel website , there are currently 8121 people in line for tickets , and the service hasn ’ t even launched yet .
As for when the fitness buses will actually launch , it all depends on whether the plans get signed off by the government , but 1Ride claims Ride2Rebel will hit the city streets later this year . Apparently , safety concerns are the biggest obstacle in the way of this project becoming a reality . The bikes mounted in the buses do not currently include seatbelts , and Balfour made no mention of helmets , CNBC reports . “ We are working with bus companies and the government to establish all health and safety conditions , ” the co-founder said . “ As this is such an innovative idea there are no established norms but due to the high levels of interest this is something that all our partners are focused on . ”
If , and when Ride2Rebel launches , passengers can expect to pay £12 to £15 for a 45-minute ride .
1Ride is not the first to come up with the idea of a fitness bus full of stationary bikes . Last year , Boston company Bike Bus made headlines with a similar service .
The new way for the A-list to boast about their summer holidays on Instagram this year is to try to be a little more demure and to post fetching rear views of themselves instead .
But can you work out whose views these are ?
This actress/feminist/UN goodwill ambassador is too fond of her privacy to be on Instagram very much . But the 27-year-old former child star could n't resist posting this picture of her arriving in Paris , looking almost like any other tourist .
Answers : Emma Watson
The 44-year-old star , far right in a striped top , who has revealed she is considering retiring from acting to concentrate on her lifestyle website took her holiday with her ex-husband and children Apple and Moses .
Answers : Gwyneth Paltrow
It 's just not a trend until this global superstar , who recently marked her 59th birthday , has tried it .
This year , the singer and sometime actress posted a picture of herself exploring while on a break in Malawi .
She has just opened a children 's hospital funded by her charity and adopted four-year-old twin girls , Stella and Esther , from the country .
Answers : Madonna
Casual in a baggy , flag-adorned knit , this beauty is holidaying at her huge mansion in upstate New York .
The 47-year-old Oscar winner , who recently revealed lavish details of her domestic life on Instagram — including a bathroom cabinet with £2,000 worth of contents and a gold-lacquered walk-in closet crammed with designer labels — posted an image of her going out to dinner with her husband of 17 years .
Answers : Catherine Zeta-Jones
Celebrating her tenth wedding anniversary , the golden girl of daytime TV whose recent weight loss has stunned fans , posted this picture of herself leaping into the blue seas .
The 36-year-old presenter , famed for dissolving into fits of giggles on air , is thought to be with her TV producer husband of ten years on holiday in Portugal , where she met up with her silver-haired co-host , who has a villa nearby .
Answers : Holly Willoughby
It 's no surprise that The Body cuts such a stunning look on the beach .
Pictured last week on holiday in Mexico with her two sons , the Australian supermodel and businesswoman has found herself single again at the age of 53 , having split from her billionaire second husband .
Answers : Elle Macpherson
If you 're in China but love Paris and luxury , you should visit Tianducheng . The area impressively replicates Paris—from the buildings surrounding the 108-meter replica of the Eiffel Tower to the Champs-Elysees ' fountain . The replica is a sight to behold even though it 's less than half of the real size , actually closer to a third .
Paris in Tianducheng has a residential neighborhood around the Eiffel Tower , a gated community that protects practically no one . It is built to accommodate 10,000 people , but far fewer people than that live there .
If an English person finds their trip to China culturally shocking , they can take solace in the faux English replicas . Those with an eye for authenticity will notice that the Tower Bridge in Suzhou does not have a raising mechanism . The original has two towers while the replica has four towers connected through skywalks and elevators .
Florentia Village is a great place to visit if you have a taste for pricey Italian dining and shopping in Tianjin . This shopping center is definitely an Italian knockoff . But no matter how fake it might be , shoppers should be strapped with real , cold , hard cash .
This $ 220 million investment is nothing to be scoffed at . It 's fascinating that expensive brands such as Armani , Prada , Versace , and more have placed their shops in a replica shopping center .
Great minds at Harvard University , Dassault Systemes , and the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston have collaborated to make an impressive replica of an Egyptian 3-D world . High-performance projectors and a wide , curved screen provide a fully immersive experience for students learning about the structures of ancient Egypt .
Witnessing the replica of Greece 's Parthenon in Tennessee is n't free . Even though this historic building is fake and completely out of place , the original casts for the marble sculptures are authentic and date back to 438 BC .
In the 1920s , Robert Ilg got an idea that he wanted to construct a 22-acre park in Illinois with two swimming pools . But he was confronted with the issue of unsightly water towers which provided water for the pools . Then an ingenious idea popped into his mind to develop a replica of the `` Leaning Tower of Pisa '' to hide the water tanks . At 29 meters tall , this replica is half the size of the original in Pisa , Italy .
In fact , there are three replicas of well-known the Statue of Liberty in Japan—one each in Odaiba , Shimoda , and Osaka .
The Seven Wonders of the World are set to be recreated in Falconcity of Wonders in Dubai . The city is host to replicas of the pyramids , Taj Arabia , Tower of Pisa , Hanging Gardens of Babylon , the Eiffel Tower , and the Great Wall of China . Taj Arabia is a replica of the Taj Mahal . The luxury community is still in the process of being built after many years of delays .
Who would have known that it 's such a popular idea to live in a house that 's modeled after the Flintstones ' home ? A theme park spanning six acres is dedicated to Fred and his lifestyle . It sits 48 kilometers outside of the Grand Canyon 's south rim . The park is one of a few different Flintstones-themed parks in the US .
The Titanic II is being created by billionaire Clive Palmer . The design and decor of Titanic II will match the era of its predecessor . The replica of the iconic ship will even contain replicas of the original lifeboats . It set to open at the end of 2017 . Titanic II will not be taking its old route . Instead , it will travel from Jiangsu , China , to Dubai .
Female workers at Facebook were routinely told not to wear clothing that “ distracted ” co-workers , a former employee has claimed .
Antonio Garcia Martinez , who was fired after two years at Mark Zuckerberg ’ s social network , has made a series of sensational claims about the company in a tell-all book about life in Silicon Valley .
Martinez ’ s book paints a picture of Zuckerberg as prone to bouts of anger , and claims that female workers were repeatedly criticised for inappropriate clothing .
“ Our male HR authority , with occasional backup from his female counterpart , launched into a speech about avoiding clothing that ‘ distracted ’ coworkers . I ’ d later learn that managers did in fact occasionally pull aside female employees and read them the riot act , ” Martinez claims in his book , Chaos Monkeys .
“ One such example happened in [ the advertising department ] , with an intern who looked about sixteen coming in regularly in booty shorts . It was almost laughably inappropriate , but such was our disinhibited age . ”
Facebook and many other Silicon Valley companies have long been accused of a male-dominated workplace culture . 68 percent of employees are men , according to its latest diversity report , and 84 percent in technology roles . Ex workers have also claimed that allegations of sexism are not taken seriously at the company .
Martinez ’ s book also claims that Sheryl Sandberg – Facebook ’ s chief operating officer and a high-profile feminist – once lambasted Dan Rubinstein , a senior engineer , for a crude joke .
When Rubinstein was demonstrating an algorithm that filtered out explicit photos , Sandberg stopped him to ask why all the demo photos in the presentation were of kittens .
“ Dan flatly replied , ‘ We use kittens as the bad photos in demos , because the real bad photos are ... you know ... kind of obscene. ’ ” Martinez claims .
Sandberg then reportedly asked : “ Right , but why kittens and not something else ? ” .
According to Martinez : “ Dan looked up at the screen as if noticing the kitten pics for the first time , and then turned to Sheryl and answered , almost under his breath : 'Well ... for demo purposes we don ’ t show really bad photos ... so the engineers use kittens instead . Because , you know ... kittens and cats are like , pu- '
“ 'Got it ! ' she expectorated . After sucking in a lungful of air , as if loading for a verbal barrage , she continued . ‘ If there were women on that team , they ’ d NEVER , EVER choose those photos as demo pics . I think you should change that immediately ! ’ ”
Martinez also claims that Zuckerberg was prone to angry outbursts . After an unknown employee leaked details of a new feature to the press , Zuckerberg reportedly emailed the entire office with the subject line “ Please resign ” , claiming that the person in question had betrayed the team .
Zuckerberg was also reportedly furious at the state of the walls at Facebook ’ s headquarters , which employees are encouraged to draw on , after employees had scribbled over them , rather than creating art .
“ That weekend Zuck sent another to-all email ( or maybe it was posted in the general Facebook internal group to which everyone belonged ) , the gist being : I trusted you to create art , and what you f*****s did was vandalize the place , ” Martinez wrote .
A Facebook spokesman did not comment on the allegations .
There 's money to be made from other people 's mistakes : $ 110m ( £85m ) of it , to be precise .
That 's the amount raised in a funding round by Grammarly , a firm that boasts of having what it calls `` the world 's most accurate online grammar checker '' .
It has persuaded venture capital firms including General Catalyst , IVP and Spark Capital to support its platform .
The eight-year-old firm , based in San Francisco , offers `` mistake-free writing every time '' to 6.9 million users .
The start-up was founded in 2009 by Alex Shevchenko and Max Lytvyn .
Its software uses spell-checking , proof-reading and plagiarism detection tools , scanning text for the correct use of more than 250 advanced grammar rules .
But not everyone sees the need for Grammarly . One online reaction posted to the announcement of the firm 's venture round was : `` I rather learn to write without mistakes than let a program correct it '' ( perhaps inadvertently proving its usefulness ) .
On the other hand , Grammarly 's efforts provide no guarantee that your prose will be a joy to read .
Its own website contains the sentence : `` Enhance your sentences with Grammarly 's context-optimized word choice suggestions to instantly improve the readability of your document . ''
Clearly split infinitives are safe from the software 's forensic gaze .
The rise in the sea level will change the morphology of the Italian coasts over the next 80 years , a study found .
And up to 5,500 square kilometres of coastal plains could end up under water – meaning Italy could be completely submerged by the end of the century .
A study by the Laboratory of Climate Modelling and the journal Quaternary Science Reviews focused on four sensitive areas of the Italian peninsula which will feel the impact of rising sea levels . These were the North Adriatic , the Gulf of Taranto , the Gulf of Oristano and the Gulf of Cagliari .
The analysis took into account the most recent projections of sea-level rise between a minimum of 53cm and a maximum of 97cm , also including the effects due to geological and geomorphological changes .
Fabrizio Antonioli , the director of research at the Laboratory of Climate Modelling told National Geographic Italian : “ The coast is flat and there are no dunes to act as a natural barrier . Some areas are already close to or below the sea level . ”
Experts suggest that the way to solve the issue is that governments will need to improve the efficiency of the dams to protect the coasts .
If no reinforcement measures are implemented in the near future , the cities of Aquileia , Ravenna and Rovigo will be at risk of flooding while the coastline could arrive less than 10km from Ferrara .
Climate change experts fear that by the year 2100 , the maximum elevation calculated will be approximately 101 cm above the current sea level for the North Adriatic .
Furthermore , it will be 96cm for the Gulf of Cagliari , 95cm for Oristano and 92cm for the Gulf of Taranto .
The coastline near Venice could also go back 30 kilometres and the area between Trieste and Venice is one of the most vulnerable .
It is estimated that in Europe there are about 86 million people living within 10 km from the coast .
In Italy , as well as in the rest of the Mediterranean region , 70 percent of the population live in the coastal area .
Italian shores are also home to major business establishments and the epicentre of thriving tourist activities .
All these activities will be increasingly threatened by coastal erosion and the risk of flooding .
More than 50 pupils were sent home from a Nottingham school on the first day of term after turning up in inappropriate footwear – including flip-flops .
The headteacher of Djanogly City Academy defended teachers ' actions and said being properly dressed was an important life lesson for children .
About 100 pupils who broke the school 's uniform rules are reported to have been taken out of class on the first day of term , with 56 sent home to change after their parents were contacted .
The uniform policy states plain black leather shoes should be worn by the 1,197 pupils on the roll .
The Nottingham academy has been in special measures since 2013 .
However , the school has been steadily improving under the stewardship of the new head , Dave Hooker .
Hooker said : `` Being appropriately dressed , whether for school or work , is a lesson that will benefit all our students throughout their lives .
`` It is our duty to give them every advantage and a key part of that is understanding that personal standards are very important . ''
A Frenchwoman who went on a huge spending spree after `` winning '' the Euro Millions lottery was ordered to pay the huge tab back after belatedly discovering that she had got the wrong the number .
The 46-year-old , whose identity was not disclosed in the French media , believed she had won a massive jackpot . Within hours , and over the course of three weeks in February and March 2014 , she issued a series of cheques – splashing out on perfumes , jewellery , clothes and ornaments to celebrate her good fortune .
Her spending quickly surpassed €4,000 , but with no word or cheque in sight from Euro Millions , her family started to fret .
Eventually , the woman ’ s husband got his hands on the ticket and checked the numbers . He discovered to his horror that one of the digits failed to match and informed his wife .
The woman , a mother living in the Doubs département in eastern France , faced charges of fraud for a string of cheques that bounced during her shopping spree , according to l'Est Republicain , the regional daily .
Once she realised her terrible mistake , the woman made matters worse by inventing a story that her handbag had been stolen in a bid not to have to pay back the cash .
She even burned the handbag to get rid of the evidence . However , she was caught on several shop security cameras writing out cheques and charged .
After initially denied fraud , the woman broke down in court to admit the charges . Understanding shop-owners had already contacted her to suggest payment in instalments , but she has still not refunded them , saying she was `` too afraid and ashamed '' to do so . However , she promised to do so now .
The Besançon court handed her a four-month suspended sentence and ordered her to work and to repay her debts .
All living flowers ultimately derive from a single ancestor that lived about 140 million years ago , a study suggests .
Scientists combined models of flower evolution with the largest data set of features from living flowers ever assembled .
From this the team was able to infer the appearance of the ancestral flower .
The flower had many concentric cycles of petal-like organs in sets of three , arranged in whorls , and was bisexual .
Hervé Sauquet , from Université Paris-Sud , France , one of the authors of the paper published last week in Nature Communications said : `` There is no living flower that looks exactly like the ancestral one . This is a flower that existed at least 140 million years ago and has had considerable time to evolve into the incredible diversity of flowers that exist today . ''
Dr Jason Hilton from the University of Birmingham , UK , who was not involved in the study , said : `` The structure and organization of the ancestral flower has remained enigmatic . For instance , we do n't know if the oldest flowers were unisexual or bisexual , or if they were pollinated by wind or insects . ''
To reconstruct the appearance of the first flower , the scientists recorded the features - such as the petals and sepals - of the flowers from 792 living species .
They mapped the distribution of these features on to the evolutionary tree of flowering plants enabling them to build a picture of what flowers looked like at key points in their history - including the last common ancestor of all living flowers .
The first flower is reconstructed with petal-like structures arranged in a whorl , so each petal appears in the same plane , like a common lily ( but with more whorls ) , rather than in a spiral , where petals overlap in a spiral arrangement around the stem , like a lotus .
`` For some of the features we studied , the result was surprising , especially the fact that organs ( such as sepals and petals and the stamens ) were probably arranged in whorls instead of spirals , as commonly assumed for the ancestral flower , '' said Hervé Sauquet .
Sex evolution in flowers has been highly debated . Flowers can be unisexual or bisexual and this study infers a bisexual early flower with both male and female organs .
`` This study is important as it tells us how complicated the ancestral flower is likely to be - now the search is on to find it or something closely resembling it in the fossil record . That 's if the model is correct - only time ( and further study ) will tell , '' said Jason Hilton .
They say the way to a man 's heart is through his stomach but one man 's engagement shoot with a burrito has taken it to new levels .
Tired of friends ' soppy snaps , writer David Sikorski enlisted photographer Kristina Bakrevski to capture the romantic moments between him and his burrito bride - a Carne Asada stuffed with French fries and avocado .
India has traditionally grappled with the problem of domestic abuse that women face at the hands of their menfolk . Despite most cases going unreported , over 113,400 such incidents were recorded in 2015 .
Now , in order to curb domestic abuse , a politician in the state of Madhya Pradesh has come up with a bizarre solution , that urges newly wed women to beat up their violent husbands .
Over 700 brides were 'gifted ' wooden paddles ( popularly known as mogri ) by this politician at a mass wedding ceremony . And he 's reportedly ordered for many more .
These logs of wood carry messages like 'For beating drunkards ' or 'Police wo n't intervene ' and urge women to set their husbands right if they ill-treat them .
`` Women say whenever their husbands get drunk they become violent . Their savings are taken away and splurged on liquor ... they should let the wooden paddles do the talking , '' the politician told AFP .
However , he clarified that this is n't an attempt to provoke the women , but a mere effort to curb the violence they face .
It is true that India faces a serious alcohol problem . According to the World Health Organization , one in 20 Indians suffer from alcohol-related problems . Several states have cracked down on liquor in recent years in a bid to curb alcohol-fueled violence .
Hence , this step might be well-intentioned but it hardly absolves the State of their inability to protect its women and act on offences . Also , we ca n't rule out the misuse of 'power ' invested in the women .
Naturally , it has drawn mixed reactions from people .
George W. Bush is nothing if not a good sport .
And in no better way was that illustrated when the former President donned a Santa suit for a hospital visit in Dallas .
The 68-year-old was handing out toys at the Children 's Medical Center of Dallas to patients who have to spend Christmas at the facility .
The family that posted the picture of Bush to Facebook lost one of their twin daughters earlier this year to a heart disease called restrictive cardomyopathy .
'Guess who just came and gave Emily a Christmas present dressed in a Santa suit with Secret Service and all ? ! ? ! ? ... ... Pres . George Bush , ' mom Natalie Smith posted to Facebook .
Her surviving daughter , Emily , has undergone a heart replacement , but is constantly in and out of hospital as her body rejects the organ .
There were reports on Twitter that Bush 's secret service detail dressed as elves to accompany him .
David Beckham pulled the oldest embarrassing dad trick in the book on Saturday afternoon .
Though when your pops is as achingly cool as the retired footballer , all your 16-year-old son can do is laugh at an unexpected photobomb .
Brooklyn was hat shopping in London at the weekend , when the heavily-bearded father of four hopped into the background of one of his Instagram mirror selfies .
Already taking after his stylish parents David and Victoria , Brooklyn looked cool in a cream and black fedora , tilted on one side .
He simply captioned the snap 'Trying hats on ' as a sneaky David darted in from the other side of the room and stole his hat thunder in a slouchy beanie .
Brooklyn , who celebrated his 16th just last week , did n't appear to have the traditional teen embarrassment that accompanies a shopping trip with your parents and it was little wonder when his dad looked every bit as youthful .
No doubt Brooklyn 's 500k followers will have enjoyed the cheeky picture after the teenager , who has younger siblings Romeo , Cruz and Harper , celebrated the landmark number of Instagram fans with a smiley face .
The oldest of the Beckham clan piqued interest with some special attention from British folk band Mumford & amp ; Sons this week .
He shared the moment that band members Marcus Mumford , Ben Lovett , Winston Marshall and Ted Dwane picked him up backstage at their recent Hackney gig .
He captioned the snap : 'Great gig . Thanks Marcus . Amazing new album @ mumfordandsons '
It 's been a busy birthday week for Brooklyn , who was treated to the Chelsea v Paris Saint-Germain football game in the UEFA Champions League by his father David .
The teen and his younger brothers got extra special seats alongside Roy Hodgson at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday .
It 's a perilous world out there .
In fact , our lives are so filled with risks and uncertainties , even binge-watching Korean dramas may prove to be hazardous . That is , according to China 's Ministry of Public Security , which recently warned its followers on its official Weibo that watching the hit Korean series Descendants Of The Sun could be potentially “ dangerous and even lead to legal troubles ” , especially because “ many have fallen in love with the male lead Song Joong-ki ” .
Apparently , the obsession with Korean dramas has led to divorce for one unfortunate couple , and plastic surgery for one man , whose wife was smitten by an actor in a Korean drama .
If you have n't already jumped on the Descendants bandwagon , the 16-episode drama stars actor Song Joong-ki as a dashing military man , and actress Song Hye-kyo as his gorgeous doctor-muse . According to South Korean media , the drama was released simultaneously in Korea and China , and has accumulated hundreds of millions of views on Chinese video streaming platform iQiyi .
Just for the sake of your health and sanity , we have come up with a list of things you should definitely have on standby , as you binge-watch Descendants Of The Sun .
1 . A DOCTOR . Have a cardiologist on standby , for all the heart palpitations you get when you see Song Joong-ki staring at Song Hye-kyo the way we look at fried chicken .
2 . EYEDROPS . Because we know you forget to blink whenever Song Joong-ki or his military friends work out shirtless .
3 . IRON SUPPLEMENTS . Because we know your nose will bleed whenever Song Joong-ki or his military friends work out shirtless .
4 . BIB . Accidents happen , so you will want to protect your pyjamas from your drool . One can never be too careful with one 's good pyjamas .
5 . SMELLING SALTS . Did he just touch her hand ? Are they about to kiss ? Arm yourself with smelling salts so you do n't faint during the most important moments .
6 . SAFE . Lock your credit card in the safe and throw away your key , so you wo n't give in to the urge to run out and buy a year 's worth of cosmetic products when you see brand ambassador Song Hye-kyo 's amazing skin glowing on screen .
7 . PHONE COVER . You know you or your boyfriend will want to try Song Joong-ki 's phone-flip . Phones are expensive , and not everyone has Song 's dexterity .
8 . WEIBO . Do n't worry if you are not nearly as good-looking as even the extras on Descendants Of The Sun . Just take a pause and look at photos on Weibo and other social media once in a while to remind yourself that there are always less attractive people out there .
Everyone wants to head home with the perfect collection of holiday pictures , but more often than not that is impossible .
Places such as the Taj Mahal and the Eiffel Tour get millions of visitors every year , making them some of the busiest spots in the world .
So , unless you are willing to wake up at 3am , the likelihood is that any picture taken at a famous monument will also have a large number of tourists milling about in the background .
But a new piece of technology promises to make these problems a thing of the past .
'Monument Mode ' is a new software development that uses an algorithm to distinguish moving objects from fixed ones .
To make it work , a camera in Monument Mode is pointed at a landmark , even in a busy street , for a short period of time to record several seconds of footage from a fixed point .
The technology then analyses the live camera feed and removes the moving objects , giving a clean shot of just the subject and the monument .
This enables the average person to remove pesky cars and tourists from their images in a similar way to professional photographers , who have been able to do this using Photoshop for years .
Monument Mode was demonstrated by Adobe at the company 's Max Creativity Conference earlier this month .
The product is n't yet available to buy but it is expected to be a big hit as a mobile phone app , although some people have raised concerns about how effective it would be at many tourist attractions where visitors are often stationary when taking in a view .
It 's often hot in India . But the past 10 days have been exceptional , even for one of the hottest places on the planet . The highest temperature recorded on Wednesday reached 116.6 degrees Fahrenheit in the eastern states of Jharkhand and Odisha .
Commuters are n't just sweating and dizzy -- they ca n't drive because the roads are melting .
The pain and loss the heat has caused is devastating . More than 1,400 people have died .
One elderly man lost his 38-year-old son to heat stroke . The man had simply ventured out to buy his father 's medicine .
So what 's behind India 's heat , is it unusual and when will it end ?
What 's behind the heat ?
There are at least a couple things . Climate change is likely a factor , according to Benjamin Cook , a research scientist with the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies . But it 's not possible without a lot of research to know exactly how much climate change is affecting conditions in India , he said .
India is experiencing Loo winds , hot and dry westerly gusts from Pakistan and northwest India which dries out the region , according to CNN meteorologist Monica Garrett . That means that air moisture , or dew point , is low . When a monsoon advances , and one is expected to hit as early as the end of this week , there is always more dry heat .
Is n't it hot in nearby countries ?
Neighboring Pakistan and Afghanistan are hot , with temperatures well past 100 degrees Fahrenheit , but India appears to be suffering far worse , due in part to its many densely populated areas .
About two-thirds of India 's 1.2 billion people have access to electricity . That would mean that in India alone about 400 million people do not have reliable access to air conditioning and refrigeration .
And India suffers because of geography . High mountains block cool air coming from the northeast , said Garrett .
Is a hotter future ahead ?
India is used to intense early summers . May is typically India 's hottest month with temps in some parts of the country hovering around 104 to 105 degrees . Heatwaves are common in India . Hundreds died in 2002 and 2003 as a result of the heat .
Studies suggest India is in for more rough summers . The southern part of the country , which has mostly escaped the buckling heat , is predicted to suffer more heat waves . Overall , more parts of India will suffer heat waves that last longer -- possibly 30 days .
When will the heat wave end ?
It 's possible that a monsoon could hit by the end of the week and bring relief . On Wednesday night , a light shower in Hyderabad brought some relief to millions who had been praying for rain .
In the meantime , water camps are open and commuters are doing their best to survive .
A trio of Chilean engineers say they have found a way to thwart determined thieves with what they claim is the world 's first 'unstealable bike . '
The design , called the Yerka , looks like an average bike , but the bottom tube of the frame can be split into two parts and wrapped around a pole . According its creators , the frame can be dismantled and reconnected to make a lock in just 10 seconds . Once the bike 's seat tube forms a lock , the only way to steal the bike would be to cut through it , destroying it in the process .
The Yerka is the creation of Cristóbal Cabello , 22 , Andrés Roi Eggers , 23 and Juan José Monsalve , 24 . The design was first announced in November , but last week , the team said they had put in their first order to produce 300 Yerkas .
While an investment of $ 100,000 from a state enterprise fund helped the project along , they raised most of their funds on crowdfunding site Indiegogo . The start-up sold the first 100 bikes for $ 400 then increased the price to $ 500 . In future it will rise to $ 600 , according to a CNN report .
While they call it the world 's first unstealable bike , critics have previously said the lock could be picked or the bike easily destroyed . Thieves might also be happy simply to get the handlebars or front wheel .
But the team say that if they were n't working on something as revolutionary as this , they would have their critics . They also add that the wheels have anti-theft nuts that can only be opened with a special key .
The designers are now working on an app that will let users open up their bike using the smartphone .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will spend upwards of £370 on Prince George 's school uniform when he enters reception in September , MailOnline can reveal .
The third-in-line to the throne is due to start at Thomas 's Battersea , a £6,000-a-term co-ed school just 20 minutes from Kensington Palace .
And the youngster , who turns four in July , will be decked out in an eye-wateringly long list of essentials including a cagoule bearing the school 's crest , a £30 art smock and ballet shoes .
According to Thomas 's website , boys in reception will need a £36 navy jacket , a £35 jersey and navy Bermudas to kick off the winter term .
In summer , male pupils can switch their jumper for a short-sleeved shirt and white sun hat - all available from John Lewis .
Youngsters will also need to come prepared for messy arts and crafts sessions with a £30 art smock , and ballet shoes for dance lessons from the Royal Academy of Dance .
Altogether there are 24 essential and non-essential items on the list , totalling £368.40 , but parents may wish to double up on some of the pieces , such as jumpers , socks and shirts - bringing the overall cost even higher .
According to a report from the Department of Education , the average UK parent will spend around £210 on primary school uniform - meaning George 's kit comes in at just over 75 percent more .
Prince George will also have the chance to take part in the school ’ s exceptional arts , music and drama programme . It also has a flourishing sports department and encourages its pupils to learn outdoors too .
George 's £370 school uniform
Winter
1x Thomas ’ s navy jacket ( winter & amp ; summer ) : £36
1x Thomas ’ s navy v-neck jersey ( winter & amp ; summer ) : £25
2x Red polo necks : £10 each
1-2 x Navy Bermudas ( winter & amp ; summer ) : £23 each
2-3x Pairs of long red/navy regulation socks : £14 each
1x Pair of black polishable shoes ( laceless ; winter & amp ; summer ) : from £40
1x Pair of navy gloves ( optional ) : £7
1x Navy hat ( optional ) : £7
1x Navy scarf ( optional ) : from £7
Summer
2x Short sleeved light blue shirts : £22
3x Pairs of navy ankle socks : around £6
1x White sun hat ( or navy baseball cap ) : £6
Sports
1x Thomas ’ s navy tracksuit : £11 for joggers + £13 for sweatshirt
1x White t-shirt : £6 for two
1x House coloured t-shirt ( when house is known ) : £7
1x Pair of navy games/gym shorts : £3
2x Pairs of white sport socks : £4.50
1x Pair of trainers ( laceless not plimsolls ) : around £7
1x Thomas ’ s cagoule ( optional ) : £22
Art
1x Red art smock : £30
Accessories
1x Navy cloth gym/games bag : £9
1x Thomas ’ s rucksack ( size : Lower School ) : £13
Balletwear
1x Black ballet shoes : from £10.95
1x Ballet socks : £4.95
TOTAL : £368.40
Hairstyle fans know the fringe frames the face , but a new trend is allowing young women to wear their hearts in their bangs instead .
The fad has kicked off in South Korea , with young women and girls styling their fringe turning inwards to form upside down heart shapes .
Called hateu aapmuhri - literally 'heart-bangs hair ' - it 's thought to have been an influence on Kendall Jenner .
The celebrity shared an image on Instagram of her tumbling locks styled into hearts which broke last month 's record with 2.9 million likes .
But young Korean girls have taken the trend to new levels , according to Kotaku , styling their fringes and sharing pictures online .
Apparently it 's not an 'everyday ' style , more a viral attempt to have some fun with curling tongs , but these women look great with their fringes styled .
And thanks to the flurry of interest , young Korean men have been taking up the challenge too - with surprisingly effective results .
It remains to be seen if it 's something that UK posters will adopt online .
Business sense suggests you try to buy property at the lowest possible price , but that was not the case for one property in Sydney , Australia .
It was just bought by Chinese buyers for A $ 88,888,888.88 . The number eight is considered lucky in Chinese as it sounds like the word for `` prosperity '' .
That luck might come in handy - the deal comes just as Sydney was awarded the fourth spot on UBS 's global housing bubble index .
Sydney follows Vancouver , London and Stockholm in the ranking which seeks to identify the world 's most risky real estate markets .
The lucky price of A $ 88,88m bought 333 Kent Street in Sydney 's central business district .
Fortunately it 's not a triple four address , as four is pronounced similarly to the word `` death '' and so considered unlucky .
The offer was made by Chinese firm Bridge Capital and Australian iProsperity Group , who plan to turn the property into a residential building and hotel with a view of the Darling Harbour .
`` This is not the first time that Chinese buyers have chosen to offer a price that includes numbers that are considered lucky , '' Vince Kernahan of Colliers International , the real estate company handling the sale , told the BBC .
In this particular case , `` the buyer 's offer was very close to several other offers . They just chose these numbers for luck and as it turned out their luck was with them '' .
According to Swiss bank UBS , the housing market in Sydney `` has been overheating since the city became a target for Chinese investors several years ago '' .
The report said housing prices peaked in the second half of 2015 and since then been slightly corrected . But the growing demand from foreign investors has led to the residential market `` tripling in value over the last three years . ''
According to the UBS index , Sydney is followed by Munich , Hong Kong and San Francisco .
When photographs of South Korean president Moon Jae-in 's new bodyguard emerged at the weekend , they sent social media into meltdown .
The chiselled , Hollywood good looks of 35-year-old Choi Young-jae have sparked jokes that he needs his own bodyguard to keep adoring fans at bay while he keeps the president safe .
`` Netizens wittily suggest that President Moon Jae-in has hired 'good-looking ' professionals ... as the attractive public face of the new administration , '' observed journalist Eom Da-sol in an article for the Korea Times .
`` The first person responsible for the suggestion is Moon himself . Photos of the handsome younger Moon went viral on social media when his campaign camp first released them in 2012 . One person commented : 'He will be the first handsome president of South Korea ' . ''
The cluster of good looking people President Moon has surrounded himself with has been variously dubbed `` the handsome brigade '' and the `` reign of beauty '' .
Im Jong-seok , the new chief of staff at the presidential residence , whose popularity with the opposite sex can be traced back to his college days .
Former classmates say Im was quite the heartthrob at Hanyang University , so much so that when he ran for campus president , female students would steal so many of his campaign posters that he was forced to have hundreds more copies printed .
New senior presidential civil affairs secretary Cho Kuk is also part of the `` handsome brigade '' .
Years ago , during his days as a law professor at the Seoul National University , Cho was constantly fending off besotted students , who would leave him unsolicited gifts .
`` I felt uncomfortable about my popularity when I was an undergraduate student , '' he told the Busan Daily in 2012 .
`` Dairy drinks or chocolate snacks were piled on my school library seat almost every day . ''
After photographs of the bodyguard sent social media into meltdown all over the world at the weekend , President Moon 's office issued a public statement .
It said Choi was a former officer with Korea 's Special Warfare Command before adding that he was `` unfortunately '' married with two daughters .
China military parade commemorates WW2 victory
China has held a lavish parade in Beijing to mark the defeat of Japan in World War Two , showcasing its military might on an unprecedented scale .
President Xi Jinping in his opening speech paid tribute to `` the Chinese people who unwaveringly fought hard and defeated aggression '' from Japan .
He also said the People 's Liberation Army would be reduced by 300,000 personnel , but gave no timeframe .
Is this the manicure of the future ?
A Korean woman has uploaded a video on her Facebook page of a nail design machine that , in a matter of seconds , appears to print an elaborate design on to a woman ’ s fingernail .
The video , which was uploaded by Hong Duong Le on July 13 , has since been shared nearly 660,000 times .
In the clip , a woman can be seen with her finger placed in the machine .
She used a touch screen to choose a design for her nail .
The machine then moves back and forth across her finger , creating a coloured flower design .
The whole process takes less than a minute .
A website promoting a similar Ezynail Art Machine said the nail art is done by digitally printing the design on to the fingernail .
The machine has more than 5,000 patterns to choose from , including movie stars , cartoons , flowers or a classic French manicure .
To get the perfect finish , the machine automatically detects the size of the nail and paints accordingly .
Nail art is a growing trend , with different designs seen on the runways at fashion week to the red carpet .
There have been bold colours , neutral pallets , metallics and elaborate designs .
English popstar Lily Allen is a fan of nail art , and is the leading the celebrity pack with jewel encrusted nails , Disney ’ s Frozen inspired designs and floral prints .
Other fans include Nicki Minaj , Rita Ora and Vanessa Hudgens , who channels her bohemian style though her nail art with Yin and Yang symbols and abstract designs .
While the idea of nail art machines seems futuristic , there are plenty of other vending-machine style devices that provide services on the go .
In China , there is a vending machine that sells live crabs and , in the US , there are vending machines for cupcakes , caviar and wine .
There is even an ATM that dispenses gold instead of cash .
A US-based professor , who was among the few prognosticators who had predicted Donald Trump ’ s victory , has made another stunning prediction that he will be eventually impeached by a Republican Congress and replaced by a leader who can be trusted and controlled .
Professor Allan Lichtman has predicted that if elected , Mr Trump ( 70 ) would eventually be impeached by a Republican Congress that would prefer a President like Mike Pence someone whom establishment Republicans know and trust , the Washington Post reported .
“ I ’ m going to make another prediction . This one is not based on a system ; it ’ s just my gut . They don ’ t want Trump as president , because they can ’ t control him . He ’ s unpredictable . They ’ d love to have Pence an absolutely down-the-line , conservative , controllable Republican , ” he said .
Meanwhile , an online petition that has been set up to demand that the Electoral College vote in favour of Hillary Clinton has gathered three million signatures , the Express .co.uk reported .
The Electoral college will have to cast their votes to cement Mr Trump ’ s presidency . It is set to meet on December 19 . Should an elector vote against the will of the people — i.e . go ‘ faithless ’ — then it could have a huge sway on who becomes the next US leader .
The petition created by Elijah Berg states : “ Mr Trump is unfit to serve . His scapegoating of so many Americans , and his impulsivity , bullying , lying , admitted history of sexual assault , and utter lack of experience make him a danger to the Republic . ”
1 . Charlotte 's Web by E.B . White
This is part of the national curriculum in many schools around the world , so it 's quite possible this book will also come up in conversation . You can almost guarantee that the majority of native English speakers have read this book at least once .
A baby pig called Wilbur is almost killed because of his status – he is the smallest pig that was born and he is considered to be useless and of no value . Charlotte , the spider , knows that the farmers are planning to kill Wilbur . She promises to make a plan to save his life . The farmers are surprised the next day when they see the words `` some pig '' written in the web Charlotte has made . Wilbur is sad when Charlotte disappears . But in the end , her baby spiders turn out to be great company for the pig . They continue to protect each other and the story ends well .
2 . Mieko and the Fifth Treasure by Eleanor Coerr
This book is not really so famous , but it is on the recommended book list . What 's great about `` Mieko and the Fifth Treasure '' is that it 's short . At only 77 pages long , this will be an easy read . Again this book is aimed at young native English speakers , so if you 're learning English , the level wo n't be so difficult . This book will keep you interested as you 'll learn many interesting things about Japan and its culture .
This is an emotional story about Mieko . Mieko is a talented artist and calligrapher . Her hand is badly hurt during the bombings of the war . The scared little girl is sent to live with her grandparents in the countryside where it is safer . Mieko is worried and afraid that she 's lost her 5th treasure – the `` beauty in her heart . '' This treasure is the key to her happiness and her beautiful art . Mieko starts a new school . Her new classmates are mean . They constantly laugh at her and tease her which just makes her angrier . Her grandparents eventually manage to lift her darkness through their patience and wisdom .
3 . The Outsiders by S.E . Hinton
This short novel is perfect for English learners . It has modern themes and typical teenage issues that people around the world have experienced . There are very few cultural notes in this , which means you do n't need much background information . The sentences are short and easy to understand . The vocabulary is also very easy . You should be able to read this book without difficulty .
Ponyboy Curtis is one of the main characters in the novel . He is a part of a gang of teenagers called the Greasers . They meet up with the rival gang and the fight begins . One of the enemies is killed . Ponyboy is really scared . They hide in a church and try to hide their appearance by dyeing their hair . A number of different fights break out between the two gangs . Eventually Ponyboy wakes up in the hospital . A trial is set in the courtroom and the judge has to decide Ponyboy 's fate . Is he guilty or not guilty ?
After Daniel Wu graduated from the University of Oregon in 1997 , he traveled around Hong Kong for three months on a limited budget . Close to the end of his trip , he was in a bar when he was randomly approached to be in a TV commercial . He said yes and it changed his life .
“ What I had planned for myself in life is not what it ended up being , ” Wu recently told Speakeasy from Los Angeles .
Sixty-plus films later , Wu is a big movie star in Hong Kong and Chinese mainland . He ’ s done romantic comedies , action thrillers , art-house films and martial arts films . And now , starting this Sunday , Wu will star in his first American TV series , AMC ’ s new dystopian Kung Fu show “ Into the Badlands. ” He originally signed on to be an executive producer but like his fateful trip to that bar nearly two decades ago , things ended up changing . “ I ’ m not a spring chicken any more , ” he says . “ I had my peak and [ AMC was ] asking me to come back out of retirement . ”
Wu became interested in martial arts after his grandfather took him to see a Jet Li ’ s first movie,1982 ’ s “ The Shaolin Temple. ” It was a hard sell to get his mother on board , but eventually she came around and he got an instructor . “ I was a hyperactive kid and my mom thought I was going to get into school yard fights if I learned a couple moves . ”
In “ Into the Badlands , ” Wu plays Sunny , a hitman of sorts who has no problem killing for his master . It ’ s a world where no guns exist and there ’ s a distinct caste system . The feel is dark and gloomy , with an element of fantasy thrown into the mix . Sunny continues the anti-hero path that many characters in AMC shows take , but with a twist . Instead of going from good guy to bad guy , it ’ s the opposite . “ The series is about him coming out of this darkness , ” Wu says .
Part of Wu ’ s concern about signing on as the lead actor stems from the show ’ s intense fight scenes . In a kung fu movie , it can take weeks to shoot one fight scene . “ Into theBadlands ” had to turn around an episode in eight days , fight scenes included . The first season is just six episodes and 12 fights . Wu is in 11 .
Training for “ Into the Badlands ” was intense . He started six months prior to shooting , doing lots of yoga to keep limber and flexible . He ran a lot , too , and had to learn how to fight with two swords .
The show also had two shooting units operating at the same time , which is a bit unusual . One was for the dramatic scenes and one for the fight scenes . Wu was often doubling up on days , going to both shoots . “ In my 20s , it was easy , ” he says . “ In your 40s , it ’ s a lot more challenging . You have to look at it like you ’ re an actor but you ’ re also a professional athlete . You have to train . ”
AMC decided to get into the kung fu genre to fill a void in the TV landscape . “ The challenge was doing something true to the genre , ” says Joel Stillerman , president of original programming at the network . “ There ’ s a very simple style of storytelling [ in classic Kung-fu films ] . We tried to embrace that . ”
Wu thinks “ Into the Badlands ” stays true to the kung fu genre while also pushing it forward . He didn ’ t want to do a reboot of something , and he hopes the storylines and characters resonate more with the audience than the cool action sequences do .
“ It can ’ t be just a martial arts show , ” he says . “ That ’ s a very narrow niche . Just like what ‘ The Walking Dead ’ did for the zombie genre , you have to elevate it to another level so an audience can get into it . It ’ s not zombies chomping on people . We ’ ve seen that since the ‘ 60s . It ’ s the same thing with us . We ’ re trying to create a really compelling story , around the martial arts . ”
Plenty of us turn to takeout when we 're feeling too sick to cook . But a Belfast woman 's order has gone viral after she asked for a side order of medicine with her food .
Feeley 's Fish & amp ; Chip Shop received the unusual request from Fiona Cuffe on December 30 . In the `` 'additional comments '' section , she 'd written , `` Will you please stop in Spar on the way and get me Benylin cold & amp ; flu tablets and I 'll give you the money , only ordering food so I can get the tablets I 'm dying sick xx . ''
Feeley 's shared a photo of the receipt on Facebook with the caption `` Words absolutely fail me . '' Despite being taken aback , the restaurant fulfilled the order -- and posted a picture of the much-needed flu pills before delivering them .
The original photo has been shared nearly 3,000 times on Facebook , with many commenters from around the world praising Feeley 's customer service . Even Fiona 's father John posted his thanks .
The restaurant 's social media manager , Daniel Casey , told CNN they were `` shocked to see such a strange request -- but I admired her skill to get what she needed ! ''
`` And she stated she was dying , so of course we were happy to help .
`` We operate in a small community and the customer in question has used us several times before , '' he said . `` She was delighted at receiving the medicine and we wish her a speedy recovery -- our customers are the lifeblood of our business , and we will always do what we can for them . ''
And just in case Fiona 's medicine did n't perk her up , Feeley 's even offered to send her a free meal when she 's feeling better .
Be careful if you 're planning to take any 'selfies ' in front of iconic monuments this summer . A new EU law banning the posting of photographs on social media sites containing public buildings could be in force by next week .
The craze for tourists to take selfies in front of landmarks is on the rise , with an estimated one million taken every day around the world . While the law is aimed at commercial photographers , there are fears ordinary holidaymakers could be prosecuted and face a fine or even a jail sentence .
The rise of social media has spawned a raft of tourists for whom the ability to instantly publicise their trip is as important as the experience itself . The Eiffel Tower is the most popular spot in the world to take a selfie , ahead of Disney World in Orlando , Florida and the world 's tallest building – the Burj Khalifa – in Dubai , according to tourist attraction site AttractionTix , which analysed social media to find mentions of travel hotspots alongside the world selfie . Big Ben is in fourth place , followed by the Empire State Building in New York , Gaudi ’ s iconic Sagrada Familia cathedral in Barcelona and then Disneyland Paris . Rome 's Colosseum , the Rockefeller Centre in New York and London Bridge were also in the top ten 'selfie spots ' .
As the new Foreign Secretary , Boris Johnson is not only in charge of relations with other countries around the world but his department 's cat Palmerston .
But while Mr Johnson has for the time being decided not to run for Number 10 Downing Street , his mouser decided to make a dash for power before being shown the door by security .
Palmerston was adopted by the Foreign and Commonwealth Office earlier this year from Battersea Cats and Dogs Home to keep the mice at bay around the Whitehall building .
And while out wandering this afternoon , Palmerston took the opportunity to try and sneak past the famous door of Number 10 and into the new home of Prime Minister Theresa May .
But the black and white cat was spotted by a security guard who quickly grabbed him and unceremoniously dumped him outside on the pavement .
Palmerston then came face to face with arch enemy Larry , the Downing Street cat , and the pair had a small stand-off before he wandered back home .
However , the encounter is not the first time Palmerston and Larry have squared up in the corridors of power .
Last month , the pair were caught brawling and screeching at each other in Downing Street in a vicious fight .
The brawl saw Larry sustain an injured paw but after licking his wounds he was soon back on the prowl in Downing Street .
Larry arrived at Number 10 in 2011 , also from Battersea Cats and Dogs Home , and former Prime Minister David Cameron welcomed the cat 's arrival at the time , and said he would make a 'great addition ' to the Number 10 team .
Theresa May has confirmed that Larry will be staying in Downing Street now she is Prime Minister .
Meanwhile Palmerston was adopted by the Foreign Office in April after they too needed to a cat to keep mice and rats at bay .
He was named after the former Foreign Minister and Prime Minister Lord Palmerston .
After a dramatic reveal involving a giant melting block of ice , it 's now been confirmed that season seven of Game of Thrones will premiere on 16 July .
The hit HBO series , which is set to end after season eight , has also been teased via a brief new trailer with dragon graphics and selected lines of dialogue .
Unlike previous 10-episode seasons , the seventh will consist of just seven installments and will be a combination of original stories and elements from creator George RR Martin 's eagerly awaited novels The Winds of Winter and A Dream of Spring .
Details are scarce , but star Emilia Clarke has teased that there will be “ another battle that 's epic ” to follow on from the Battle of the Bastards .
Showrunner David Benioff has also spoken about the show heading towards its conclusion after the eighth season and what viewers can expect . “ The pieces are on the board now , ” he said last year . “ Some of the pieces have been removed from the board and we are heading toward the endgame . The thing that has excited us from the beginning , back to the way we pitched it to HBO is , it 's not supposed to be an ongoing show , where every season it 's trying to figure out new storylines . We wanted it to be one giant story , without padding it out to add an extra 10 hours , or because people are still watching it . We wanted to do something where , if people watched it end to end , it would make sense as one continuous story . We 're definitely heading into the endgame now . ”
The new season will reunite surviving cast members but also introduce Oscar winner Jim Broadbent . “ I 'm a maester , an archmaester , ” he said of his role . “ I 'm an old professor character . ”
Once the series concludes , there 's already speculation that it might lead to a spin-off . Last year , HBO 's programming president , Casey Bloys , spoke to Entertainment Weekly about the possibility . “ It 's such a big property we would be foolish not to explore it , but it 's a pretty high bar , ” he said . “ We 'll take some shots at it . I 'm not going to do it just to do it . It has to feel very special . I would rather have no sequel and leave it as it is than have something we rushed out . ”
Britain 's Daily Mail newspaper on Wednesday apologised to US First Lady Melania Trump and agreed to pay her damages over an article that included allegations that she worked as an escort in the 1990s .
`` The defendant is here today publicly to set the record straight , and to apologise to the claimant for any distress and embarrassment that the articles may have caused her , '' Catrin Evans , the lawyer for Associated Newspapers , publisher of the Daily Mail and MailOnline , told the High Court in London .
Although the total amount of damages was not disclosed , Trump will be paid about $ 2.9 million in damages and costs , according to a source familiar with the settlement .
John Kelly , Melania Trump 's lawyer , said the article in the Daily Mail -- Britain 's second biggest-selling newspaper -- in print and online in August last year `` included false and defamatory claims '' .
The allegations `` questioned the nature of her work as a professional model , and republished allegations that she provided services beyond simply modelling , '' Kelly said .
The article stated that there was no support for the allegations and provided denials from her spokesperson and from Paolo Zampolli , who ran the modelling agency where she worked .
But the allegations `` strike at the heart of the claimant 's personal integrity and dignity , '' Kelly added .
Trump 's lawyers launched a lawsuit against the Daily Mail in September in New York , asking for $ 150 million in damages .
The paper had already published a retraction in September , saying it `` did not intend to state or suggest that these allegations are true '' .
In documents filed in February , the US first lady said that because of the Daily Mail 's allegations she and her brand had missed out on `` multiple millions of dollars '' in licensing , marketing and endorsement opportunities .
An article in the magazine Phoenix Weekly on what Beijing people look for in China 's `` marriage markets '' often arranged in parks has caught people 's attention .
It is customary for some elderly relatives to meet in parks around China and to help their sons and daughters find matches . The piece interviews parents about what their children require in a match and some of the answers are very specific .
`` No people whose Chinese Zodiac is a sheep , '' says one . Those born in the year of the sheep are frowned upon by matchmakers , as they are perceived as meaning a lifetime of bad luck .
One woman with the surname Li , advertising her 33-year-old son in a Beijing park , says her son `` will not consider someone who does not have a Beijing hukou . '' A Hukou is a household registration document .
Phoenix Weekly said parents seeking matches for children from outside of Beijing encountered great difficulty in the city 's markets .
Thousands of users are commenting about the story and say they feel sorry for those born in the year of the sheep , and question the snobbishness of Beijing people .
`` My mother is a sheep , my girlfriend is also a sheep ... this superstition is nonsense , sheep have the best temperament , '' writes one user .
One single man joked : `` I am a cow , you can come and eat grass with me . ''
There are long-standing tensions around the perception that inhabitants of the capital city are generally favored over those from the regions .
`` What 's up with the Beijing people ? Are they on a higher plane ? '' one user asks . Another says `` this is very snobbish . ''
It has been some week for The Simpsons .
First , they received international acclaim for forecasting Donald Trump 's election victory , then they were nominated for a Critics Choice award , and now the University of Glasgow has launched a philosophy course based on the musings of Homer Simpson .
The Simpsons is one of the modern world 's greatest cultural artefacts , partly because it is so full of philosophy , according to the course description .
Since it first aired in 1989 , The Simpsons has never been afraid to touch on the key issues of the day .
Politics , family , relationships , parenting , religion , education - you name it , they 've done it .
And any glance at Homers greatest quotes shows that the cartoons main man has a view on everything from gender equality to fatherhood .
In light of this , what can we learn from his pearls of wisdom ?
What can he teach us about life ?
Through the medium of Homers idiocy , The Simpsons has shone a light on some of the most pressing societal issues in the modern world , such as ...
Loneliness among the elderly
The problem : More than a quarter of people over 65 who live alone are lonely , while it was revealed in 2014 that Britain is the loneliness capital of Europe - with people here less likely to know their neighbours or have strong friendships than people anywhere else in Europe .
Homer says :
Old people do n't need companionship . They need to be isolated and studied so it can be determined what nutrients they have that might be extracted for our personal use .
Being a man
The problem : There is a `` crisis in modern masculinity '' , with men failing to cope with personal and professional pressures , according to a report by mental health charity CALM .
Phrases like `` man up '' are commonplace , damaging and can blur our understanding of masculinity and manhood .
Homer says :
“ The code of the schoolyard , Marge ! The rules that teach a boy to be a man . Let ’ s see . Don ’ t tattle . Always make fun of those different from you . Never say anything , unless you ’ re sure everyone feels exactly the same way you do . ”
Coping with pressure
The problem :
Research from mental health charity Mind found that four in five 18 to 34-year-old men put on a brave face when they are anxious .
Repressing those feelings wo n't help anyone .
Homer says :
Just squeeze your rage up into a bitter little ball and release it at an appropriate time , like that day I hit the referee with the whisky bottle .
Young people
The problem :
A controversial one , this , but there is no denying that many young people feel that the future they wanted has been prevented by older generations .
Not only was there the referendum vote to leave the EU , but also claims of inter-generational unfairness prompted by fears that the younger people are essentially getting turned over by a system that favours older people .
Homer says :
I believe that children are our future . Unless we stop them now .
Diversity
The problem : Hate crimes against ethnic minorities in the UK leapt by more than 40 percent in the month following the EU referendum .
Homer says :
Just blame it on the guy who does n't speak English .
I 'm a white male , age 18 to 49 . Everyone listens to me , no matter how dumb my suggestions are .
Politics
The problem : We are so far beyond telling the truth in politics that Oxford Dictionaries has announced a joint US-UK word of the year : post-truth .
The word , which follows in the wake of Brexit and Trumps victory , is defined as relating to or denoting circumstances in which objective facts are less influential in shaping public opinion than appeals to emotion and personal belief .
Homer says :
People can come up with statistics to prove anything .
Fourteen percent of all people know that .
Working life
The problem : It was warned last year that a slump in productivity over the summer months could cost the private sector 8bn each year .
The price of laziness is not to be sniffed at .
Homer says :
Lisa , if you do n't like your job do n't strike . Just go in every day and do it really half-assed .
`` I want to share something with you - the three little sentences that will get you through life .
Number one : Cover for me .
Number two : Oh , good idea , boss !
Number three : It was like that when I got here .
Fatherhood
The problem : Piling pressure on children can be both debilitating and damaging .
Two years ago the Lancashire FA launched an initiative that urged parents to not shout or communicate with their children while they were playing football , with welfare officer Neil Yates saying he recently watched an under-nine game where a child was reduced to tears by baying parents .
When sporting success can be a ticket to riches and a new life for the entire family , it 's no surprise that the pressure can become a little overbearing ( just watch the American documentary Trophy Kids ) , but quite clearly this is not going to help the poor child .
Indeed , a 2014 study by researchers at the University of Colorado showed that making children take part in structured activities like football training or music practice hinders their ability to set and reach goals .
Homer says :
OK , son . Just remember to have fun out there today . And if you lose , I 'll kill you .
Marriage
The problem : Figures released earlier this month showed that women do 60 percent more unpaid household work than men .
Women still spend twice as much time in the kitchen as men , and around two hours more per week on laundry , despite the rise of the supposed `` new man '' .
Homer says :
`` Marge , I 'm going to miss you so much . And it 's not just the sex . It 's also the food preparation . ''
Donald Trump said during the third and final presidential debate on Wednesday that he may not accept the outcome of the November 8 election if it does n't go his way .
'I will tell you at the time . I will keep you in suspense , ' Trump told Fox News Channel anchor Chris Wallace after he was pressed to declare that he would concede to Hillary Clinton if he loses .
Trump , who did n't shake Clinton 's hand after the debate , revived charges that the election is 'rigged ' in her favor by 'dishonest ' reporters – and doubled down on allegations that voter fraud could run rampant .
He said 'millions ' of people are on voter rolls 'who should n't be registered . ' News reports and independent investigations have found deceased Americans with active registrations , along with illegal immigrants who use driver 's licenses to obtain ballots .
'That 's horrifying , ' Clinton responded , aghast at the idea of a presidential candidate questioning an election 's validity .
The back-and-forth was part of a 90-minute mini-feud that covered abortion , gun rights , the Supreme Court , allegations of graft in the Clinton-led State Department , and sexual misconduct accusations lodged against Trump .
But the line of argument that riled Clinton the most was the suggestion that she might find herself with an asterisk next to her name if she wins an Electoral College victory .
The Democratic nominee blasted her Republican rival with a claim that his fallback position has always been to say a process is rife with bias when he does n't come out on top .
She recalled his charges of 'rigged ' outcomes in the 2016 Iowa Caucuses , and of rulings in a lawsuit targeting his defunct Trump University seminar series .
The former reality TV star even claimed the Emmys were rigged when his television show lost three years in a row , Clinton claimed .
From Princess Diana 's meringue to Kate Middleton 's elegant lace number , everyone has their ideal wedding dress .
So it is no surprise that a video charting 100 years of bridal fashion has sparked admiration and disgust in equal measure .
The clip filmed by Mode.com , shows model Lolly Howie trying on an array of gowns dating from 1915 to 2015 , to demonstrate just how fashion comes full circle .
The 1915 one , with its long veil , high sheer neck and short sleeves , is not too dissimilar from the modern lacy number .
In between the hem lines get shorter , and then dramatically longer , and the veils appear and disappear , until it culminates in the truly hideous train and puff ball sleeves of the 1985 offering .
On the way , there is the elegant dropped waist of the 1925 dress that could have been worn by a flapper , while the 1975 number breathes hippy chick .
The video has been watched more than 3,780,000 times on YouTube with people arguing about which decade is best .
But the message of the video is one that everyone can agree on - Love is never out of fashion .
But which would you wear to your special day ?
As Wonder Woman , Gal Gadot can do anything - apart from getting people to pronounce her name correctly .
You 've probably been calling her Gal Gah-dote or Gal Gah-doh all this time . Or maybe you 're not at all sure and have been mumbling her surname , hoping no one will notice .
But the Israeli actress recently cleared up the confusion by telling Jimmy Kimmel it 's actually pronounced Gal Gad-dott .
She 's not the only one who 's struggled with name issues . Here are a few other famous faces whose name you may have been saying wrong .
Twenty years ago , no one had heard of Harry Potter author JK Rowling . But with great fame comes great name mispronunciation .
Is it Roe-ling or Rowl-ling ? The author once corrected an interviewer saying : `` It 's Rolling - as in Stone . ''
Mamma Mia ! star Amanda Seyfried is constantly correcting people on how to say her name .
Sieg-freed , Sigh-freed , Sieg-fred and Say-freed have all been said to her face , and every time she cringes .
She cleared it up once and for all in a 2012 interview - it 's Sigh-fred .
Everyone knows it 's Scor-say-zee , right ? Wrong . It 's Scor-sess-see .
The director says so himself in the fifth series of Entourage .
Last year Barbra Streisand made headlines after she complained to Apple boss Tim Cook about the way Siri says her name .
How is that ? Well , it 's pretty much the way everyone pronounces it : Strei-zand .
`` She pronounces my name wrong , '' the singer told NPR . `` Streisand with a soft S , like sand on the beach . ''
So that 's Strei-sand to you and me .
Shia LaBeouf famously wore a paper bag on his head at the Berlin Film Festival in 2014 , saying he was n't famous anymore .
But in talking about the incident , people were forced to say his name - which was a little tricky for some .
He 's Shy-a La-Buf , not Shee-ya La Boof .
The South African actress has had a rough time getting people to say her surname right .
It 's not Ther-on or Ther-own ( rhymes with Throne ) - she goes by Ther-in .
To make things even more confusing , that 's not even her actual name either . In Afrikaans , it 's pronounced Shar-leeze Thrawn , but she 's opted for Ther-in as she thinks it 's easier to say .
Here she is telling Piers Morgan how to say it properly .
Simpsons creator Matt Groening has one of those names whose spelling instantly flummoxes you .
But it 's not Groan-ing or Green-ing - it 's Gray-ning .
If you 've merrily been living your life calling her Susan Sarun-dun you 're wrong .
The Oscar winner once helpfully explained to interviewers how to pronounce her name : `` It 's Sa-ran-don - rhymes with abandon . ''
As parts of China continue to be engulfed by choking smog , many are turning to traditional Chinese medicine to combat the pollution 's effect on their health .
One practice that has gained popularity is drinking `` anti-smog '' tea , which some believe can `` clean '' their lungs .
But a leading Chinese medicine practitioner has sought to dispel this myth , saying it is ineffective .
`` Anti-smog '' teas have become more widely available in Chinese medicine shops , pharmacies and online sites .
There are different recipes , but they generally are made up of Chinese herbs such as dried flowers and roots .
The practice stems from the Chinese medicinal belief that drinking certain concoctions can boost one 's health and rid the body of impurities .
A 2015 report by Beijing Morning Post noted that several pharmacies in the capital were selling `` lung-cleansing teas to combat smog '' .
On popular online marketplace Taobao , `` anti-smog '' teas can be bought for 20 yuan per packet and one listing claims that its combination of seven ingredients including dried chrysanthemums and honeysuckle can `` boost lungs and moisten throats '' , and `` combat the smog '' .
But in a recent report by state broadcaster CCTV , Liu Qingquan , president of the Beijing Hospital of Traditional Chinese Medicine , said such teas were `` unreliable '' .
He noted , that the digestive and respiratory systems were separate , and that many teas contained ingredients which `` may cause health problems if taken for a long time . ''
What would help instead , Mr Liu added , was maintaining a healthy diet and boosting one 's immune system .
The same report also quoted officials from China 's communicable disease centre as saying that using air purifiers and wearing masks were more effective in combating the smog .
A new photograph of Princess Charlotte , taken by her mother the Duchess of Cambridge , has been released to celebrate her second birthday .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge said they are `` delighted '' to share the photograph to mark their only daughter 's special day on Tuesday .
The photograph was taken in April by the Duchess at their home in Norfolk .
She is pictured at their Norfolk home Anmer Hall , wearing a yellow cardigan , decorated with images of sheep , while she sports a navy clip in her hair .
The Cambridges have followed a trend they set with their daughter 's first birthday and given royal fans a new image of the toddler princess .
In a statement Kensington Palace said : `` The Duke and Duchess are very pleased to share this photograph as they celebrate Princess Charlotte 's second birthday .
`` Their Royal Highnesses would like to thank everyone for all of the lovely messages they have received , and hope that everyone enjoys this photograph of Princess Charlotte as much as they do . ''
The latest picture of Princess Charlotte will be all the more precious to admirers of the Royal family thanks to the scarcity of her public appearances .
Princess Charlotte has only appeared or been photographed at public engagements a handful of times , including a charming tea party in Canada last year where the world watched as she played with animals and balloons .
She made an appearance on Christmas Day when she was taken to a church service close to the home of her grandparents Carole and Michael Middleton in the Berkshire village of Bucklebury .
She was pictured in the arms of the Duchess when the royal party arrived at St Mark 's Church in Englefield , with older brother Prince George holding the Duke 's hand as they walked in . When they left , the royal children were clutching candy canes .
The young royal was first photographed on the day of her birth - May 2 , 2015 - when the Duchess held her daughter outside the private maternity wing of St Mary 's hospital in Paddington , central London , where the princess was delivered .
She was named Charlotte Elizabeth Diana in tribute to her grandmother Diana , Princess of Wales and her great-grandmother the Queen .
The personal birthday photograph has become something of a Cambridge family tradition .
For Princess Charlotte 's first birthday , Kensington Palace released four pictures taken by her mother , the Duchess of Cambridge .
They revealed the little girl was already walking , as she leaned on a toy trolley full of colourful bricks on one shot , beaming with delight at her toy teddy in another .
Prince George 's second birthday saw photographs of the lively toddler in his father 's arms , taken by Mario Testino .
Her second birthday marks the beginning of a busy month for the toddler , who is due to act as bridesmaid for her aunt , Pippa Middleton , on May 20 .
The wedding , in the Middleton 's home of Bucklebury , will see Prince George take on page boy duties as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge support them from the pews .
A growing market in online sales of often contaminated human breast milk – fuelled in part by bodybuilders and adults with a baby fetish – poses a serious risk to public health , according to experts .
Researchers from the University of London ’ s school of medicine and dentistry were so alarmed by their initial findings that they wrote an editorial in the British Medical Journal to warn of the dangers of buying breast milk online before their study was completed . The editorial says breast milk sold online should be screened for diseases such as hepatitis , HIV and syphilis .
Lead author Dr Sarah Steele said she feared that babies would die from unscreened milk sold online if the market was not regulated . In one of the studies she cited , more than 90 % of breast milk purchased online was found to have bacterial growth . Some of the sellers interviewed included intravenous drug users .
Unregulated websites selling breast milk attract tens of thousand of users in theUS , the research found . One site reported growing by 800 users each month . It also reported an emerging market in theUKon specialist sites as well as general retail sites including Gumtree and Craigslist . Premium prices of up $ 4 ( £2.70 ) per fluid ounce ( 30ml ) are offered by mothers who purport to eat only organic or vegan food , or can boast having “ fat , chubby babies ” , the researchers found .
The online market caters primarily for mothers who are unable to breastfeed their babies , serving as a cheaper alternative to regulated milk banks , where the milk is always pasteurised . But consumers also include cancer patients who believe breast milk has health benefits and gym enthusiasts who believe breast milk is a natural superfood . A third group of adult consumers are fetishists “ who like to be fed like a baby , either from source or from a bottle ” , according to Steele .
Steele explained the dangers : “ When sellers freeze milk and send it in the mail it thaws out . That ’ s when bacteria has time to grow and become really dangerous , especially for infants . ”
Steele said the health benefits for adults of drinking breast milk were unproven . “ Human breast milk doesn ’ t really have that many advantages for adults , ” she said . “ It is certainly not what you need in the context of bodybuilding and cross-fit , as a post-workout recovery drink . ”
She pointed out that consuming breast milk was regularly discussed on mainstream online bodybuilding forums .
The paper concludes : “ Although breast milk holds many known benefits , seeking out another ’ s milk rather than turning to instant formula poses risks . When breast milk is screened and treated appropriately , as the World Health Organisation states , it remains second to a mother ’ s own milk as best for infant feeding . At present , milk bought online is a far from ideal alternative , exposing infants and other consumers to microbiological and chemical agents . Urgent action is required to make this market safer . ”
Flight attendants just got more stylish .
Harking back to the golden age of flying , when hopping on board a plane was a truly glamorous pursuit , an airline in China has just introduced haute couture-style uniforms for its staff .
Hainan Airlines hooked up with designer Laurence Xu to create a new , high-fashion look that takes its cabin crew to the next level .
The collection was launched at Paris Couture Week on July 4 , and takes inspiration from a traditional Chinese dress called a Cheongsam . Pieces also feature Chinese-influenced prints , such as the Roc – a mythical bird .
The looks are given a modern twist with Western additions , such as tailored coats and capes in muted grey and beret-style hats .
Xu wanted to combine `` classical , time-honored Oriental aesthetics and the silhouette of a modern Western suit ” for the Hainan collection .
“ The cooperation between Hainan Airlines and Lawrence Xu is industry leading , ” said Xu Fei , brand director of Hainan Airlines . “ We are not only creating a new uniform but also showing the internationalized image of our airline .
“ Especially on international routes , we would like to let passengers know that China is modern and trendy . ”
Despite the airline being Chinese , the campaign seems to feature almost exclusively Western models .
The collection is part of Hainan Airlines ’ bid to improve and expand . Currently China 's largest civilian-run airline , Hainan is looking to double the number of international flights taking off from China 's second-tier cities , according to Bloomberg .
It 's very graceful , elegant cut . I may have to make one .
I 'm suddenly interested in becoming a stewardess . love love love the looks！
Very pretty . It must be nice to be able to go to work looking like a goddness . Those coats are incredible and the dresses are very pretty too . The men look just as handsome as the women beautiful . It must be a wonderful place to work .
Daniel Craig has fuelled speculation he could quit James Bond - after signing up to a new TV role .
The 47-year-old star , who has played 007 in four movies since 2006 , has agreed to appear in upcoming US drama series Purity , according to reports .
The move is seen as latest indication that Craig is set to hang up his tuxedo , after recently claiming he wanted to walk away from the role that turned him into a global star .
In October , he said he ’ d rather “ slash his wrists ” than appear as Bond again any time soon .
However , he is still said to be contracted for one more film after agreeing a £31m two-picture deal following the success of 2012 hit Skyfall .
His last outing as the super-smooth spy came in Spectre , which was released last year and immediately broke box office records .
​A industry insider said : “ Daniel ’ s commitment to this project really makes his return as James Bond a serious doubt .
“ It is likely that the show may be still filming at Christmas . MGM had hoped to get the next Bond film on screen in 2017 with Daniel at the helm .
“ Daniel has left the year free so far to make Purity work , so out of the two productions it is clear that is where his head is at . ”
Craig made his first appearance as the super spy in Casino Royale in 2006 .
He has since become the highest-paid Bond actor ever , raking in $ 10.7m for 2012 ’ s Skyfall .
However , when asked if he would be appearing in another installment , he said : `` Now ? I ’ d rather … slash my wrists . ''
He added : “ I don ’ t know what the next step is . I ’ ve no idea .
`` If I did another Bond movie , it would only be for the money . ”
Betting is already underway on which actor will replace Craig .
Luther star Idris Elba has been a firm fan favorite , as well as sparking heated debate about whether there could ever be a black James Bond .
In June , bookies reported heavy betting on Wolf Hall and Homeland star Damian Lewis as the next 007 .
If chosen , he would be the first red-haired actor to play the spy role .
Others considered possible replacements for Craig include Richard Madden , Tom Hiddleston , Henry Cavill , Michael Fassbender and Tom Hardy .
When words fail - and they usually do - holidaymakers resort to hand gestures to communicate with locals in a country where they do n't speak the language .
But it can be a tricky endeavour as gestures that represent something innocent in one country could be offensive in another .
This helpful guide demonstrates 42 hand gestures that are common in 14 countries where visitors from abroad could run into a language barrier .
The infographic was created by Work the World , which helps health-care professionals and students find short-term placements abroad .
It said the gestures will come in handy for those who do n't know the country 's mother tongue or only know a few words or broken phrases but are intimidated when they communicate with locals .
In Italy , diners can tell their waiter or chef that their meal is 'delicious ' by running their finger into their cheek .
In Mexico - an increasingly popular destination for Britons - visitors who are unable to speak a lick of Spanish can hold up their arm with their palm towards their face to say 'thank you ' .
Around the world in 42 hand gestures
It 's great to learn to speak a whole new language for a trip abroad , but it can take a lot of time and efforts before you can converse easily . An easy approach to understanding the locals is to know the physical cues-especially considering 93 % of communication is non-verbal .
Brush up on your body language with this simple guide to some of the most common gestures from around the world .
Gesture : Run finger into your cheek .
Meaning : '' Delicious ! ''
Gesture : Cup your hands together as if trapping a bird . Wave them up and down .
Meaning : `` I can ’ t believe I ’ m hearing this ! What are you saying ? ! ''
Gesture : Swipe your upturned palm outwards from your chin .
Meaning : '' I don ’ t give a damn . ''
NASA scientists have discovered at least seven Earth-sized planets , each potentially capable of hosting life , orbiting a nearby star just outside the solar system .
The exciting discovery announced Wednesday has been deemed one of the first realistic opportunities to begin a search for alien life outside our system as well as the first time so many planets were discovered circling the same star .
“ This discovery could be a significant piece in the puzzle of finding habitable environments , places that are conducive to life . Answering the question 'are we alone ' is a top science priority and finding so many planets like these for the first time in the habitable zone is a remarkable step forward toward that goal , ” associate administrator of the agency 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington Thomas Zurbuchen said in a press release .
The cluster of planets orbit a dim dwarf star , just barely the size of Jupiter , called Trappist-1 . The group of planets are about 40 light years away which is n't actually all that far away from Earth . The close proximity will allow the system to be studied in great detail , according to the release .
Three of the planets or exoplanets as scientist call them , are receiving just the right amount of energy from the host star , meaning oceans of water could cover their surfaces . Scientists refer to the ideal zone just around the star as `` the habitable zone , '' sometimes jokingly called the `` Goldilocks Zone , '' as it is just right for supporting life .
The other three bodies farther off from the star could feature smaller bodies of water and the seventh could even boast a puddle or two under ideal conditions .
Based on their densities , all of the planets are believed to be rock , but scientists said they still need to study the atmospheres before determining whether or not the planets boast water and , ultimately , whether or not they could support any type of life form .
NASA 's space telescope Spitzer , an infrared telescope that trails the earth as it orbits the sun , revealed the new system .
`` This is the most exciting result I have seen in the 14 years of Spitzer operations , '' said Sean Carey , manager of NASA 's Spitzer Science Center at Caltech/IPAC . `` Spitzer will follow up in the fall to further refine our understand of these planets so that the James Webb Space Telescope can follow up . More observations of the system are sure to reveal more secrets . ''
Warner Bros. is working with BuzzFeed Motion Pictures to tell the true story of the internet phenomenon .
The Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons is set to topline Brother Orange , Warner Bros. and BuzzFeed Motion Pictures ’ big-screen telling of the internet phenomenon , The Hollywood Reporter has learned .
Parsons will play BuzzFeed editor Matt Stopera , who in 2014 had his iPhone stolen . Unbeknownst to him , the cellphone made its way to China and , a year later , random pictures began appearing on his photo stream , including a number of pictures of a serious-looking man in front of an orange tree .
The editor did a series of stories about the incident , and the story went viral in China , exploding on social platform Weibo with more than 20 million views in 24 hours and over 100 million total shares . There , the online community dubbed the man Li Hongjun ( `` Brother Orange '' ) and helped Stopera track him down . Stopera eventually sought out Hongjun in China , with both becoming overnight celebrities . Back in the US , the two appeared on Ellen .
The movie ’ s story follows an unlikely , accidental friendship that transcends cultural divides .
Stopera is executive producing Brother Orange alongside Broad City co-creator Ilana Glazer ( up until recently , the two were roommates ) , Ellen DeGeneres and Jeff Kleeman .
Parsons is now in his 10th ( 10th ! ! ! ) season on CBS ’ Big Bang Theory , playing lovable geek Sheldon , a role that has netted him four Emmy wins . His movie appearances have been on the rare side , but he will be seen in the upcoming period race drama Hidden Figures with Octavia Spencer and Kevin Costner .
An old-school movie star and , to say the least , not the world ’ s most consistent actor , Gere has still been unlucky not to enjoy even one Oscar moment ( where the likes of George Clooney have had a fistful ) . He ’ s not been far off lately with The Hoax and Arbitrage– it ’ ll come , maybe , when he finds his Wall Street .
Most robbed for : Actor , 1990 – Top Gere is his shadiest performance , as the vicious cop in Mike Figgis ’ s Internal Affairs .
Richard Gere in Internal Affairs
German police are searching for a cyclist who filmed a dying man after a road accident instead of going to his aid .
Police say the cyclist could be prosecuted for failing to assist the 29-year-old who had crashed his motorbike into a lamp post . He was later pronounced dead at the scene of the accident in Heidenheim near Ulm in southern Germany .
The cyclist , who is thought to be in his early 20s , filmed the aftermath of the accident on his mobile phone and continued to do so when an ambulance crew arrived . When medical staff complained that he was hampering their work , he refused to leave or stop filming . He fled just before police arrived .
Police said the case served to highlight the problem of “ gawpers ” , or “ gaffers ” as they are known in Germany , who slow down or stop their vehicles to film accidents on their phones , often publishing pictures or videos of them on social media .
In July , German rescue services said gawpers had impeded their access to victims of a bus crash in Bavaria and speculated that they may have reached them sooner had drivers , who were concentrated on capturing the scene on their mobile phones , not failed to open a corridor to allow their emergency vehicles through . Eighteen people died in the ensuing blaze .
The cyclist involved in Sunday night ’ s incident was caught on a motorist ’ s dash cam , and police are now trying to track the cyclist down using the footage .
Police said surveillance camera footage showed four people walking past or over him as he lay on the floor . The fourth person faces separate proceedings .
Only after about 20 minutes did another customer call emergency services . The man was taken to a hospital but died a few days later .
The Essen district court handed the defendants , a woman and two men , fines ranging from 2,400 to 3,600 euros .
The German psychologist Wolfgang Krüger said the “ gaffer ” phenomenon was nothing new , but had been given a new lease of life thanks to smartphones .
“ Sensation-seeking is the simplest way to bring a bit of excitement into one ’ s life , ” he told the Hamburger Morgenpost . The thrill factor is only heightened when photos or film footage are posted online , he said .
Pedestrians walking with their heads down , too busy looking at their phones to see the impending catastrophe awaiting them , have become the unwitting stars of a new awareness campaign - but not for the reasons they might think .
While their hilarious calamities , including one woman who walks straight into a bus stop and a man who falls into a pond , are laugh-out-loud funny , their care-free attitude to their own safety has been used to highlight the dangers of texting while driving .
In a campaign put forward by South Africa 's Western Cape Government , the short , and extremely powerful , video begins with circus music fitting to watching people run into things because they 're too busy texting . It 's hilarious .
But the video takes a sudden serious turn , pointing out that if one ca n't walk while texting , they probably should n't try driving either .
The video is running as part of the Western Cape Government 's traffic safety efforts and # ItCanwait campaign , aimed at spreading awareness of the dangers of texting while driving .
'No call or text is worth your life , ' the campaign states on its website , which equally notes the increase in traffic crashes caused by distracted driving , including cellphone use at the wheel .
Research conducted in 2009 by Pew Research Centre found that 26 percent of all American teens , ages 16 to 17 , were texting when driving , causing concern as most incidents of distracted driving occur in those belonging to younger age groups .
In 2015 , a report by the National Occupant Protection Use Survey echoed that , stating that handheld use was still the highest among 16-24-year-old drivers .
Laws to deter people from texting at the wheel have been implemented across the globe .
Earlier this year , Britain doubled penalties for those caught texting behind the wheel - fines of £200 and six points on a license now exist . Many have said the law does not go far enough .
The law , which came into effect on March 1 , also sees the license instantly revoked if violations are made by new drivers who have been on the road for under two years .
Just after the law had passed , a female motorist was caught taking selfies driving down a busy motorway in Birmingham .
Richard Browning , Director at Nextbase , the UK 's largest manufacturer of Dash Cams , had said : 'This is one of the most extreme cases of someone using their phone whilst driving that I 've ever seen . '
It is unknown whether the young motorist was convicted , but another video released near the same time shows why paying attention at the wheel is critical - one moment a young girl is singing to Adele , the next she 's in an accident where she later dies .
The woman was using Snapchat on her smartphone and even took the time to write the caption 'Boring drive , time for a tune ' .
The incident caused Derbyshire Police to start the campaign # Don'tStreamandDrive .
When the portion of the city where the library is located was liberated in January 2017 , volunteers entered the burned library to see if they could recover any of the collection .
The university library held 200,000 volumes prior to its destruction at the hands of ISIS .
They were able to recover about 2,000 books , including hundreds of rare books and manuscripts .
The original collection contained important materials , including historic maps and periodicals from the Ottoman era , and ancient Islamic manuscripts , including a ninth-century Quran .
Now that Iraq 's prime minister has declared the end of the caliphate , anonymous blogger Mosul Eye is continuing his crusade to rebuild the library 's collection . The blogger , who hides his identity to protect himself and his family , fled Mosul in 2016 but has continued to chronicle life in the city under ISIS .
`` Whenever I was in the university , I would spend most of my time at the library , '' he said . `` When I did n't like my professors ' lectures , I often went to the library to do research and study books on my own . ''
`` Because rebuilding the libraries and filling them back with books is one of the most significant forms of rebuilding Mosul civilly , we launch this international campaign to collect books and all types of printed products ( magazines , periodicals , newspapers , references , archives , and the like ) in all disciplines of Knowledge and Science . ''
And soon , donations began pouring in , both from Iraq and abroad . In Baghdad , an event was held , asking citizens to purchase books from a street market , which were then donated to the library . The help also comes from abroad , with the initiative receiving books from Australia , the United States , and countries across Europe .
Mosul Eye reports that about 10,000 books have been donated so far . The aim is to arrive at 200,000 for the reopening of the library . Donations are currently being shipped to the city of Irbil , where volunteers are sorting and cataloging the new collection . All subjects are welcome , but they are especially looking for books on medicine , science , and the humanities .
In May , students organized a cultural festival in front of the library , where participants were asked to bring a book as their entry fee . Several hundred books were collected in one day . “ We do n't know each other , but all of us came together because we believe in Mosul . ”
Though some of the precious materials in the library can never be recovered , Mosul Eye reminds us that rebuilding the space is an important step in Mosul 's future .
`` We need to reconnect Mosul again with the rest of the world , '' he shared . `` We will need the world to take the same amount of interest it has after ISIS took over the city . Do n't abandon us now . ''
Could you get up and put on the same thing EVERY day ? Admittedly , it eliminates a wardrobe spin during the morning hustle but could you really ignore a new sweater or that favourite silk shirt and opt for the SAME ensemble day in , day out ? For years ?
Matilda Kahl has done just that . A creative atSaatchi & amp ; Saatchi New York , Kahl decided to abandon all choice when it came to her wardrobe and wear the same outfit to work every day for more than 1000 days .
The art director developed her own personal ‘ uniform ‘ after she spent too much time deciding what to wear one Monday morning and was subsequently late for an important meeting . Kahl said she invested in 15 white shirts and several pairs of the same black trousers to make things easier washing-wise ( just imagine the nightly laundry hell if she hadn't… )
Then , with school-girl type precision she woke up every day for three years and dressed in the same outfit to go to work . The simplicity of the outfit allowed for the addition of some personal flair now and then with shoes or a jacket but otherwise ? Kahl eliminated the ‘ what will I wear ? ! ? ' conundrum from her daily routine .
Kahl wrote about her decision in an op-ed forHarpers Bazaarmagazine and said it was all about simplifying her life so she could focus on her job .
“ The simple choice of wearing a work uniform has saved me countless wasted hours thinking , ‘ what the hell am I going to wear today ? ' And in fact , these black trousers and white blouses have become an important daily reminder that frankly , I 'm in control , ” Kahl said .
When she started wearing her version of a suit , as many men do each day , Kahl faced a flurry of questions from colleagues .
“ Immediately , people started asking for a motive behind my new look : ‘ Why do you do this ? Is it a bet ? ' ”
Kahl 's choice is n't entirely unusual . Many people wear the same thing to work each day , not by choice but by requirement . One of the many arguments for uniforms in schools is that it means students do n't waste time worrying about what to wear and how they look , instead being allowed to focus on what they do .
In fact , some of the world 's most successful people have adopted the self-imposed ‘ work uniform ' . Facebook founder , Mark Zuckerberg , US President , Barack Obama and when he was alive , Apple 's Steve Jobs , are all fans of minimising choice from their morning routine .
By wearing the same thing every day , these men effectively eliminated the ‘ decision fatigue ' of outfit choice .
But for a woman working in a creative industry ? Kahl 's decision is a novel one .
By wearing an identical outfit day in and day out she has effectively removed herself from the artistic canvas of everyday life . It freed up her brain space to devote that imaginative fire-power solely to her work and meant she started each day fresh and not fatigued . But it also meant a whole lot of judgement .
Honestly ? We 're impressed . In fact we 'd almost consider doing the same thing… . but frankly , we suspect we 'd miss the sales too much .
Three in five people have a secret that they dread others finding out , a survey has revealed .
And researchers found the average person has at least one secret that they have been carrying for 15 years or more . Millions of us have a skeleton in our closet , ranging from affairs or relationships through to secret children or even marriages . Other secrets include shoplifting as a child or getting caught drunk-driving at some point in the past .
The study showed people typically have two secrets hidden away – including an Internet history they are not proud of , debt , sexual turn-ons and phobias they have never shared .
Respondents said the person they most dread unearthing one of the skeletons in their closet is their partner , though a quarter believed their other half would support them if they did find out . Keeping a big secret from mum was also very common . Other secrets included hidden tattoos , poor exam grades and having to pretend to like someone .
Some 70 per cent of respondents said they keep the secret out of shame or embarrassment .
The poll was carried out for the release of film The Woman in Black : Angel of Death . The film rotates around characters trying to keep their secrets hidden . Character Harry Burnstow ( played by Jeremy Irvine ) is hiding the fact that he 's not in the occupation he says he ’ s in and Eve Parkins ( played by Phoebe Fox ) is burying the fact she had to give up her baby .
Others secrets appearing in the list of Brits ' most common skeletons included real-life crushes that could never be revealed , or people hiding their real age from someone . While others confessed to secrets of having had plastic surgery or being a secret smoker .
A significant majority of respondents - 70 per cent - said they dread the day someone finds out the truth , while the same number are driven to keep their secrets out of shame and embarrassment .
Over a quarter said what happened is in the past and does n't affect them now , just over a fifth keep quiet to preserve their relationship , 13 per cent do it to keep friendships intact and five per cent fear they would lose their job .
Vocabulary
Rowan Atkinson dusted off his world famous Mr Bean character today at the premiere of his latest film which is only released in China .
The film titled Top Funny Comedian is expected to prove extremely lucrative after Mr Bean 's Holiday released in 2007 grossed more than £2.4million in China alone .
Atkinson , worth an estimated £70million , took to the stage to perform his mute slapstick-style comedy which gloriously transcends languages .
Clad in his famous brown suit and red tie , Mr Bean was his typical animated self as he pulled a series of facial expressions and pulled out some props .
Top Funny Comedian is a spin-off of the popular Chinese variety show of the same name and sees the star - who is known as Mr Foolish Bean in Asia - as one of the leading characters in the role .
The film also stars Chinese comedians Guo Degang and Yue Yunpeng as they venture from from Beijing to Macao .
As Guo speaks limited English and Rowan no mandarin , he revealed the pair were forced to communicate mainly through body language .
'Just with facial expressions and gestures we seemed to understand each other , ' Guo said at a promotional event in Beijing .
'It was really an interesting experience , which proves that comedy can cross boundaries . '
Angela Garvin ’ s alarm goes off at 6.30am every day . As a legal adviser , she has to be up early , and has a strict skin regime to get through .
First , she cleanses her face , then she dabson some toner —and reaches for a bottle of shaving gel . She applies it across her chin , top lip and a small area around her neck .
Then , using a men ’ s disposable razor , she carefully shaves her face , rinsing the fine , pale hairs down the basin as she goes . To finish , she rinses with warm water and applies moisturiser .
According to beauty enthusiasts —or pretty much any woman you care to ask —Angela has committed a cardinal sin .
After all , if shaving your legs encourages hair to grow back thicker , darker and stronger , then , for a woman , face-shaving would appear to invite disaster .
Nevertheless , Angela , 46 has been shaving her face three times a week for the past eight years and couldn ’ t be happier with the results .
And she ’ s not alone ; dermatologists also endorse the idea and , astonishing as it may sound , a host of products have been rushed out to cater for the trend of women shaving their faces .
‘ It ’ s cheap , takes seconds and doesn ’ t irritate my skin , unlike laser or waxing , ’ says Angela . ‘ The claim that facial hair grows back thicker and darker is a myth . It ’ s been the best thing I could have started doing. ’ What ’ s more surprising is that far from causing ingrowing hairs , nasty grow-back or red raw patches , Angela is adamant that regular shaving has improved her complexion .
Dr Michael Prager , an aesthetic clinician who has a practice in London , says : ‘ From an anti-ageing point of view , home shaving has some effect . It ’ s like a mild form of microdermabrasion , so encourages collagen production , which reduces wrinkles . Whenever there ’ s trauma to the skin , collagen is stimulated to help cell renewal . ’
David Cameron has blamed fine dining at European summits , including a three-course breakfast , for not being 'beach body ready ' .
The Prime Minister admitted he is 'greedier ' than toned wife Samantha , who was pictured at the weekend wearing a bikini on holiday in Ibiza .
Mr Cameron said he was 'very lucky to have such a wonderful wife ' but suggested being told to clear his plate as a child made it hard to stay in shape .
While the Prime Minister was touring European capitals to drum up support for his plans for EU reform , Mrs Cameron flew to the Spanish party island with the couple 's three children .
Photographs emerged of her at the upmarket resort of Cala Nova Beach on the south east of the island .
Wearing a black bikini and carrying a matching clutch bag , the 44-year-old was praised for her toned figure .
Appearing on the This Morning sofa , Mr Cameron was asked how he felt about seeing the photographs of his wife in the papers . 'I am very lucky to have such a wonderful wife , ' he said .
'She took the children off for a nice holiday while I was slogging around Europe trying to get this negotiation right . So I was a bit jealous I have to say . '
Presenter Ruth Langsford asked the Prime Minister if he would be beach body ready for this summer .
But Mr Cameron admitted he struggled to control his diet . 'I 'm not as good as Samantha at controlling what goes in . I 'm a bit greedier . She is very disciplined . I 've probably got some things to learn off her . I try to go for a jog and play a bit of tennis . '
'But when you do these European tours there 's quite a lot of meals . I was always brought up you have got to eat what 's in front of you .
Last week Mr Cameron embarked on a whistlestop tour of European capitals , to discuss his plans to claw back powers from Brussels .
In each capital city he was given VIP treatment , including rich and calorific meals which will have swelled the prime minister 's waistline .
In Paris with President Francois Hollande on Thursday night , Mr Cameron was treated to lobster tureen followed by turbot , cheese and sorbet .
On Friday morning in Warsaw , Poland , he was confronted with what he described as a 'three course breakfast ' , including smoked trout , strawberry salad , Polish cheese from the Tatra mountains , asparagus with poached egg and ham , and cheesecake .
The menu for lunch in Berlin with German chancellor Angela Merkel consisted of shrimp tartar with salad , followed by veal escalope , asparagus and potatoes , and then strawberries .
Aides indicated he may have skipped some courses .
Olympic medals for more than 130 winners from the Rio de Janeiro Games last summer are rusting or chipping , according to officials .
“ We ’ re seeing problems with the covering on between 6 or 7 % of the medals , and it seems to do with the difference in temperatures , ” Rio Games communications officer Mario Andrada told reporters .
He added that the decaying was “ completely normal ” after nine months , since only 1.34 % of the medals are actually gold , and 30 % of the sterling silver came from recycled silver .
`` The most common issue is that they were dropped or mishandled , and the varnish has come off and they 've rusted or gone black in the spot where they were damaged , '' Andrada said .
The International Olympic Committee and Rio organizers are planning a system to replace the medals for those who are unsatisfied with the defective medals , Andrada said .
At the London Olympic Games in 2012 , organizers provided instructions to medalists on how to keep their medals in mint condition , but did not specify any detail on room temperature . Medals for each Olympics vary in how they are made , however . The Olympic medals for the 2020 Games in Tokyo , for instance , are expected to be composed of recycled cellphones and small appliances donated by Japanese citizens .
The news of the defective medals comes in light of many Olympic venues in Rio deteriorating quickly after the Games , with a federal prosecutor recently saying that the venues are “ white elephants ” that were built with “ no planning ” for usage after the Olympics .
How do you get an emperor scorpion to hop up onto a scale to peer at its weight ?
Or get a yawning Asiatic lioness to stand still for a minute so that you can take her measurements ?
At the London Zoo , they do it very carefully — with patience , scales and bribes .
Mark Habben , head of zoological management at the Zoological Society of London , said in a phone interview Friday that 70 keepers had begun just such an undertaking the day before : the zoo ’ s annual weigh-in .
Armed with giant rulers , big ( and little ) scales , along with the animals ’ favorite food , they are measuring , weighing and counting most of the 750 species in care of the zoo .
Because the zoo has about 20,000 animals , he said , “ this will go on for the next couple of weeks . ”
The keepers are taking the vital statistics of the smallest primates ( the pygmy marmosets ) , the towering creatures ( the giraffes ) and the many animals in between : gorillas , squirrel monkeys , penguins and ants , to name a few .
The goal of all this weighing and measuring and counting is not only to gauge their health and well-being — it ’ s also to make sure “ we care for our animals by feeding them the correct food , ” the society says on its website .
With such valuable information , one may learn at another zoo , for instance , that a corn snake named Sausage can eat one mouse every 10 days . That ’ s the same amount that Ebeneezer , a royal python , swallows — except every 21 days . Frodo and Freda , White ’ s Tree frogs ? Twenty crickets every three days .
The annual weigh-in at the London Zoo also lets the keepers figure out if any of the animals are pregnant , Habben said .
The information collected will be entered into a database , the Zoological Information Management System , and shared with zoos around the world , to compare important data on endangered species .
The lightest creature weighed at the London Zoo so far is the leaf cutter ant , whose weight is measured in micrograms , Habben said .
That insect came in at 5 micrograms on average .
The giraffe was the heaviest to weigh , he said . For that , the zoo uses a “ specially built ” scale .
In the case of a giraffe named Elisa , whose true weight is no one ’ s business but her own , it can be revealed only that she weighs between 800 to 850 kilograms .
The zoo periodically takes the measure of some animals on a monthly basis , but the annual weigh-in is more expansive . For strategic reasons , the keepers begin at a set point , often at feeding time .
According to the society , which works on the worldwide conservation of animals and their habitats :
“ A range of techniques are used , from training the sea lions to hold their flippers up to be measured , to tempting the brightly feathered macaw and the scaly python onto the weigh board with some of their favorite treats . ”
In this weigh-in , Habben said , the zoo is prioritizing newborns . The penguins , for instance , “ had quite a productive breeding season this year , ” he said .
They ’ re also homing in on some important species . “ We try to go at the key species to correlate dietary changes , growth , ” he said .
So far , a penguin named Heathcliff came in at 4.25 kilograms ; and the Pygmy goats , Bramble , Polly and Ellie , tipped the scales at 21.5 kg , 19.7 kg and 15.8 kg .
You would think that , given its height and weight , the giraffe would be the hardest animal to weigh . But you would be wrong .
Yes , it does need “ an extremely large set of scales , ” and must be maneuvered onto platforms , Habben said .
But when it comes down to which animal is the trickiest to weigh , he said , laughing , “ the fish are pretty difficult , as you can imagine . ”
So the zoo just doesn ’ t bother : “ We just measure and count them . ”
Then there are the aptly named squirrel monkeys . For one thing , they are spread across 16 large enclosures . And some have had babies : two to be precise .
And for another , they live up to their names .
“ You ’ ll have eight or nine of them trying to jump on the scales , ” he said . “ They ’ re more interested in playing . They ’ re pretty cheeky . ”
The weigh-ins are taking place during visiting hours , he said . And Friday was an especially good day to be at the London Zoo . It was an opportunity for visitors to gawk — but pretend that everything was oh so normal .
There ’ s a goat — stepping on a scale .
And that gorilla ? It ’ s sidling up to a giant measuring board .
Nothing to see here . Nothing much at all .
Shakespeare Lives
British Prime Minister David Cameron
This year 's four hundredth anniversary of the death of William Shakespeare is not just an opportunity to commemorate one of the greatest playwrights of all time . It is a moment to celebrate the extraordinary ongoing influence of a man who – to borrow from his own description of Julius Caesar – “ doth bestride the narrow world like a Colossus . ”
Shakespeare 's legacy is without parallel : his works translated into over 100 languages and studied by half the world 's schoolchildren . As one of his contemporaries , Ben Jonson , said : “ Shakespeare is not of an age , but for all time. ” He lives today in our language , our culture and society – and through his enduring influence on education .
Shakespeare played a critical role in shaping modern English and helping to make it the world 's language . The first major dictionary compiled by Samuel Johnson drew on Shakespeare more than any other writer . Three thousand new words and phrases all first appeared in print in Shakespeare 's plays . I remember from my own childhood how many of them are found for the first time in Henry V. Words like dishearten , divest , addiction , motionless , leapfrog – and phrases like “ once more unto the breach ” , “ band of brothers ” and “ heart of gold ” – have all passed into our language today with no need to reference their original context . Shakespeare also pioneered innovative use of grammatical form and structure – including verse without rhymes , superlatives and the connecting of existing words to make new words , like bloodstained – while the pre-eminence of his plays also did much to standardise spelling and grammar .
But Shakespeare 's influence is felt far beyond our language . His words , his plots and his characters continue to inspire much of our culture and wider society . Nelson Mandela , while a prisoner on Robben Island , cherished a quote from Julius Caesar which said “ Cowards die many times before their death , the valiant never taste of death but once. ” While Kate Tempest 's poem “ My Shakespeare ” captures the eternal presence of Shakespeare when she wrote that Shakespeare “ …is in every lover who ever stood alone beneath a window…every jealous whispered word and every ghost that will not rest. ” Shakespeare 's influence is everywhere , from Dickens and Goethe to Tchaikovsky , Verdi and Brahms ; from West Side Story to the Hamlet-inspired title of Agatha Christie 's “ The Mousetrap ” – the longest-running theatre production in London 's West End today . While his original plays continue to entertain millions – from school halls across the world to the overnight queues as hundreds scrambled for last minute tickets to see Benedict Cumberbatch playing Hamlet at London 's Barbican last year .
But perhaps one of the most exciting legacies of Shakespeare is his capacity to educate . As we see from the outreach work of the Royal Shakespeare Company and Shakespeare 's Globe and the impact of pioneering British charities like the Shakespeare Schools Festival , studying and performing Shakespeare can help improve literacy , confidence and wider educational attainment .
Every day throughout 2016 , Britain is inviting you to join us in celebrating the life and legacy of William Shakespeare . On 5 January , Twelfth Night , we launched “ Shakespeare Lives ” – an exciting global programme of activity and events to highlight his enduring influence and extend the use of Shakespeare as an educational resource to advance literacy around the world .
The programme will run in more than seventy countries , led by the British Council and the Great Britain campaign . You can share your favourite moment of Shakespeare on social media , watch never-before-seen performances on stage , film and online , visit exhibitions , take part in workshops and debates , and access new Shakespearean educational resources to get to grips with the English language .
The Royal Shakespeare Company will tour China ; Shakespeare 's Globe will perform across the world from Iraq to Denmark . Young people will reimagine Shakespeare in Zimbabwe . A social media campaign called “ Play your Part ” ( # PlayYourPart ) will invite the next generation of creative talent to produce their own digital tribute to the Bard – and , in partnership with the British charity Voluntary Services Overseas , we will raise awareness of the huge challenge of global child illiteracy and use Shakespeare to increase educational opportunities for children around the world .
Beyond the great gift of language , the bringing to life of our history , his ongoing influence on our culture and his ability to educate , there is just the immense power of Shakespeare to inspire . From the most famous love story to the greatest tragedy ; from the most powerful fantasy to the wittiest comedy ; and from the most memorable speeches to his many legendary characters , in William Shakespeare we have one man , whose vast imagination , boundless creativity and instinct for humanity encompasses the whole of the human experience as no one has before or since .
So , however you choose to play your part , please join us in 2016 in this unique opportunity to celebrate the life and enduring legacy of this man ; ensuring that , as he himself put it , “ all the world 's a stage ” and that through his legacy , truly , Shakespeare Lives .
How much do you love the Queen ? This is a serious question . I am serious . A test of loyalty to our Queen is nigh .
I love the Queen dearly , as if she were my own grandmother – but even I questioned the latest job vacancy at Buckingham Palace .
Throw me in the Tower and feed the key to Prince Andrew , because this is where I draw the line : I would not be the Royal Shoe Breaker-Inner .
According to the Standard , the Queen has hired such a Royal Shoe Breaker-Inner : someone to walk around the palace 's hallowed hallways every time she gets a new pair of kicks , in order to prevent royal blisters from forming . A footman , if you will . Or footwoman . Plastering up your broken flesh with Boots ' finest would n't be very regal , after all .
I have just spent plenty of time reading conjecture about the Queen ’ s shoe size , and at risk of depriving you of the chance to take this journey for yourself – I apologise ! – she is a size 4 .
So : a wearer of size 4 feet ( who are you ? If you are reading , make yourself known ) has been hired for the task . At this very moment , this humble , honourable creature , by now half-woman , half-heel sore , could already be tramping around the drawing room in the Queen ’ s favourite £1,000 patent leather Anello & amp ; Davides . Soft yet ? Good . Here ’ s another pair .
Given that the nature of the job may require people with fully-functioning tootsies to step into the breach at a moment 's notice , what credentials might the ideal applicant require ? Luckily , we have obtained the job advertisement they last used . Peruse it thoroughly , and next time the position opens up , you will be what they call a shoo-in .
Royal shoe breaker-inner . No , really ! This is legit ! Keep reading !
Competitive . Have you been a shoe breaker-inner before ? No ? Then why do you think you should start your career at Buckingham Palace ? This should be the culmination of your career . You will be the envy of millions . Go to shoe-breaker-inner college and do the time .
Buckingham Palace . Up the stairs , down the corridors , around the garden . You might say you will be following in the Queen ’ s footsteps .
You need to have broken in some tough shoes . I am not talking slippers . I am talking pointy-toed patent leather stilettos , taken out of the box and then worn for the duration of a 48-hour shift on a farmyard . Are you tough as old boots ? You must be tougher . You must be older and tougher than tough old boots . And you must be size 4 . This is important .
Warning : Must not have smelly feet . This is very important .
The military cuts President Xi Jinping announced on Thursday will mainly target `` troops equipped with outdated armaments , administrative staff and noncombatant personnel '' , Ministry of National Defense spokesman Yang Yujun said at a news conference . The decision to cut 300,000 troops will be the country 's fourth such major reduction since the 1980s .
Since the 1980s , China has reduced the size of its military in three stages - by 1 million , 500,000 and 200,000 personnel . There are currently 2.3 million members . The reduction will be completed by the end of 2017 in order to optimize the structure of Chinese forces , Yang said .
Xi 's announcement `` fully demonstrates China 's sincerity and hope in jointly championing peace , seeking development and enjoying prosperity with various countries in the world '' , Yang said . The decision also shows the country 's `` proactive , responsible attitude toward advancing international arms control and disarmament '' , the spokesman added .
Asked if the announcement signifies the start of a new round of national defense and military reform , Yang said China `` will come up with some new reform measures and proactively and steadily press ahead with reform of national defense and the military '' .
Some countries and recent media reports have again raised questions over the size of the People 's Liberation Army , the world 's largest . Yang said that comments made about China 's alleged threat `` run counter to the facts and are irresponsible '' .
The country is still undertaking demanding tasks in championing national unification , securing state sovereignty and ensuring its development and interests , he said . The PLA undertakes noncombatant actions and missions such as disaster relief , international peacekeeping , and search and rescue work . China is also faced with threats posed by regional terrorism , separatism and extremism , he added . `` Therefore , our military needs to maintain a certain scale , which is totally for defense purposes , '' he said , adding that China never sought , nor seeks , hegemony and expansion .
Yang also said the defense budget needs to maintain a certain scale , as the overall level of China 's arms and equipment `` is comparatively lagging behind '' .
Contrary to popular belief , the best way for men to meet women isn ’ t by becoming an idol otaku or a rental boyfriend online . Instead , it ’ s all about what they ’ re putting into their mouths .
According to an article in Evolution and Human Behavior , sweat produced by males who ate a balanced diet consisting of fruits , vegetables , fats , meat , eggs and tofu was judged by females to bemore pleasant smelling than the sweat of males who ate a higher concentration of carbohydrates . The better smelling sweat was recorded to have more “ floral , fruity , sweet and medicinal qualities ” to it .
Sweat and attractiveness may not go hand-in-hand in most people ’ s minds , but if you ’ re a guy who ’ s been having bad luck with the ladies , then you might want to consider this : women typically have amore sensitive sense of smell than men , and women typically rate their partner ’ s smell as amore important factor in attractiveness than men .
So even if you don ’ t care that you smell like a used diaper on hot days or when you ’ re exercising , chances are those last couple hundred women who turned you down do care very much .
This news correlating diet and sweat-smell came as a shock to Japanese commenters . They had a lot of questions right off the bat :
“ Do the vegetables in my ramen count ? ”
“ Does drinking vegetable juice every day count ? ”
“ Do potato salad and macaroni salad count as salad ? ”
Of course it ’ s important to bear in mind that once you do achieve the adonis level of sweet-smelling sweat , it ’ s important to still be open to the signals that women give off when they ’ re interested . Otherwise you ’ ll still be alone… but at least you ’ ll have a nice-smelling laundry basket to show for it !
Justin Trudeau , a young and handsome outdoorsman and former bartender , among other roles far removed from politics , proved Monday he is not just another pretty face .
The son of the late and beloved premier Pierre Trudeau has led Canada 's opposition Liberal party to a landslide in Canada 's general election .
The former French teacher , aged 43 , overcame campaign attack ads claiming he was `` just not ready '' to lead Canada .
With his mop of dark curly hair , a confident swagger and hints of his father 's style of speaking , Trudeau looks years younger than he is .
Rivals cast this as a liability during the campaign as he tried to convince voters he was shrewd and experienced enough to be prime minister .
Trudeau is actually only three years younger than outgoing Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper was when he was first elected in 2006 .
`` He 's not the smartest guy in the room , '' former senior Liberal MP Bob Rae told The Globe and Mail newspaper .
`` But he knows how to reach a room . He likes people , and people like him . ''
- Canada 's Kennedys -
The Trudeau family is often compared to the Kennedys in the United States .
Pierre Trudeau , who died in 2000 , was prime minister from 1968 to 1979 , and again from 1980 to 1984 . He is considered the father of modern Canada .
He was admired for the force of his intellect and praised for his political acumen in preserving national unity against Quebec separatists .
The elder Trudeau established the Charter of Rights and Freedoms , decriminalized homosexuality and pushed for the bilingualism and multiculturalism that have become an integral part of Canadian national identity .
Justin 's birth on December 25 , 1971 , made front page news across Canada .
His mother Margaret 's partying with the Rolling Stones and her 1984 divorce from Pierre - Canada 's first big political scandal - was also fodder for tabloids .
A Southern California brewery has successfully tested a beer using treated sewage water .
Stone Brewing , a large craft brewing operation headquartered in Escondido , presented its Full Circle Pale Ale to curious customers at an event lately in San Diego .
The new ale is made using recycled , treated sewage water and is part of San Diego 's plan , 'Pure Water San Diego , ' to get a third of its water from recycled sources by 2021 .
And the verdict for the brew , which some have dubbed 'toilet to tap , ' seemed to be quite positive , SF Gate reported .
San Diego mayor Kevin Faulconer told the Times that the brew was 'fantastic ' and added : 'There ’ s no better way to highlight the purity of this water . '
Other patrons said the brew was 'outstanding ' and 'delicious . '
Stone Brewing 's Senior Manager of Brewing and Innovation , Steve Gonzalez , created the beer and said that he was doubtful at first .
But all doubts were dispelled when he tried his brew .
He told ABC 10 : 'Among the pale ales that I 've made , it 's probably in the top three . '
The beer was made with three malts and three hops and has 'caramel ' and 'tropical fruit ' notes .
The recycled water only needed some salts before brewing .
The brewery is used to using different water sources - which in turn have different properties - following California 's extreme drought conditions .
Stone Brewing hopes to make the Full Circle Pale Ale available soon .
If we use the National College Entrance Exam as the sole criterion to evaluate every student , it will inevitably end up being an unequal foot race . If we want everyone to have a fair chance to shine , we have to let them choose to run or to swim based on their own strengths . We could establish another college entrance examination where students ' technical skills make up 70 percent of their score ... so students from both high schools and secondary vocational schools can choose whatever exam they want to take ( in order to get into college ) .
Su Hua , chairman of the Sichuan Modern Education Group and a member of the CPPCC National Committee
Parents have to travel four times a day to ferry their children to and from school , and when school lets out parents are still at work . Parents have to deal with the time conflicts to get their younger children to and from primary schools . This is ... a very common issue that concerns people 's livelihoods . I hope efforts can be made to arrange the working hours of parents and the school hours as a whole . In addition , after-school programs can be set up inside the school , and budgets are set aside for such programs .
Yuan Jianghua , an official with the Hebi Finance Bureau in Henan province and an NPC deputy
Many countries , such as France , Japan and the US , celebrate both their own reading festivals and the World Reading Day , and that China should follow the trend , especially when its population reads far less than other countries . Reading plays a critical role in shaping of national literacy and improving people 's cultivation .
Zhu Yongxin , deputy secretary general of the CPPCC
The majority of Chinese middle school students are suffering from lack of sleep every day , and this could hurt their health . To get their homework done , many students can not go to bed until 11 pm or even later . And they have to get up around 5:30 am to ensure they get to school before 7 am . Under pressure from their parents , teachers or even themselves , many students sacrifice their sleep for good performances on tests . I suggest schools start classes after 7:30 am , and nail down a deadline for when students must be dismissed .
Dong Hengyu , member of the CPPCC National Committee and member of the Standing Committee of the China Democratic League Central Committee
Currently , the biggest concern and challenge for the Ministry of Education is the safety of students . We have more than 200 million students across the country and we care about every one of them . Any accident befalling one of our students breaks our hearts . Keeping them safe requires the participation of the whole of society - families , schools and the government - working together . All of us should shoulder the responsibility of ensuring students ' safety so that they can grow up to be the country 's future .
Yuan Guiren , minister of education
A shortage of talented people who are specialized in the repair and restoration of cultural relics poses a challenge for the preservation of our cultural heritage . China has more than 2 million cultural relics that are in need of repair but there are only around 400 people working in the field , which has not yet established a professional title evaluation system . The human resources and social security authorities should grant professional titles to them and increase their income to prevent a brain drain .
Su Shishu , member of the CPPCC National Committee and chairman of China Calligraphers Association
As an educator with more than 40 years of experience , I believe that family is the first school for children . Parents are the first teachers for their children , and family education is vital in terms of cultivating children 's minds and adaptability . I suggest parents should devote more time to family education instead of too much time and money in choosing the best schools .
Liu Changming , member of the CPPCC National Committee and president of Beijing No 4 Middle School
Many books are high-priced , which presents a heavy burden for many people , such as migrant workers and college students . I suggest the country levy a high tax on luxury goods but a low tax on goods consumed by the general public . For example , badminton could be tax-free , and a high tax could be applied to golf .
Eryuehe , writer and NPC deputy
Education now only accounts for 4 percent of the country 's total expenditures . By comparison , the figure in some developed countries is around 10 percent . We also have a sore lack of government investment in preschool eduction , which should be enhanced in the future .
He Youlin , an NPC deputy and former principal of Sun Yat-sen Memorial Middle School in Guangdong province
There are hundreds of thousands of Chinese students studying abroad every year . However , the majority of destinations are developed countries in Europe and the United States . They know little about the history , society , culture and religious situations of the less-developed countries along the routes of the Belt and Road in Asia , Africa and Latin America . The amount of talent with a good understanding of countries along the routes needs to increase for Chinese investors to go global .
Wan Jifei , CPPCC member and former chairman of the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade
Dictionary of Xi Jinping 's New Terms
Top 10 hot words of 2015
Top 10 English buzzwords of 2015
Chinese movies that represented the best of art in 2015
The Guardian : The best TV shows of 2015
The Chinese characters that define 2015
Here are the year 's best lines from # BestTVQuotes2015
The downright dangerous beauty trends
IMDb：Top 10 movies of 2015
The most strking images of 2015
The Best and Worst Tech in 2015
6 stories from 2015 that remind you the world is a pretty decent place
Who could have imagined that a treadmill on wheels would one day become a thing ? ! ? Lopifit is an unusual means of transportation that allows you to power an electric bicycle by walking on a treadmill .
Lopifit founder Bruin Bergmeester says it all started when he asked himself the question `` How can I use a treadmill outdoor ? ''
He eventually came up with an functional design , added an electric engine , and the Lopifit was born . It 's similar to an electric bicycle in that the motor only engages when the rider puts power in as well .
Only while typical e-bikes give pedal assist , the Lopifit senses when you walk on the treadmill and uses the motor to turn a drive chain at the rear of the treadmill , helping you reach a top speed of 17 miles per hour .
To use the Lopifit , simply turn on the battery and use your foot to slide the treadmill backwards and activate the motor .
Then get on and enjoy the ride ! If you need speed , just walk on the treadmill , and if you want to coast , all you have to do is stay still and admire the view .
To stop , you have two hand breaks at your disposal .
The right lever disengages the motor assist and activates a rear disc brake , while the left one stops the treadmill itself , so you can go from motor assist to coasting .
The Lopifit first hit the streets in 2014 and , unsurprisingly , became an instant hit .
That was actually quite challenging for the company , because it started getting inquiries and calls for orders , but it was nowhere near ready for mass production .
The unique treadmill bicycle became available this year , and Lopifit is struggling to keep up with demand , despite the hefty price tag of $ 2,115 .
But despite having a very loyal fan-base of so-called Lopifitters , the ingenious means of transportation also has naysayers who simply consider the concept stupid and unnecessary .
They basically believe that if you 're going to walk , you might as well do it the old fashioned way .
But the Lopifit does have the unique advantage of helping you “ walk ” really fast without breaking a sweat , or walking at cycling speed , if you will .
Paris 2024 Olympic bid directors rejected on Wednesday the notion of hosting the 2028 Games , saying their target was the 2024 edition , reflecting the position of rival bidders Los Angeles .
Statements from the two bidders come in the wake of reports the IOC had been planning to resolve the 2024 competition by offering the losing candidate the opportunity to host an Olympiad by doling out the 2024 and 2028 editions at the same time this September .
`` We are working on 2024 and there 's no reason for us to talk about 2028 -- we have nothing to offer for that , no project and no proposal , '' Etienne Thobois , the Paris 2024 bid director told AFP .
`` We would have technical difficulties with the Olympic Village to start with , '' Thobois said , explaining deals were in place for 2024 for a site next to the national stadium that would be complicated to extend by four years .
Paris bid spokesman and multi-Olympic gold medallists Tony Estanguet also rejected the notion of hosting the Games in 2028 at a meeting in London on Tuesday .
`` There will be no Olympics in Paris in 2028 , '' the former champion canoeist said .
`` It has always been the deal with our partners that this bid was about 2024 . Our project is non-transferable to 2028 . ''
`` Los Angeles is the right city at this critical time for the Olympic Movement and is only bidding for 2024 , '' a statement from LA 2024 said on Tuesday .
`` With all permanent venues already built and 88 % public support , only LA 2024 offers the lowest-risk and truly sustainable solution for the future of the Olympic Movement in 2024 and beyond . ''
Artificial intelligence can accurately guess whether people are gay or straight based on photos of their faces , according to new research suggesting that machines can have significantly better `` gaydar '' than humans .
The study from Stanford University – which found that a computer algorithm could correctly distinguish between gay and straight men 81 % of the time , and 74 % for women – has raised questions about the biological origins of sexual orientation , the ethics of facial-detection technology and the potential for this kind of software to violate people 's privacy or be abused for anti-LGBT purposes .
The machine intelligence tested in the research , which was published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology and first reported in the Economist , was based on a sample of more than 35,000 facial images that men and women publicly posted on a US dating website . The researchers , Michal Kosinski and Yilun Wang , extracted features from the images using `` deep neural networks '' , meaning a sophisticated mathematical system that learns to analyze visuals based on a large dataset .
The research found that gay men and women tended to have `` gender-atypical '' features , expressions and `` grooming styles '' , essentially meaning gay men appeared more feminine and vice versa . The data also identified certain trends , including that gay men had narrower jaws , longer noses and larger foreheads than straight men , and that gay women had larger jaws and smaller foreheads compared to straight women .
Human judges performed much worse than the algorithm , accurately identifying orientation only 61 % of the time for men and 54 % for women . When the software reviewed five images per person , it was even more successful – 91 % of the time with men and 83 % with women . Broadly , that means `` faces contain much more information about sexual orientation than can be perceived and interpreted by the human brain '' , the authors wrote .
The paper suggested that the findings provide `` strong support '' for the theory that sexual orientation stems from exposure to certain hormones before birth , meaning people are born gay and being queer is not a choice . The machine 's lower success rate for women also could support the notion that female sexual orientation is more fluid .
While the findings have clear limits when it comes to gender and sexuality – people of color were not included in the study , and there was no consideration of transgender or bisexual people – the implications for artificial intelligence ( AI ) are vast and alarming . With billions of facial images of people stored on social media sites and in government databases , the researchers suggested that public data could be used to detect people 's sexual orientation without their consent .
It 's easy to imagine spouses using the technology on partners they suspect are closeted , or teenagers using the algorithm on themselves or their peers . More frighteningly , governments that continue to prosecute LGBT people could hypothetically use the technology to out and target populations . That means building this kind of software and publicizing it is itself controversial given concerns that it could encourage harmful applications .
But the authors argued that the technology already exists , and its capabilities are important to expose so that governments and companies can proactively consider privacy risks and the need for safeguards and regulations .
`` It 's certainly unsettling . Like any new tool , if it gets into the wrong hands , it can be used for ill purposes , '' said Nick Rule , an associate professor of psychology at the University of Toronto , who has published research on the science of gaydar . `` If you can start profiling people based on their appearance , then identifying them and doing horrible things to them , that 's really bad . ''
The president of Egypt has been put `` on sale '' on eBay after vowing that he would sell himself to help the country 's economy .
Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , the former army head who ousted his predecessor Mohammed Morsi , was widely mocked for his pledge as he laid out development plans last Wednesday .
`` If it were possible for me to be sold , I would sell myself , '' he said in a speech on the state television , where he also reportedly asked Egyptians to donate to public funds .
An eBay user quickly held the president to his word by putting him up for sale on a joke page .
Bids from more than 100 users quickly rocketed to $ 100,000 but the page was taken down later on Wednesday .
Next to a photo of a laughing president Sisi , he was listed as a `` slightly used '' field marshal and doctor of philosophers with a military background , according to a translation by Foreign Policy .
The seller , `` dr_motown '' , told a potential buyer asking for more information the head of state had been used by `` his previous owners '' .
`` Hey world , we decided to sell the infamous Egyptian Field Marshal and military coup leader Mr Abdel Fatah el-Sisi on eBay to bail out the Egyptian economy so you do n't have to , '' the description read .
`` The field marshal himself stated that if selling himself will help , he will not hesitate to do it . So , we are doing it for him , for us and for the humanity .
`` Please , bid now to help Egypt gain its political and economic independence ... you will not regret it ! ''
Sisi was formerly Egypt 's official military attache in Saudi Arabia and described himself as a doctor sent by God to inform world leaders , intelligence experts , politicians and the `` greatest philosophers '' in a speech last year .
Egypt is suffering from a sharp decline in tourism revenue following flight bans to Sharm el-Sheikh sparked by the downing of a Russian passenger jet .
Visitors have also been deterred by social unrest and terrorist attacks across the country .
Some pet owners across the US can now take time off work to grieve properly after losing their beloved companions .
At least three national companies have now chosen to offer pet bereavement days to their employees , CBS reported .
Trupanion , a pet insurance firm , offers its staff one paid day of pet bereavement . Kimpton Hotels and Restaurants , the largest chain of boutique hotels in the US , grants them up to three days away from the office .
And Maxwell Health , a software company that sells HR management products , encourages employees to take time off whenever they need it - including to mourn the loss of a recently departed pet .
'We allow people to actually do that grieving process and just be able to heal . I think you need closure when you lose a pet , and it 's important to have the time to do that , ' Dani Kahn , a pet coordinator at Trupanion , said on CBS .
Taking time off work might be necessary so that employees can regain a sense of normality and be able to function again , pet loss counselor Janet Zimmerman told the channel .
'I 've seen people who ca n't get out of bed at all . They ca n't eat , they do n't accept phone calls , they are so lost , ' Zimmerman added .
Erica Lee , a sales team lead at Trupanion , took a day off and stayed with her son after losing her cherished American Staffordshire Terrier , Chief .
'Being able to stay home with him and grieve with him was invaluable . It was so , so important to me , ' she told CBS .
Pet bereavement leave is not required by law and can be allocated at the employers ' discretion .
A third of pet owners might need to mourn for six months or longer , a 2009 study suggested .
A team of researchers at the University of Hawaii asked 106 of them to describe how they felt after the death of their pet .
About 30 percent of them said they had experienced feelings of sadness and grief for at least six months .
Only five to 12 percent of the pet owners interviewed during the study said they suffered from major pathological disruption .
A team of European neurologists says in a new study that Russian president Vladimir Putin walks with a peculiar “ gunslinger ’ s gait ” .
The study , published on Tuesday by the British Medical Journal , notes that Putin has shown a “ clearly reduced right-sided arm swing ” , possibly related to weapons training he received when he was part of the Soviet KGB .
Citing a KGB training manual they obtained , the researchers suggest that his style of walking is linked to training he underwent in the feared security agency , where he rose to the rank of lieutenant colonel before retiring at the twilight of the Soviet Union .
“ According to this manual , KGB operatives were instructed to keep their weapon in their right hand close to their chest and to move forward with one side , usually the left , presumably allowing subjects to draw the gun as quickly as possible when confronted with a foe , ” the researchers , based in Portugal , Italy , and the Netherlands , wrote .
To test their hypothesis , the neurologists studied YouTube videos of other Russian officials .
Bastiaan Bloem , a professor of movement disorder neurology at Radboud University Medical Centre in Nijmegen , the Netherlands , who led the study , said his team was “ stunned ” by what they saw .
They found the same characteristic walk in Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev , in former Russian defense minister Anatoly Serdyukov and Sergei Ivanov , and in senior Russian military commander Anatoly Sidorov .
Like Putin , Ivanov is a former KGB officer who served in Europe during the Cold War . Serdyukov and Sidorov both received military training , the researchers claim .
The outlier in this group is Medvedev , a lawyer by training who has no clear ties to the KGB and did not serve in the military , though he is thought to have undergone brief reservist training during his university years .
Since Putin handpicked him to serve as president from 2008-12 – between Putin ’ s second and fourth terms – Medvedev ’ s body language has often resembled that of his mentor , as has the cadence of his speech .
Citing western media reports , the researchers write that “ substantial evidence suggests that Medvedev is being coached to sound , look , and importantly , walk like the president . ”
The study asserts that Putin ’ s asymmetrical arm swing is likely “ a behavioural adaptation resulting from military or intelligence training . ”
Bloem conceded that his researchers do not have access to Putin ’ s medical records or his doctors . But he said Putin ’ s unusual walk is the subject of a small but growing debate among medical specialists .
“ It is an unusual study , but there is a very serious message to it ” about neurological observation , he told AFP in a telephone interview .
Bloem added that Putin ’ s “ abnormal gait has been noted before . ”
“ What we are putting forward , but very cautiously , is a new hypothesis , ” he said .
The image of a smooth-talking , chain-smoking and sexist James Bond may be a thing of the past as the latest 007 novel gives him a politically-correct makeover .
Author Anthony Horowitz has revealed the new book Trigger Mortis has been amended for modern readers and contains anti-smoking messages and for the first time an ‘ outspoken ’ gay friend .
Horowitz admitted that while doing so he has had to work carefully to preserve 007 's characters and attitude as created by the spy novel ’ s first author Ian Fleming , who died in 1964 .
As the younger generation begins to frown on Bond ’ s chauvinistic attitudes and unhealthy lifestyle in the era of political correctness , Horowitz has introduced a cast of new characters who will point out the error of his ways .
Included will be messages about smoking causing cancer and women who give the charmer a run for his money as 'little twists ' have been added to make the story suitable for the modern reader .
For the first time a Bond girl ’ s storyline will be followed beyond her fleeting experience with 007 , with the return of Pussy Galore .
In the book , Galore moves in with Bond in London and together they spend their mornings squabbling .
Horowitz , speaking to radio station RTE , said he was keen to keep the new Bond true to the 1950s creation .
He added that there was an unavoidable issue with the original plot , because Pussy Galore was cast as a lesbian who can not help but be overcome with lust for Bond .
'The book is true to the character and keeps him as fans would want him , which is as the original hard-bitten guy , ' he said .
'But then it always challenges and nudges and says `` well wait a minute '' .
'One of the challenges of writing the book was that attitude that a heterosexual man can change a woman 's life and make her go weak at the knees .
'That 's something that would be challenged , I think , in the 21st century .
'If you read Trigger Mortis , you ’ ll see actually there is a little twist to the tale in that particular story which I think sort of pays him off for his slightly patronising attitude . '
Explaining how he adjusted the novel , he said : 'I think the answer is that in the book I remain true to every one of Bond 's things .
'He does smoke cigarettes , he smokes many , many cigarettes .
'But then what I do is I nudge him with a little reference to a newspaper article he happens to glance at which just reminds him that these things will give him cancer .
'With women , he has this sort of patronising carnal attitude with them which is absolutely accurate to the Bond of the books . But then by creating very strong women he is given quite a run for his money and his attitudes are challenged .
'I also gave him a very outspoken gay friend , who chides him and says `` come on Bond , you 're living in the 20th century now not the Middle Ages '' .
'My first duty , my first responsibility was to be true to the original feel of the book , to be true to Ian Fleming : his creation , his world and his ideas .
'What I was trying to do was wrap myself in his mantle and write a book that would be worthy of him . '
Trigger Mortis was released on September 8 , ahead of the release of the latest Bond film Spectre which is out in cinemas on October 26 .
British scientists have made a breakthrough in the search for a male contraceptive pill which could transform the sex lives of millions of couples .
For decades , researchers have tried to produce a reliable alternative to condoms or a vasectomy , but there has been little progress .
Now UK scientists have found the secret of making men temporarily infertile by switching off sperms ability to swim .
They have made tiny designer compounds which smuggle themselves into sperm , and stop their tails from wiggling .
If a sperm ca n't swim , it has no chance of naturally fertilising a woman 's egg .
The breakthrough made by British scientists could be the key to rendering men temporarily infertile .
It might become possible for them to pop a pill that stops their sperm from swimming .
The key advance raises the prospect of a fast-acting pill or a nasal spray that a man could take hours or perhaps just minutes before sex .
Researchers believe its effects would wear off within days , meaning he would again be fertile .
By contrast , women are typically advised to stop taking the Pill weeks or even months before trying to conceive .
Last night , family planning experts said a reversible male contraceptive could benefit millions of couples where the woman can not take the Pill for medical reasons .
And it would save men from being trapped into having children they did not want , they added .
With global sales of contraceptives topping 13 billion a year , the market for a reversible male contraceptive could be huge , but some cast doubt on the idea of a male pill , doubting women will trust men to take it .
Lead researcher Professor John Howl , of Wolverhampton University , last night described how effective their sperm-stopping agent had been in lab tests .
He said : `` The results are startling and almost instant . ''
When you take healthy sperm and add our compound , within a few minutes the sperm basically can not move . Male infertility is often the result of poorly moving sperm , called low motility .
Using this , the Wolverhampton team , together with Portuguese researchers , made a compound called a cell-penetrating peptide , which gets inside sperm and brings them to a standstill .
Prof Howl said : `` This is a totally unique approach nobody else has ever done this before . Peptides are short chains of amino acids that can influence how human cells work . ''
They occur naturally but biochemists can make synthetic versions .
Prof Howl and colleague Dr Sarah Jones first demonstrated that certain cell-penetrating peptides could smuggle themselves inside sperm cells , like a Trojan horse .
Then they joined forces with IVF experts at Aveiro University in Portugal , who had identified the crucial protein responsible for putting the wiggle into sperm tails .
The two universities created a bespoke peptide which turns that protein off .
They tested the approach in the petri dish on bovine and human sperm , with similarly impressive results , and will soon publish their results .
Prof Howl said they hoped to start live animal tests in two to three years , thanks in part to a 175,000 Portuguese grant .
It typically takes three to five years to bring a new drug to market after animal trials , so the final product could be available as early as 2021 . Prof Howl said it was too early to say if the end result would be a pill , a nasal spray or a sub-skin implant , but they were all possibilities .
John Guillebaud , emeritus professor of family planning and reproductive health at University College , London , said a reversible male contraceptive would be of enormous benefit to many couples , such as those where the woman can not take the Pill for medical reasons for instance due to migraine with aura or an increased risk of blood clots .
Hawaii is considering introducing a basic income for all its citizens .
The US state ’ s congress voted to look into the idea as research suggests a large number of current jobs are likely to be replaced by automated technology in the coming years .
State representative Chris Lee , who introduced the legislation , said : `` Our economy is changing far more rapidly than anybody 's expected . ”
He added that it was important `` to be sure that everybody will benefit from the technological revolution that we 're seeing to make sure no one 's left behind . ''
The bill declares that all families in Hawaii are entitled to “ basic financial security ” – paving the way for a policy that would guarantee this .
It also tasks several government offices with analyzing the state ’ s economy and finding “ ways to ensure all families have basic financial security . ''
Universal basic income ( UBI ) involves paying every citizen a set amount of money each month to live on , regardless of whether or not they are in work .
Hawaii is the first US state to pass legislation in support of UBI but a number of countries around the world have taken steps towards introducing the policy .
Finland and Germany have implemented pilot schemes and the Canadian province of Ontario is set to follow suit . The Dutch city of Utrecht is also trialing the policy .
Advocates say UBI is a more effective way of distributing money than current social welfare systems and will help people cope with the job losses resulting from new technology .
Critics , however , say it will discourage people from working and is prohibitively expensive .
Research suggests that Hawaii workers could be hit particularly hard by technological advances because many of the jobs in the tourism industry that fuels the state ’ s economy , such as waiters , cooks and cleaners , will eventually be replaced by machines .
Zhang Yingying 's father Zhang Ronggao , her aunt and her boyfriend Hou Xiaolin met with law enforcement and university officials accompanied by officials from China 's Consulate General in Chicago , according to the University of Illinois police department 's website .
The University of Illinois Community Credit Union has set up an account to raise money to cover the family 's living expenses on campus . According to World Journal , as of June 18 the fund had reached $ 36,463 with contributions from 1,070 people , exceeding the goal of $ 30,000 .
A tweet from The Federal Bureau of Investigation said it is now offering a reward of up to $ 10,000 for information leading to the location of Zhang , 26 , who was last seen near the north end of the campus when she boarded a Champaign-Urbana mass transit bus on June 9 .
Police confirmed Zhang was wearing a charcoal-colored baseball cap , a pink and white long-sleeved flannel shirt , jeans , white tennis shoes and was carrying a black backpack , and exited the West Springfield and North Mathews avenue at 1:52 pm local time .
Zhang was then captured on security cameras talking to a white male through the window of a black Saturn Astra , five blocks from where she got off the bus , the same day . Zhang got into the vehicle and it drove off .
The FBI , which has joined Illinois State Police and the University of Illinois Police Department in the search for Zhang , listed the case as kidnapping on its website .
Concerned residents and students have , under the direction of the UIUC Chinese Students and Scholars Associations ( UIUC CSSA ) , distributed flyers around the city in what they describe as a `` carpet search mission '' .
The University of Illinois Police Department , the Office of the Dean of Students and the International Student and Scholar Services held a forum to share information about the ongoing investigation on June 15 .
Officials suggested preventative measures for students and faculty to prevent future incidents of this nature . The school has expressed interest in increasing the numbers of cameras on campus and providing self-protection education to incoming international students and current students .
Patrick Wade , spokesman of the UIUC Police Department , said officers were working around the clock for Zhang 's return .
The university police department 's website said that detectives have been using vehicle records to identify a number of registered owners of the type of vehicle in the video .
`` Investigators continue to utilize image enhancing technology available through the FBI , '' the website said . `` Information about the search is being shared widely , reaching more than 1 million people on social media , on billboards throughout the state , and through media both locally and throughout the country . ''
The UIUC Police Department further encouraged the public to continue sharing accurate information on social media to spread awareness about Zhang 's disappearance , as well as print and distribute the bulletin to local businesses .
`` Although the investigation is moving forward very quickly , we are unable to comment on many specifics of the case in order to protect the integrity of the investigation and make sure we can find Ms. Zhang as quickly as possible , '' a representative from the department said .
Is it worse to be called lazy or smelly ?
In personal interactions in Japan , it ’ s common for people to avoid confrontations rather than charge into them . On top of that , mainstream attitudes generally work out so that women are , on average , more accommodating and deferential than men .
That doesn ’ t mean that married life in Japan is all “ I have prepared your supper , Honored Husband , ” and “ Shall I draw you a bath ? ” though . When their displeasure passes a certain threshold , Japanese women are as capable of spitting angry fire at their spouses as anyone else .
But which particular brands of vitriol burn the worst ? To find out , Internet portal R25 polled 200 Japanese men between the ages of 20 and 39 , presenting them with a list of 23 commonly voiced complaints from frustrated wives , and asked them to pick the ones that would hurt the most to hear . Each respondent ’ s top selection received three points , with two points going to his second pick and one to his third .
Let ’ s take a look at the top 10 :
10 “ Stop wasting so much money on things you don ’ t need ! ” ( 26 points )
In many Japanese households , the husband turns his paycheck over to his wife , who manages the family finances . She in turn gives him an allowance to spend , but as with any limit , there ’ s sometimes going to be pressure to stay well under it .
9 . “ Stop being such a lazy fatso ! ” ( 28 points )
It ’ s not unusual for people to put on a few pounds as they get older , and all the beers at those company drinking sessions aren ’ t exactly low-calorie beverages . Still , such a harsh indictment of weight-gain is going overboard in the eyes of some respondents , including one who called it “ cold-hearted . ”
8 . “ I don ’ t want to share a grave with you ! ” ( 33 points )
Rather than having individual final resting places , Japanese families share a monument where their ashes are entombed . The family distinction is done by marriage , not birth , and since the traditional attitude is that the wife marries into the husband ’ s family , her remains will be placed in the same grave as his when the time comes , to be together for all eternity . Finding out your wife isn ’ t interested in being along for that ride would , therefore , be a pretty big shock .
7 . “ At least take care of the dishes after we eat dinner ! ” ( 39 points )
Assuming that your wife made said dinner , then yeah , it would be pretty embarrassing to have her call you out for limiting your involvement in the meal to strictly the “ eating ” part . Can ’ t say she doesn ’ t have a point , though .
6 . “ Take care of the cooking once in a while ! ” ( 43 points )
“ I wouldn ’ t be able to understand her thinking , since she knows I can ’ t cook , ” offered one participant by way of excuse . Honestly though , dude , it ’ s not that hard to boil some pasta and open a jar of premade spaghetti sauce .
5 . “ Show more appreciation for the things I do ! ” ( 85 points )
At first this seems like a surprisingly high ranking for a situation that sounds like it should be more hurtful for the wife , but the men who selected this response predicated it on the fact that they do , in fact , feel a deep gratitude towards their better halves . “ It would hurt to know those feelings aren ’ t coming across , ” explained one man .
4 . “ If we didn ’ t have kids , I ’ d totally have divorced you by now ! ” ( 97 points )
“ That would have me thinking we should split up , ” said one respondent . Another was slightly less calm , asserting “ There are some things you ’ re just not supposed to say ! ”
3 . “ I made a huge mistake marrying you ! ” ( 166 points )
Yep , that would sting . “ I don ’ t think I ’ d be able to say anything at all in response , ” one participant imagined .
2 . “ You stink ! ” ( 201 points )
And no , this isn ’ t to say that the husband is poor at some task or skill set , but that he just plain smells bad . Thankfully , this complaint can usually be avoided by applying soap , shampoo , and deodorant before it becomes an issue . For those with a health issue-caused body odor , though , or who work in an industry or environment where they can ’ t avoid coming home with an unpleasant scent stuck to their hair and skin , this has to be tough to hear .
1 . “ Earn more money ! ” ( 230 points )
Even though more Japanese women are working now than in previous generations , there ’ s still a societal expectation for a married man to be the breadwinner , and often once children enter the picture , the wife will quit her job to take care of them full-time . As such , it ’ s not entirely unreasonable for Japanese wives to be concerned about the income their husband brings into the household . But since Japan is already a notoriously hard-working society , being told that you ’ re still not doing enough to get ahead can hit a guy right where it hurts .
“ It would damage my pride as a man , ” one respondent succinctly explained , and we imagine that would go double if it were combined with complaint # 10 .
China 's Xi Meets Royals , Officials on First U.K. State Visit
Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived for his first state visit to the U.K. , where members of the royal family and government officials greeted him Tuesday as Britain seeks to bolster ties with the world ’ s second-biggest economy .
Mr. Xi and his wife , Peng Liyuan , took part in a lavish procession , riding in a horse-drawn carriage to Buckingham Palace , where the pair had lunch with Queen Elizabeth II and her husband , Prince Philip .
Mr. Xi , in an address later to members of Parliament at Westminster , spoke about the `` deep mutual affection '' between the two countries and his belief that his visit would build relations .
Apple users were ecstatic to learn that the taco and burrito emojis were included in the 9.1 update last year .
But despite the hype , these are n't the most popular new emoji , according to a report .
The latest go-to emoji is the 'face with the rolling eyes ' , which is used in 14 per cent of text messages , the study found .
These findings come from the emoji keyboard app , EmojiXpress , which gathered a sample size of 30 million emojis sent from its keyboard . EmojiXpress pulled data over a two-week period from January 15 to January 30 , 2016 , which showed only 1.5 million ( 5 percent ) were new emojis from the iOS 9.1 update , but new characters made up 65 percent of the top 10 most commonly used list , according to site 's blog post .
The second most common emoji was the long awaited 'middle finger ' , the 'heavy heart exclamation mark ornament ' came in seventh and the rainbow horned unicorn is the 10th most commonly used .
Although the 'rolling eyes ' emoji topped the charts in the EmojiXpress app , other platforms have their own popular ideographs .
For example , the most commonly used character on Instagram is the 'red heart ' , which is shared 79 percent more than any other emoji , reported HubSpot .
And the 'face with tears of joy ' is number one among Twitter users , followed by the 'smiling face with heart-shape eyes ' and 'loudly crying face ' .
Valentine 's Day can be a bit of a struggle . How much should you spend on him to let him know you care ? Will she like that perfume you bought her ?
And then there 's the card - is it too cheesy , or just nice enough ?
Well , now there might be another option , thanks to three enterprising PhD researchers at the University of Leuven in Belgium - yes , really , they 're a romantic bunch .
Maarten , Tjorven and Jeroen have launched writeitinthestars.com , a project to fund future research at their university .
Essentially , they 're going to put people 's paid-for messages on a cubesat , or miniature satellite , and send it up into orbit . It has its setbacks , but it 's a nice enough gesture if you 're stuck for a present to buy .
What happens ?
`` We take your love message into space , where it will pass over every part of the world for years to come . After 10 years , the satellite will enter the atmosphere and your message will turn into a beautiful shooting star . ''
What 's the catch ?
The launch of the cubesat is n't set to take place until next year ... So your loved one will be waiting a long time before your message gets up into orbit . Let 's hope you 're still together by then .
You also wo n't be able to see it , of course , as the tiny object will be orbiting the Earth at an altitude of 500km and a speed of 27000 km/h .
How much does it cost ?
At the moment the price of the messages is about €0.88 per character - or 65p for us Brits .
What will happen to the money ?
The team at writeitinthestars.com is planning to fund 'lots of stuff ' with the money they make from this project .
`` Our goal is to fund space research at KU Leuven and we want to do plenty . For example , extra funding will allow us to purchase more components for our Master thesis students . ''
What about old-fashioned romance ?
The Valentine 's message also comes with a print-out version of one of five unique designs that can be downloaded from writeitinthestars.com , so you can hand it to the person you love .
Forget the protein shakes , chocolate milk may be the best thing to drink after you workout .
Scientists have found that the beverage has all the nutrients that your body needs to replenish itself from exercising .
The protein helps the muscles recover and the calories replace those burned when you are on the treadmill .
Researchers said that chocolate milk , so long as it was a low fat brand , was the ‘ gold standard for a recovery beverage ’ .
The finding calls into question the popularity of protein shakes , which were once used by bodybuilders but are now consumed by ordinary people who believe they make them stronger .
As a result the ‘ sport-related ’ protein product industry is booming and by 2017 we will be eating and drinking £8bn a year of bars , drinks , and other supplements .
According to Cornell University , however , chocolate milk does just as good a job - if not better .
They sought out the best post-exercise beverage after seeing athletes overeating at night to compensate for their tough training regimes .
The team used computer software to develop a formula for the best product and combined it with advice from nutrition specialists in the athletic department .
The researchers tried adding Omega 3 , the health fatty acid , into the drink but it increased the fat content too much .
They also tried adding more sugar but realised that may cause stomach problems .
Clint Wattenberg , the coordinator of sports nutrition at Cornell , said that after numerous experiments they settled on an eight-ounce bottle of chocolate milk similar to those served with school lunches .
Their modified chocolate milk contains 16 grams of protein and 230 calories per eight-ounce serving .
By contrast a regular bottle of chocolate milk similar has eight grams of protein and 160 calories .
Mr Wattenberg said that 20 grams of protein is optimal for muscle recovery for an athlete weighing around 10 stone .
A 20 stone rugby player with greater muscle mass might need around 30 to 35 grams of protein , which could be topped up with chocolate bars or other foods .
Mr Wattenberg , a former wrestler , said : ‘ The composition of low-fat chocolate milk is probably the gold standard for a recovery beverage .
‘ We do n't have to second-guess where this supplement is coming from ’ .
According to the NHS , men and women should aim for 50g of protein a day and most adults get more than enough from regular meals .
The beverage , called Big Red Refuel , is now being manufactured by the Cornell on-site dairy and is available on the university campus .
A caterpillar that munches on plastic bags could hold the key to tackling plastic pollution , scientists say .
Researchers at Cambridge University have discovered that the larvae of the moth , which eats wax in bee hives , can also degrade plastic .
Experiments show the insect can break down the chemical bonds of plastic in a similar way to digesting beeswax .
Each year , about 80 million tonnes of the plastic polyethylene are produced around the world .
The plastic is used to make shopping bags and food packaging , among other things , but it can take hundreds of years to decompose completely .
However , caterpillars of the moth ( Galleria mellonella ) can make holes in a plastic bag in under an hour .
Dr Paolo Bombelli is a biochemist at the University of Cambridge and one of the researchers on the study .
`` The caterpillar will be the starting point , '' he told BBC News .
`` We need to understand the details under which this process operates .
`` We hope to provide the technical solution for minimising the problem of plastic waste . ''
Dr Bombelli and colleague Federica Bertocchini of the Spanish National Research Council have patented the discovery .
They want to speed up the process of discovering the chemical secrets behind the natural degradation of plastic .
They think microbes in the caterpillar - as well as the insect itself - might play a role in breaking down plastic .
If the chemical process can be identified , it could lead to a solution to managing plastic waste in the environment .
`` We are planning to implement this finding into a viable way to get rid of plastic waste , working towards a solution to save our oceans , rivers , and all the environment from the unavoidable consequences of plastic accumulation , '' said Dr Bertocchini .
`` However , we should not feel justified to dump polyethylene deliberately in our environment just because we now know how to bio-degrade it . ''
The research is published in the journal , Current Biology .
More than ten thousand Santa Clauses descended on Madrid on Dec 12 for a record-breaking Christmas run .
Red suits and Santa hats stretched as far as the eye could see through the Spanish capital , for the fourth official event . The course is 5.5km .
The number of competitors more than doubled that of last year and the event shattered its previous world record for the most people dressed as Santa in one race .
Organizers were delighted that some 60 per cent of competitors were women , as the event has traditionally attracted more men .
And more than 1,000 children also competed – with those under 12 running in the ‘ Elf ’ category and receiving a little green suit and hat .
Jennifer Lawrence is the highest-earning actor or actress to earn an Oscar nomination in this year ’ s awards , according to Forbes ’ s magazine . The magazine , which publishes an annual list of the top-earning male and female actors , lists Lawrence as the world ’ s highest-earning actress , after she netted $ 52 million before tax last year .
Lawrence is the only Best Actress or Supporting Actress nominee to appear on Forbes ’ s list : none of the other nominees ’ 2014-15 earnings met their $ 6m mimimum for inclusion . In fact , she made more money last year than all her fellow Best Actress nominees put together .
As Forbes point out , if Lawrence wins the award , it will be first time that an actress has won an Oscar in the same year as becoming the world ’ s highest paid , though former list-topper Sandra Bullock came close in 2014 , when she was nominated for a Best Actress award for her role in Gravity .
Nonetheless , it seems that awards do matter more financially to women than to men ; a closer look at the figures suggests that actresses may be expected to have won a major award before they can break into a higher pay bracket . While overall pay for women is lower , the highest-earners are more likely to have an Oscar than not to have one : eight out of the top 15 highest-paid actresses have won Academy Awards .
But for men the reverse is true : none of the top 15 highest-earning male actors has ever won an Oscar . Even accounting for the presence of three Bollywood stars on the list ( Bollywood films are rarely major Oscar contenders ) , the gap is still surprising .
It looks likely that Leonardo DiCaprio ( ranked at number 13 ) will be the first among them to snag a trophy . DiCaprio is the highest-earning male acting nominee at this year ’ s Oscars , but still earns far less than Lawrence ’ s $ 52 milllion , pocketing a paltry $ 29 million in 2014-15 .
In October , Lawrence criticised Hollywood ’ s gender pay-gap in an essay on Lena Dunham ’ s website , in which she suggested that female actors still have “ a lingering habit of trying to express our opinions in a certain way that doesn ’ t ‘ offend ’ or ‘ scare ’ men , ” and are reluctant to negotiate for higher wages as a result .
“ Jeremy Renner , Christian Bale , and Bradley Cooper all fought and succeeded in negotiating powerful deals for themselves , ” she wrote . “ If anything , I ’ m sure they were commended for being fierce and tactical , while I was busy worrying about coming across as a brat and not getting my fair share . ”
The 10 highest-earning male actors , 2014-15
The 10 highest-earning female actors , 2014-15
Canada ’ s national broadcaster issued an on-air and online apology last night after one of its commentators said a Chinese swimmer at the Rio Olympics “ died like a pig ” when she lost a race .
Following the women ’ s 4 x 200m freestyle relay final , CBC commentator Byron MacDonald , who thought his microphone was off , said : “ The little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball , baby . Too excited , went out like stink , died like a pig . Thanks for that . ”
The incident immediately caused outrage online with watchers tweeting their disbelief at the comments by MacDonald , a 1972 Olympian and swimming coach at the University of Toronto , and called for the him to lose his job .
The CBC moved quickly , responding to offended users on Twitter with personal apologies . Scott Russell , another CBC commentator , issued an on-air apology for MacDonald ’ s remarks .
— CBC Olympics ( @ CBCOlympics ) August 11 , 2016
@ plowe We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air . It was an unfortunate choice of words - we 're sorry it happened .
CBC later issued a formal statement , with spokesman Chuck Thompson telling reporters : “ We sincerely regret that these statements were made , and that they were allowed to go to air … To be clear , Byron ’ s comments were related to the swimmer ’ s performance , not to her as an individual . That said , they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said . ”
The race ended with China finishing fourth and Canada winning the bronze medal . It wasn ’ t immediately clear who the comments were targeting but it appears to have been 14-year-old Ai Yanhan , who slowed her team down during her lap of the relay and allowed Canada to gain ground .
These children have very comical responses to the question of what or who they want to be when they grow up .
Images circulating the web show some youngsters ' dreams in life are either unrealistic or hilariously mundane .
From a large number of little boys hoping to become Batman to the wish to turn into an inanimate object - such as a potato - these children wo n't let anything stand in the way of their ambitions , including all sense and reason .
This blond boy is after the good life and lots of long walks , hoping to become a dog when he grows up
Another little boy wishes nothing more than to grow up and work in this local supermarket
His goal reads : 'In 20 years I 'll be 32 years old and working in KMart ' .
This boy hope to tackle a lack of ethnic diversity in the Marvel Comics universe by becoming Black Spider-Man
However , lofty ambitions are n't for all of us . One child simply dreams of once day being a 'potato ' .
It 's the simple life for this child too . `` I want to be a person who cleans tables . ''
Realist Warren refused to dignify this scientifically inaccurate question - instead opting for a morbid response
Edwin 's goals for 2013 included learning to fly , playing the accordion and getting his hands on an iPhone 5
Chris wanted to embody his hero in all ways . To become Michael Jordan he recognised that he would have to first get bigger , secondly shave his head and lastly be black
Alina hoped to be a customer when she grew up so that she could buy the ingredients to make soup
When he becomes 100 this little boy vows to take his wife to Pizza Hut for dinner
Another child had the simple dream of first getting a hat and then putting it on
This adorable little boy hopes to become a truck driver and combine it with another passion , the Ninja Turtles
He wrote : 'When I grow up I want to be a truck driver , I will load the trucks and wear a ninja turtle uniform . '
This pizza loving child has their priorities in order , choosing the Italian dish over one million dollars
He wrote : 'If I had one wish I would wish for all the pizza in the world except for vegetable pizza and anchovie [ sick ] pizza , and if I had two wishes I would have one million dollars and that pizza .
'If I had three wishes I would have the one million dollars and that pizza and some dinosaurs that would n't wreck the world . '
This food fan declared that their one wish would be for it to rain tacos
Another big eater said that someday they would have so much food to eat that they would explode
One youngster decided it was the single life for them and drew a picture of them relaxing to demonstrate
An animal fan responded to the question of what they wanted to be by deciding the would be a wolf
Albert wanted to be 'a person who stays home and does nothing ' while David hoped to be 'a fireman since I like explosions and fire '
This postal network enthusiast was determined to become a mailbox when they grew up
This high flyer made it their wish to have two quarters and three dollars
Ashanta was asked to share her dream like Dr King . She opted to work in Taco Bell with her mother
Four-year-old Jessica hoped to become a fire hydrant when she grew up
Lila 's dream to watch more television while on the toilet is an unusual but hopefully achievable goal
One unlikely candidate for leader of the free world dreamed of destroying the Earth from outer space
This fun character will work with rock in the future , by throwing them into water a creating a splash
This pessimist does n't want to look on the bright side , refusing to acknowledge the thought of life after school
Three-year-old Louisa wanted to have mint in her water and eventually to grow large and grow a beard
Graham had a rather ghoulish message for beyond the grave . He claimed he would break out of his tomb
'When I grow up I will go to a vet to be a vet until I am 20 then I will be a Engineer ' one child wrote
Another frightening message came from this child who wanted to become a werewolf in their adult life
One sports fan dreamed that some day he would be renowned for his awesome bicycle kick goals
In a class of 13 boys six wanted to be Batman . Only one wanted to be Spider-Man
Another 's personal goal was to beat Super Mario Bros 3
'When I grow up I want to be like mommy ! ' one child wrote , drawing a sweet picture of their mother working in Home Depot selling shovels ... although it looks like something entirely different
For many of us , checking our bank balances can result in a nasty shock if they have been unable to control their spending habits .
But now a British company is hoping to turn this into a real physical sensation .
A wristband that delivers a 255 volt electric shock can now be linked to bank accounts , to send a shock when the user 's bank account reaches below a certain threshold .
The wristband was first launched in 2014 by a US-based company called Pavlok .
At first it was designed as a 'personal coach on your wrist ' and , to encourage the development of good habits and could even be used to help stop overeating .
Now British firm Intelligent Environments has launched software that can link the wristband to people 's bank accounts .
The idea behind the shocking invention is that the two milliampere shock will condition wearers to develop and stick to good habits by associating the bad habits with the uncomfortable yet effective shock .
It could also be used to save heating bills , by working with smart metres and encouraging people to turn their thermostats down .
Chief executive David Webber said the idea was about consumer choice .
'This is about reacting to changes in your financial well-being , ' he said . 'Willpower is great if you 've got it - not everybody has . '
But Professor Alan Woodward , a cybersecurity expert from Surrey University , told the BBC the more connections which are made between devices , the greater the risk of a security weakness .
'According to reports , the device can link to a customer ’ s bank account , which could leave the door open for cybercriminals to access bank details . ' Liviu Itoafa , security researcher at Kaspersky Lab said .
World War Three is just around the corner and the planet is teetering on the brink of all-out conflict – according to people in major Western nations , at least .
A new poll shows the public are somewhat gloomy about the future , fearing a “ worldwide conflict ” is looming .
With superpowers backing different sides in the bloody conflict in Syria , Isis continuing to fight in the Middle East , a spate of terrorist attacks across the globe and Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump both talking a tough game , the YouGov survey of 9,000 people across nine countries found popular opinion thinks world peace has rarely been further away .
People in the US were most likely to predict a world war , while French , German and British people were also pessimistic .
Some 64 percent of Americans think the world is close to a major war , compared to just 15 who think world peace is likely .
Britons are only slightly more hopeful : 19 percent believe peace is possible but 61 percent say war is a distinct possibility .
In contrast , people in Nordic countries including Sweden , Finland and Norway were much less inclined to believe the world is on the brink of war . Denmark had the population most cheerful about the prospects of peace : 39 percent of Danes predicted world peace compared to 45 percent forecasting the opposite .
Anthony Wells , YouGov ’ s director of political and social research , said : “ Fear seems the highest in the US and France , but for different reasons .
`` American fears perhaps reflect some people ’ s uncertainly about the impending Trump Presidency .
“ For France , I suspect fears are linked more to the threat of terrorism . ''
The same survey revealed people in Europe and America tended to see Russia as a major military threat , with British people the most fearful of Moscow even though other countries polled , such as Finland and Germany , are much closer geographically to the former Soviet Union .
Some 71 percent of Britons feel threatened by Russia , compared to 59 percent of Americans – the lowest of all the countries polled .
In every nation except Finland , those surveyed thought a terrorist attack in their country was more likely than unlikely in the next year .
French people were most concerned about terrorism , with 81 percent believing an attack would happen compared to just 11 percent predicting there would be none .
An attack was also predicted by a large majority of people in Britain , Germany and the US . In Finland , however , only 26 percent of people forecast a terrorist strike with 63 percent saying such an event was unlikely .
A pizza shop owner in New York , took to social media to introduce his latest innovation , an edible pizza box .
The pizzeria is ditching the cardboard container for a pizza box that 's made of one thing and one thing only—100 percent pizza .
Vinnie 's Pizzeria in Brooklyn revealed “ the pizza box pizza ” via Twitter and it 's been sending hungry pizza lovers into a tailspin .
The pizza box pizza starts with a pepperoni pie that comes enveloped in a square pizza , replacing those boring non-edible boxes of yesteryear .
`` It 's a Sicilian pizza underneath—like a fluffy Sicilian pizza that forms the pizza box , ” said Vinnie 's owner Sean Berthiaume .
He says the idea came to him during slower business hours while he was thinking about customers coming in for a slice or two , then discarding their greasy boxes right away .
“ Sometimes I get a little upset when customers ask for a box and then they sit down and eat the pizza and they throw away the box right away . So that kinda clicked something in my brain . ”
So the pizza box is n't just delicious—but it 's also environmentally friendly .
But an entire box made of dough , sauce and cheesy goodness does n't come cheap . Each pizza box pizza costs $ 40 . And to keep it fresh , it 's wrapped in tin foil .
While many people want to help the environment by using less cardboard boxes , they still want to get their pizza delivered to their home .
Vinnie 's Pizzeria does deliver right to your doorstep but Berthiaume prefers customers enjoy his pizza in the store or come pick it up fresh .
I 'm not a fan of the new pound coin , but then again , I hate all change .
The winner is called Ken Cheng , his mother is from Beijing and his dad has Hong Kong roots . Ken was born and raised up in the UK .
Ken studied mathematics at Cambridge University since 2007 but soon dropped out to become a professional poker player .
He started comedy about six years ago . It was just a hobby at first and he did n't see it as a possible career until a couple of years ago . Ken reached the final of the 2015 BBC Radio New Comedy and his show ‘ Two birds with one stone ’ made a big success among the audience .
It is Ken ’ s first time in Edinburgh Festival Fringe which is world ’ s largest arts festival . He was surprised the joke won the award because it had been a “ groaner ” .
“ It was when they announced they were going to come up with a new coin , so I first came up with it in 2014 . ”
“ Audiences tend to groan at it a lot . I ’ m generally going after laughs , but I ’ ll take the groan . ”
“ The joke of the Fringe award is such a prestigious thing , and ultimately it ’ s just a fun thing to be involved in . I really enjoy it , and people seem to enjoy talking about it . ”
“ As a tribute , I will name my firstborn son after this award and call him ‘ Joke of the Fringe ’ ”
“ It ’ s been good for exposure , and I hope people come to see my show because of it , even though the joke does n't represent the show very well and it ’ s just one joke , but I ’ m very proud of the show , it 's something different and I ’ m glad I ’ m getting that exposure because of it . ”
2 . Trump ’ s nothing like Hitler . There ’ s no way he could write a book .
3 . I ’ ve given up asking rhetorical questions . What 's the point ?
4 . I ’ m looking for the girl-next-door type . I ’ m just gon na keep moving house till I find her .
5 . I like to imagine the guy who invented the umbrella was going to call it the ‘ brella ’ . But he hesitated .
6 . Combine Harvesters . And you ’ ll have a really big restaurant .
7 . I ’ m rubbish with names . It ’ s not my fault , it ’ s a condition . There ’ s a name for it…
8 . I have two boys , five and six . We ’ re no good at naming things in our house .
9 . I wasn ’ t particularly close to my dad before he died… which was lucky , because he trod on a landmine .
10 . Whenever someone says ‘ I don ’ t believe in coincidences ’ , I say ‘ Oh my God , me neither ! ’
1 . Laugh at yourself
2 . The key to understanding British humour is to know not to take yourself too seriously and to highlight your own flaws as much as possible . English people love to make jokes out of their own failures so as to show a more humble , approachable personality .
Example：I am so bad at cooking –I could burn water
3 . Sarcasm and irony
4 . Self-deprecation with a dose of understated sarcasm equals the soul of British humour . But sarcasm and irony are often produced with a deadpan delivery that will leave people wondering if it was a joke or not .
Sarcasm can be hard to spot in a new culture . The usual clues include an overemphasis on adjectives but British people even stress that less , making it even harder to understand . But it is used so often by British people in day-to-day life and people will detect it soon once they are used to the context .
Example：I absolutely love it when my train is delayed .
5 . Don ’ t take what they say seriously
British people are famous for being gentle and polite , but they do sometimes offend you with some tongue-in-cheek comments . Don ’ t get them wrong . These are not mean-spirited statements but rather a playful exchange of verbal sparring delivered with a smiling face and no apology .
Example：I can ’ t be friends with someone who doesn ’ t drink tea !
Motion Picture
Best Motion Picture-Drama : Moonlight
Best Motion Picture-Musical or Comedy : La La Land
Best Motion Picture-Animated : Zootopia
Best Motion Picture-Foreign Language : Elle ( France )
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture-Drama : Isabelle Huppert , Elle
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture–Drama : Casey Affleck , Manchester By The Sea
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture–Musical or Comedy : Emma Stone , La La Land
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture–Musical or Comedy : Ryan Gosling , La La Land
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture : Viola Davis , Fences
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture : Aaron Taylor-Johnson , Nocturnal Animals
Best Director–Motion Picture : Damien Chazelle , La La Land
Best Screenplay–Motion Picture : La La Land
Best Original Score–Motion Picture : La La Land
Best Original Song–Motion Picture : “ City of Stars , ” La La Land
Television Series
Best Television Series–Drama : The Crown
Best Television Series–Musical or Comedy : Atlanta
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television : The People Vs. O.J . Simpson : American Crime Story
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television : Sarah Paulson , The People Vs. O.J . Simpson : American Crime Story
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television : Tom Hiddleston , The Night Manager
Best Performance by an Actress In A Television Series–Drama : Claire Foy , The Crown
Best Performance by an Actor In A Television Series–Drama : Billy Bob Thornton , Goliath
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series–Musical or Comedy : Tracee Ellis Ross , Black-ish
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series–Musical or Comed : Donald Glover , Atlanta
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series , Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television : Olivia Colman , The Night Manager
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series , Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television : Hugh Laurie , The Night Manager
Cecil B. DeMille Award : Meryl Streep
`` Hollywood is crawling with outsiders and foreigners and if we kick them all out , you 'll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts , which are not the arts . ''
`` An actor 's only job is to enter the lives of people who are different from us and let you feel what that feels like . And there were many , many powerful performances this year that did exactly that -- breathtaking , compassionate work . ''
There was one `` performance '' this year that `` stunned '' her `` not because it was good -- there was nothing good about it . '' That was that moment when `` the person asking to sit in the most respected seat in our country imitated a disabled reporter , someone he outranked in privilege , power and the capacity to fight back . ''
`` It kind of broke my heart when I saw it and I still ca n't get it out of my head because it was n't in a movie , it was real life . This instinct to humiliate when it 's modeled by someone in the public ... by someone powerful , it filters down into everyone 's life because it kind of gives permission for other people to do the same . ''
`` When the powerful use their position to bully others , we all lose . ''
A German company recently sparked controversy after launching a line of women ’ s underwear that it claims can protect the wearer against sexual assault . Called ‘ Safe Shorts ’ the underpants are made of a slash and tearing-resistant fabric and feature a combination lock and a loud alarm system that goes off when the pants are tampered with .
Sandra Seilz , the creator of the Short Pants , says that as a frequent jogger she has been thinking about creating a protective garment for women for a long time . She revealed that she was once attacked by a group of three men who tried to pull her pants off , while she was jogging , and that this attack , as well as the wave of sexual assaults against women in Cologne during the last New Year ’ s Eve celebration inspired to create the Short Pants .
Short Pants feature three different forms of protection against assailants . First , the pants ’ drawstrings are made of a very tough material that makes them almost impossible to cut or tear , and the combination lock prevents the attacker from untying them or pulling off the underwear without first untying the drawstrings . Then there is the soft protector in the crotch area that prevents assailants from tearing the Soft Pants between the wearer ’ s legs . And finally , there is the alarm system that produces a loud acoustic signal ( 130 decibels ) when it detects that the pants are being tampered with . The wearer can also trigger the alarm voluntarily by sharply pulling the drawstrings to scare off the attackers and as a call for help .
“ Safe Shorts provide triple protection against sexual assaults , and we ’ re very proud of them , ” Seilz told the reporter .
The anti-sexual assault undergarments are currently available in two variants , Safe Shorts for jogging and Safe Pants for everyday use , which the designer claims can be worn under a skirt or with jeans . Despite the controversy surrounding this invention , the Oberhausen-based company that ’ s selling them claims that the demand from consumers has been overwhelming . Not only are German women scrambling to get their hands on at least one pair , but they ’ ve also received orders from countries and regions like Japan , Finland , Sweden , Italy , Taiwan and the United States .
Safety comes at a price though , because the Safe Shorts are anything but cheap . The jogging model costs €149 ( $ 160 ) and the everyday use one are €99.99 ( $ 107 ) .
Online reactions to Safe Shorts have been mixed . While a lot of people have been praising them as useful in case of a sexual assault , some claimed that they only shift focus from the real solution – preventing such attacks from occurring in the first place .
If the thought of eating a witchetty grub or a scorpion makes your skin crawl then you might need to get used to the thought pretty sharpish , at least according to some experts .
By 2050 , the population of the world is expected to hit 9 billion people . And that ’ s a lot of mouths to feed . Experts believe we will have to turn more and more to entomophagy , or using insects as food , in order to sustain humanity .
The diets in high-income countries filled with meat , which are being replicated in low and middle-income countries , doesn ’ t seem sustainable considering the toll it takes on the environment and on our health .
And when you consider that snails are a delicacy in nations including France , people in Thailand already happily tuck into grasshoppers and crickets , and not much separates a prawn from a scorpion , then it all seems a lot more palatable .
There are also health benefits to tucking into creepy crawlies . There are around 27g of protein per 100 grams , but between 35 to 48g in chapuline grasshoppers . And insects take up a lot less room than bigger livestock , like chicken , cows and pigs . In addition , most countries have access to or can import edible insects , with countries including Australia , China , and Mexico having a particularly large variety already available .
Designer Kobayashi Wataru is offering a small solution to the problem of making insects seem palatable for cultures where they aren ’ t yet widely eaten which his creation BugBug utensils . The range , which isn ’ t available in shops , includes especially designed chopsticks , a spork for picking up bugs , and a set of claws which slide over the fingers and help when eating bugs like crisps . He won UCL ’ s Institute of Making 'Cutlery Design Challenge ' with his design last year .
But he says that people who have interacted with his project haven ’ t been entirely convinced to ditch their chicken for insects . Not yet , at least .
“ I saw a girl covered her mouth while she was looking at the BUGBUG project , ” he says of an incident when he was showing his work at the New Designers festival in London last year .
“ Some people have said it ’ s interesting or that it ’ s scary . And other people just said 'sorry I ’ m vegetarian ' . ''
At the same time , his work has also sparked debate . People have been surprisingly accepting , he says .
`` At Designers block as part of London Design Festival , a Mexican lady told me they eat insects in her country already . Another Italian guy told me some Italian people ate cats long time ago in Venice . ”
“ If Western people and those in developed countries eat bugs , it might be possible to balance food resources across the world . Of course it wouldn ’ t be enough to only eat insects , as we have to reduce food wastes as well . ”
Those who are keen to get stuck in , he adds , shouldn ’ t attempt to eat bugs without doing some research beforehand .
“ If someone have an allergy for seashells , they might have the allergy from eating insects . Raw insects are also dangerous . So insects are not perfect foods . But if people don ’ t have allergy , they are worth trying . They taste good and they are nutritious . They just look bad . But if they were cheap and convenient to get , I would buy and eat them in my daily life . I ’ ve eaten grasshopper , mealworms , buffalo worms and crickets for my project . ”
He says he was inspired by ancient objects like stone axes and hand tools , as well as cutlery used to snap open crabs and scoop the flesh from snails .
“ Entomophagy is one of the most difficult food plans to be adopted in society because nobody takes eating bugs seriously in daily life . ”
“ I ’ d like to change the perception people have so they accept insects as meals in the future because we don ’ t have a lot of time until 2050 . ”
The Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show is headed to China .
The Angels will make their debut down the runway in Shanghai for the first time this fall . The show will be broadcast in more than 190 countries on Nov. 28 .
Models including Lily Aldridge , Martha Hunt and Alessandra Ambrosio will walk and pose in the company 's latest styles .
Many of this year 's models also walked in 2016 .
Gigi Hadid posted on Instagram Monday that she also would join .
Last year 's show took place in Paris . This year 's performers have n't been announced yet , but the 2016 lineup featured Lady Gaga , Bruno Mars and The Weeknd .
The new fashion show venue reflects VS ' aim to appeal to Chinese consumers and plan to expand in the nation 's `` fast-growing market , '' according to CNBC .
A flagship in Hong Kong is expected to be completed later in the year . In the meantime , 26 beauty- and accessories-only storefronts are already open on the Chinese mainland , and the brand 's first lingerie store on the Chinese mainland just opened in February .
The Victoria 's Secret Fashion Show 2017 will air on CBS Nov. 28 at 10 pm ET .
Coach is going First Class .
The leather-goods maker will no longer sell its handbags and purses at some `` lower volume '' department stores , the company announced Tuesday . The move comes in response to the brand 's perceived diluted appeal to wealthier shoppers amid mass market access .
According to Tuesday 's announcement , Coach will stop selling to around 250 locations in North America as of 2017 , and also strictly control any discounts that department stores can offer .
`` While we understand that customers may use department stores for trial and shopping across brands , the high level of promotional impressions created negatively impacts our long-term brand health , '' said Chief Executive Victor Luis during a conference call with analysts this week .
Once a category crusher , the 75-year-old company was forced to rethink its strategy in 2014 after reporting four straight quarterly losses , with shares falling a total of 39 percent that year .
Those losses were partially attributed to the fact that Coach 's loyal clientele had increasingly turned up its nose at the once-prestigious brand , whose less pricey CC line has been purchased in droves by younger consumers at steep discounts in malls and outlets .
After the appointment of Stuart Vevers as executive creative director in 2013 , Coach started a `` re-platforming '' of its brand . The company closed down one-fifth of its North American retail stores and renovated high-traffic , high-value stores ( such as Rodeo Drive ) to exude `` warmth '' and `` modern luxury , '' while returning to the company 's original horse and coach logo — along with its upper crust equestrian connotations .
The company also cut 150 jobs and started to phase out its lower-priced purses and handbag lines .
The strategy seems to be working . Business has picked up , with sales soaring by 15 percent this quarter — demonstrating that consumers are buying in to the renewed cachet .
Men with female bosses are more likely to ask for a pay rise because they feel their masculinity is under attack , a psychology study has suggested . Social scientists said they have found evidence that a fear of their masculinity being challenged would explain why some men act more assertively when they have a senior female colleague .
'Male subordinates experience especially strong levels of threat when interacting with a female superior , which further leads them to act assertively ' , Ekaterina Netchaeva of Bocconi University in Milan , which carried out the survey added .
'The explanation is rooted in the idea that men 's masculinity or manhood is elusive and tenuous . It is something that needs to be continuously bolstered , especially when it threatened by close association with femininity ' , she continues .
For the study , published in the Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin , researchers asked 52 male and 24 female college students to ask for a pay rise in a fake job interview , carried out by with both sexes of managers .
They found the men who had negotiated with a female boss were judged as more threatening , and pushed more for a higher salary . Women , however , did not notably change their behavior with a female or male boss , backing up the common trend that women are less pushy when it comes to pay negotiations .
The social scientists also found that when men received a hypothetical bonus to share with their colleagues for work completed , they were less likely to split it with a boss of the opposite sex than women .
Turning the lights out or wearing a blindfold while eating could be a quick way to lose weight , according to scientists .
The simple trick works because it stops diners eating for pleasure rather than for calories . It also triggers a part of the brain that is worried that unseen food may be rotten without visual clues to show it is fresh .
An experiment by the University of Konstanz , in Germany , found that people who were blindfolded consumed nine per cent fewer calories before they felt full , compared to those who could see .
They also vastly overestimated how much they had eaten because they could not see how much was left on the plate . Blindfolded volunteers estimated they had eaten 88 per cent more than they actually had .
Scientists believe that not seeing food on the table also allows the body to know when it is full in real-time rather than remembering past experiences where it might have taken a full plate to feel satiated .
It also prevents the ‘ cephalic ’ phase of digestion which is triggered by the sight of food , promoting salivation and the release of gastric juices and so makes food , literally , less easy to swallow .
Lead author Dr Britta Renner said : “ Visual deprivation caused a pronounced dissociation between actual and perceived intake .
“ This may provide an unobtrusive and naturalistic means to change the experience of eating behaviour . ''
To test the effect , 50 people were blindfolded with modified ski goggles , and 40 were allowed to see their food . All were told not to eat within two hours of the experiment . They were then given three 95g bowls of cherry , caramel and vanilla ice cream and invited to eat for 15 minutes . Their bowls were taken away and the remaining ice-cream measured , while the participants were quizzed on how much they thought they had eaten .
On average the group who could see ate 116g while the blindfolded groups ate 105g . However the blindfolded group believed they had eaten 197g while compared with 159g for the non-blind volunteers .
They were also asked how pleasant the ice-cream tasted and the blindfolded group rated the desert lower than those who could see .
“ The experienced pleasure of eating was significantly lower in the blindfolded group . Not seeing the food might have decreased its incentive value . Visual cues play an important role in the eating experience and in the overall dining experience . ''
Previous studies have shown that the visual impact of food plays a large part in the taste . While restaurants that allow diners to eat in the dark claim it triggers other senses , in fact eating in darkness is likely to taste far more bland than usual .
It 's a situation that most stressed office workers can all relate to : Long commutes , odd co-workers and a never-ending task list .
But on this occasion , it 's not your average city dweller who 's confronting the harsher aspects of adult life .
Meet Aggretsuko or Aggressive Retsuko , a 25-year-old cartoon red panda that slogs away in a mundane office job in Japan .
She might be a slick professional at work , but her cute exterior hides a darker reality : After hours , she bashes out her pent-up rage through some serious beer-swilling and heavy metal karaoke and dreams of one day leaving her dead-end job .
She 's also Japanese company Sanrio 's -- better known for Hello Kitty -- latest creation .
`` My target was working people or people who want to vent their frustration . I think ( Retsuko ) is a character that these people can empathize with , '' Yeti , Aggretsuko 's designer said .
Pointing to the changing nature of 'kawaii ' or cute culture , Yeti , who only wanted to be identified by her nickname , told CNN that traditional forms of cute from the Hello Kitty era were no longer making the cut .
`` People are interested in seeing more dynamic and newer characters , '' said Yeti .
As different generations have different needs , it 's unlikely that a disillusioned office worker would identify any longer with a romantic , girly , pink Hello Kitty , Griseldis Kirsh , a senior lecturer in contemporary Japanese culture at SOAS University of London , told CNN .
`` Another , slightly darker , more self-aware and tomboyish character -- which is perhaps a bit closer to people 's reality , but still likeable and cute enough , opens up new markets , targeting those who would not see themselves to be like Kitty , but more like Aggretsuko , '' explained Kirsh .
Japanese sales assistant Kazumi , 30 , told CNN that while Hello Kitty lived in `` dreamland , '' Retsuko reflected a typical working girl 's life in Japan .
`` We face situations that Retsuko experiences a lot at our office . It 's a typical Japanese culture trend , for both gender but especially girls , as we ca n't say `` no '' to boss and to our colleagues , '' said Kazumi .
In January 2017 , when Sanrio 's second English-language Aggretsuko video hit the internet , international fans were quick to relate to the cartoon 's plight with many referring to the red panda as their `` spirit animal . ''
`` I 'd wager that most young women who have worked an entry-level office job would be able to relate ( to Aggretsuko ) , '' Helen Tseng , a San-Francisco-based graphic designer , told CNN .
`` And while Aggretsuko is probably Sanrio 's most feminist character yet , I have male friends who relate just as deeply to her plight ( and love of alcohol and metal karaoke ) , '' added Tseng .
Bangkok 's back !
The Thai capital has bounced to the top of an annual list of the world 's most popular travel destinations after spending several years in the wilderness ( of second place ) .
Its return to the throne came at a cost to London which , after occupying pole position for two years , is trading places with its Asian rival .
Bangkok is projected to host 21.47 million `` international overnight visitors '' this year , according to the 2016 report by financial services corporation MasterCard .
That figure is more than two times the city 's population of about 10 million .
Bangkok 's 2014-15 fall from the top was largely put down to political instability in recent years .
But there 's no escaping Bangkok 's allure : a vibrant urban and culinary scene and proximity to some of the world 's most beautiful beaches and islands .
London , meanwhile , is expected to welcome 18.88 million visitors this year .
Paris is in third place with 18.03 million forecast visitors .
MasterCard says its index reflects the interconnectedness of major global cities and tracks the ways in which business and leisure jet-setters spend their money .
Ranked fourth with 15.27 million visitors , Dubai `` made a quantum leap to become the global top-ranked '' in visitor spending , the report says .
Based on a new estimate provided by the government of Dubai , its visitor spending of $ 31.3 billion this year far exceeds London 's estimated $ 19.8 billion , which comes second .
According to the index , tourists are `` spending overwhelmingly '' to shop -- and not to dine -- in the top 20 destinations outside of Europe , despite many of them being world-famous cuisine capitals .
Top 10 destination cities in 2016
The European Union 's commissioner for climate action and energy has said `` climate diplomacy '' will be at the heart of Europe 's relationship with China throughout 2015 .
In an exclusive interview ahead of the ongoing two sessions , Miguel Arias Canete also said the EU was `` ready to work '' with China to tackle global warming .
The Spanish-born official appealed to other countries to `` come forward '' with their pledges to cut emissions as part of the UN global deal in the first quarter of this year .
Canete was speaking in the wake of `` lengthy and detailed '' discussions in Brussels about climate negotiations with Xie Zhenhua , former vice-minister of the National Development and Reform Commission and China 's lead climate negotiator .
This year marks the 40th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the EU and China and the commissioner said `` climate diplomacy '' will be `` at the heart '' of cooperation between the two in 2015 .
The EU-China summit later this year , said Canete , will be a `` great opportunity '' for the EU and China to `` reaffirm our commitment '' to make the keenly-awaited Paris climate change conference in December a success .
`` But the dialogue between our two countries on climate runs a lot deeper than the few major events we have planned throughout the year , '' he said .
Canete thought it may still be difficult weaning China off coal , its biggest source of energy . `` There is no question that phasing out coal , the most polluting of fossil fuels , will be a challenge for China , as it is for all countries . ''
The EU , he argued , has also faced the challenge of phasing out coal , a fuel that used to `` coat our cities in layers of pollution '' .
`` Although we have made much progress in reducing our coal dependence , we still to have a way to go , and we understand how difficult the challenge is . We are ready to work with China and share our experiences . ''
Canete , who was appointed in 2014 , said that in their recent meeting he and Xie talked about the timings and content of Chinese and EU contributions to the UN deal , and what the final agreement should look like .
`` We also agreed to meet regularly throughout the year in the run-up to Paris . Working with China is one of my top priorities , and I believe our relationship can be one of the engines of the climate negotiations , '' Canete said .
The historic US-China climate agreement in November has sparked optimism on climate change cooperation between industrialized and developing countries . `` I am optimistic , yes , but not complacent , '' Canete said .
China 's CO2 emissions are more than four times India 's total but Beijing made a pledge , as part of the Copenhagen voluntary commitments in 2009 , to reduce its carbon intensity by 40-45percent by 2020 , compared to 2005 .
Back in October of last year , the 28 member states of the EU collectively committed to a fully transparent , legally binding target of at least 40 percent reductions in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030 .
`` Now that the US and China have followed suit , together we have provisional pledges covering 50 percent of the world 's emissions , '' Canete said .
He added : `` We should build on this progress and all countries should now work on their formal submissions to send to the UN as early as possible . ''
Call it life experience or the school of hard knocks , by 50 we all have the hindsight to know which decisions were good ones and which decisions were , well , a result of youthful naïveté .
But whether you 're a firm believer in `` everything happens for a reason '' or you wish the brains at Google would develop a time machine , you 've probably learned a thing or two from your failures .
We asked our Facebook fans what they wish they 'd known at 25 that they know now . Here 's what they said every 20-something ought to know about life .
1 . Speak up more .
As the saying goes , it 's the squeaky wheel that gets the grease . You are your one and only true advocate , so never be afraid to stand up for yourself and speak your mind , because regret 's a b**** .
2 . Know when to walk away .
Many readers voiced that walking away , while it may be a difficult decision , is sometimes the best thing you can do for yourself . And the quicker you can come to this realization , the more you can save yourself from making up for lost time .
3 . Save more money .
Retirement is no joke , as you 'll learn by 50 . As you stare at the bleak reality of your 401K , you might find yourself counting every nickel and dime you wasted on frivolous expenses . So pack your lunch , find street parking ( or take the bus ) and remember that a penny saved is a penny earned , as cheesy as it sounds .
4 . Re-think a college major .
A few readers mentioned how they wish they 'd re-considered their choice of college major , or even thought twice before dropping out .
5 . Travel more .
You 're only young once . So before you get tied down by responsibilities of a mortgage , a spouse and kids , it 's a good idea to explore the world and all it has to offer ( as long as it does n't break the bank ! ) . Consider working abroad . Visit the city you dream about all day . Just go somewhere that will make you look up and around rather than down at your smartphone .
6 . Incur less debt .
Do n't buy things you do n't need and think long and hard before getting a credit card . No matter what they tell you , it 's not free money , and no matter how high the limit , you should n't go blow it all on designer duds and a fancy vacation . Debt sucks in any form . Instead , focus on building a solid credit history and credit score so you can finally nab a killer interest rate when you go sign a mortgage .
7 . Wear more sunscreen .
Basking in the rays may pay off in the short run with a glistening tan , but in the long run it leads to age spots , wrinkling and sagging of the skin . So grab the SPF year-round , reach for self-tanner or just embrace your skin tone for what it is .
8 . Think carefully before marriage .
Several readers voiced they would have waited to get married . One reader said she would have waited until at least 30 . While there 's no hard and fast rule everyone can apply , it 's sound advice at any age — to think carefully before you wed .
9 . Slow down .
Too many of us waste precious moments because we 're too busy connected to our digital devices or on social media or worrying about the next career move . Life is short . Savor it . We think a reader put it perfectly : “ I would not have been so driven to be successful and work 80 hours a week to make partner all those years . I would have lingered . I would have defined myself by more than what I did for a living . ”
10 . Get a better education .
As the saying goes , nobody can take your accomplishments away from you . Education is one of those accomplishments . Many readers wished they would have either gone to or stuck to college . Whether it 's to land you the career of your dreams , or to meet people from different walks of life or to learn to see things a little differently , education is always a good choice , whatever form it takes .
11 . Consider health issues .
By 25 you might have noticed your metabolism slowing down . Looking after yourself at this time is about creating habits ( and breaking bad ones ) that will lead to a long life in which you 're healthy enough to do everything you want to do . So quit smoking or cut back on the alcohol . As many of you said , little changes can lead to big benefits in the long run .
Feeding knowledge directly into your brain , just like in sci-fi classic The Matrix , could soon take as much effort as falling asleep , scientists believe .
Researchers claim to have developed a simulator which can feed information directly into a person 's brain and teach them new skills in a shorter amount of time , comparing it to `` life imitating art '' .
In the neo-noir sci-fi classic , protagonist Neo is able to learn kung fu in seconds after the martial art is 'uploaded ' straight to his brain .
Researchers from HRL Laboratories , based in California , say they have found a way to amplify learning , only on a much smaller scale than seen in the Hollywood film .
They studied the electric signals in the brain of a trained pilot and then fed the data into novice subjects as they learned to pilot an aeroplane in a realistic flight simulator .
The study , published in the journal Frontiers in Human Neuroscience , found that subjects who received brain stimulation via electrode-embedded head caps improved their piloting abilities and learnt the task 33 percent better than a placebo group .
`` Our system is one of the first of its kind . It 's a brain stimulation system , '' explained Dr Matthew Phillips .
`` It sounds kind of sci-fi , but there 's large scientific basis for the development of our system . ''
`` The specific task we were looking at was piloting an aircraft , which requires a synergy of both cognitive and motor performance .
`` When you learn something , your brain physically changes . Connections are made and strengthened in a process called neuro-plasticity .
`` It turns out that certain functions of the brain , like speech and memory , are located in very specific regions of the brain , about the size of your pinky . ''
Dr Matthew believes that brain stimulation could eventually be implemented for tasks like learning to drive , exam preparation and language learning .
`` What our system does is it actually targets those changes to specific regions of the brain as you learn , '' he added.|
`` The method itself is actually quite old . In fact , the ancient Egyptians 4000 years ago used electric fish to stimulate and reduce pain .
`` Even Ben Franklin applied currents to his head , but the rigorous , scientific investigation of these methods started in the early 2000s and we 're building on that research to target and personalise a stimulation in the most effective way possible .
`` What we found is … brain stimulation seems to be particularly effective at actually improving learning . ''
Smog in Europe and North America could be more than 25 times more lethal than the average air pollution found in Chinese cities , a new study suggests .
In the largest ever study of its kind in the developing world , researchers tested the effects of air pollution on the health of people in 272 cities in China .
They found average annual exposure to fine particles , known as PM2.5 , in those cities was more than five times higher than the level recommended by the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) , according to a paper in the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine .
However they also discovered that it was much less likely to increase the death rate than PM2.5 in Europe and North America .
The researchers , led by Dr Maigeng Zhou , of the Chinese Centre for Disease Control and Prevention , suggested this was because China is affected by large amounts of natural dust blown by the wind from arid areas , while most pollution in the West comes from industry .
They found that for every increase of 10 micrograms of air pollution in a cubic metre of air , the mortality rate increased by 0.22 percent , discounting deaths from accidents .
Professor Frank Kelly , an expert in environmental health at King ’ s College London , who was not involved in the study but has studied air pollution in China , told The Independent : “ Those relative risks are considerably less than those seen in Europe and the US .
“ For premature mortality [ in Europe ] we are working on a six percent increase per 10 micrograms . ”
That suggests air pollution in Europe is about 27 times more toxic than average air pollution in China .
However Professor Kelly said cities like Beijing , Shanghai and Hong Kong were likely to suffer from Western-style air pollution .
`` The natural dust component there is not of the magnitude that it would dwarf the coal , biomass and fossil fuel signals , ” he said .
“ That [ the lower mortality rate ] may be true in certain cities whose pollution is not dominated by local power generation or major traffic congestion . ”
Natural dust particles can cause physical damage to the lungs and trigger an asthma attack . Particles of carbon produced when fossil fuels are burned can lead to similar problems but they are also coated with toxic heavy metals , chemicals and volatile organic compounds .
These are able to pass from the lungs into the blood stream where it is thought they cause further damage to the body .
Areeba Hamid , an air pollution campaigner with environmental group Greenpeace , said : “ Toxic air causes havoc to people ’ s health wherever in the world they live .
“ We now know fumes from diesel vehicles are a lot more toxic than car companies claimed and this is a big cause of air pollution in Europe and North America .
“ These companies have a lot to answer for , but so far they ’ ve managed to avoid any real accountability . ”
The study of cities in China found the average annual expose to PM2.5 was 56 micrograms per cubic metre , compared to the WHO guideline limit for safe air quality of 10 micrograms .
People who were older than 75 , had less education or who lived in hotter places were more likely to die .
It is thought people in warmer cities were more likely to spend time outside or leave their windows open , thereby breathing more polluted air , the researchers said .
They also speculated that less well educated people might have poorer access to health care or experience poorer environmental health conditions .
Our strongest personality traits can be deduced simply from our facial features , scientists believe .
Research shows those with higher IQs are usually good-looking , while those with wider faces are usually perceived as being more powerful and successful .
There is even evidence that sexual deviancy can be picked up from facial features , with paedophiles more likely to have minor facial flaws .
The new evidence means the judgments we make when we meet strangers - which is usually concluded in less than a tenth of a second - are often accurate .
Mark Fetscherin , professor of international business at Rollins College , Florida , has recently found a link between company profits and the shape of its chief executive 's face .
In his new book , CEO Branding , Mr Fetscherin describes how the executive tended to have wider faces than the average male .
A wider face means that the person is viewed as dominant and successful , Mr Fetscherin said . He also found a positive link between that shape face and the profits of the company .
He told The Sunday Times : 'Facial width-to-height ratio correlates with real world measures of aggressive and ambitious behavior and is associated with a psychological sense of power . '
British researchers found a similar result when they analysed the results of FTSE chief executives .
Jamie Ward , professor of psychology and his co-author Shuaa Alrajih , suggested the underlying factor was high levels of testosterone , which is linked to aggression and the pursuit of dominance . Testosterone can also influence bone and muscle structure .
A typical example might be advertising agency boss Martin Sorrell , who runs WPP , and sportsmen such as Vinnie Jones .
Elsewhere , scientists also believe people can decipher negative attributes from a person 's face . At Cornell University , scientists showed subjects mugshots of those who were guilty and innocent and found the majority could tell them apart .
Researchers have also found that those with a high IQ tend to be better looking .
An example is Kate Beckinsale , who won poetry awards as a teenager , then studied Russian literature and English at Oxford .
Actress Natalie Portman also graduated with a psychology degree from Havard in 2003 .
Leslie Zebrowitz , professor of social relations at Brandeis University , near Boston , said the trend was due to the high quality of DNA , with few mutations , that those people have inherited .
We ’ ve heard many stories of individuals across the world who ’ ve adopted a zero-waste lifestyle , but it ’ s not often that we come across an entire community that is trying to become waste-free . The residents of Kamikatsu , Japan , take recycling so seriously that they actually hope to become the nation ’ s first zero-waste community by 2020 .
Kamikatsu has no garbage trucks – so residents need to compost their kitchen scraps at home . They also have to wash and sort the rest of their trash into 34 different categories , and bring it to the recycling center themselves where workers make sure that the waste goes into the correct bins . It apparently took some time for the residents to get used to this rule , but they eventually managed to adapt to the drastic changes and are now seeing them as normal .
The Japanese town has turned recycling into a streamlined process – there are separate bins for different types of paper products – newspapers , magazines , cartons , and flyers . Even plastic bottles and their caps go into different bins as do aluminum , spray , and steel cans are collected separately too . Many of these items are resold or repurposed into usable clothing , toys , and accessories . The labels on each bin show the recycling process for that specific item , so the residents know exactly what happens to their trash .
Reuse is highly encouraged in Kamikatsu – they have a local kuru-kuru shop where residents can exchange used items with new things at no extra cost . And the kuru-kuru factory employs women to make bags , clothes , and stuffed dolls out of discarded items . Businesses are also encouraged to participate in responsible waste management – the town has a zero-waste brewery , housed in a building constructed of reused materials .
With a population of just over 1,700 , Kamikatsu recycles about 80 percent of its trash and only 20 percent goes to landfills , so you could say that the town is very close to achieving its goal . They ’ ve been practicing prudent waste management for the past 13 years after declaring their zero-waste ambition in 2003 and giving up their old practice of dumping trash into open fires .
“ If you get used to it , it becomes normal , ” a Kamikatsu resident said in a video made by YouTube channel Seeker Stories . “ It can be a pain , and at first we were opposed to the idea . Now I don ’ t think about it . It ’ s become natural to separate the trash correctly . ”
All the recycling facilities in Kamikatsu are managed by a Zero Waste Academy which also regularly hosts groups of local schoolchildren and foreign visitors , educating them on the benefits of a zero waste lifestyle . Every years , the Academy receives around 2,500 visitors from all around the world , all eager to learn more about zero-waste and how Kamikatsu has managed to implement its principles in such a short period of time .
German company Kaffeeform combines dried coffee grounds and biopolymer to create stylish-looking coffee cups and saucers that are not only durable and dishwasher-safe , but even smell a bit like coffee .
For every cup of coffee you brew , about two tablespoons of grounds wind up in the trash . That doesn ’ t seem like a lot , but just think about the millions of coffees consumed around the world every single day , and you ’ ll start to see the problem . Sure , some of those coffee grounds are recycled as fertilizer or beauty products like face masks , but most of it ends up at landfills . It was while contemplating this issue that German product designer Julian Lechner came up with a radical new and sustainable way of recycling coffee grounds – turning them into tableware .
Lechner first came up with the idea of using coffee grounds to create eco-friendly crockery while attending university in the Italian city of Bolzano . “ We were always drinking coffee at university , ” he remembers . “ Before classes , after classes , meeting friends , hanging out at espresso bars—all the time . And that ’ s how I started to wonder , What happens to all that coffee ? It was all just getting thrown away. ” He began consulting with his professors about ways of using coffee grounds to create a solid material , but it took him years to actually come up with a viable solution .
“ We tried binding with a lot of different things , ” Julian Lechner told VICE Munchies . “ We even tried sugar . That was close , but basically it was a candy cup . It just kept dissolving after being used three times. ” The whole point was to make the material durable , so it was back to the drawing board for him and his partners at a German research institute . Finally , after many failed experiments , long nights and liters of coffee , they came up with a mix of coffee grounds wood grains and a biopolymer of cellulose , lignin , and natural resins that seemed to behave the way Julian had envisioned it when he first embarked on his quest .
“ The moment of knowing the cup would actually stand was super-exciting , ” he recalls . “ After such a long time , you have to really believe in an idea and that it can eventually work . It was overwhelming to drink that first coffee out of the cup . It proved to be totally worth the wait. ” And the fact that his creation has proven commercially successful is just the icing on the cake . Kaffeeform coffee cups and saucers are now present in ten shops across Europe , and the company can hardly keep up with demand , regularly selling out of its stock online . And they ’ ve only been in business for a year .
“ It basically all happened through word of mouth , ” Lechner says about the success of his company . “ It ’ s amazing to think of some of the places where orders have come from . A lot of individuals , but also a café in Saudi Arabia , Ritz Carlton Toronto , and the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo to sell in their museum [ gift shop ] . ”
Kaffeeform will soon launch a larger line of coffee grounds cups for cappuccino , and is also working on a travel mug . But those are just short-term plans , as Lechner hopes to one day use recycled coffee grounds to create all sort of useful stuff . “ What ’ s next ? I ’ d love to see if we could one day create sheets , ” he says . “ Perhaps they could later be used for furniture in cafés and restaurants . ”
You 've probably seen them everywhere on social media : Selfies of your friends turned into cartoonish portraits .
Chinese app Meitu -- which has gained popularity in the US within the past two weeks -- adds colorful , caricature-like features , such as bigger eyes , tear drops and accessories like feathers and flowers , to photos .
But now the app has now found itself in hot water . It 's collecting information about you for advertising purposes .
If you have an iPhone , the free app is tracking location and mobile carrier information , your IP address and generates a unique identifier to track you . It also quietly shares Android users ' IMEIs , the unique code that identifies individual devices , and sends that data back to servers in China .
Meitu asks for some of these permissions -- but not all -- at the time of download .
However , security researchers say this method is n't much different than what many apps already do . The process is similar to how you 're currently tracked by ads around the web .
In this case , Meitu 's developers wrote a piece of code into the app , so advertisers could see who is using it and what they 're viewing .
`` Most of the sketchy things being reported in Meitu are [ of ] the numerous ad trackers baked into the software , which can generate revenue for the software authors , '' forensic expert Jonathan Zdziarski told CNNTech . `` It 's a rather widespread problem among mobile apps and not just on any one platform . ''
Although Meitu says it does n't sell user data , other apps that collect similar information might . It 's possible to change what type of data you give to apps through `` App Permissions '' in Settings on Android and in under `` Privacy '' on iOS .
Ad trackers found in OS and Android apps can often create headaches for users behind the scenes . For example , they run in the background of smartphones and often drain batteries .
Apple hides secret job advert to attract world 's best tech talent
The world 's biggest technology companies are known for asking difficult questions and running strange competitions in a bid to attract top talent .
Apple took the recruiting game a step further this week and hid a job advert on its website . The posting , for a technical engineer , said : `` Hey there ! You found us . We are looking for a talented engineer to develop a critical infrastructure component . ''
But the stunt backfired when a journalist discovered the post by mistake . Zack Whittaker , security editor for US news site ZDNet , stumbled on the advert when he was analysing information sent from iPhone apps to advertisers .
`` Trust me , there was little proficiency needed to find the page , which , since it was widely reported , has been taken down , '' said Whittaker .
He added that he did not apply for the job , which has now been removed .
Apple is not the first organisation to seek new technical talent in innovative ways . The use of puzzles and cryptic challenges to find people skilled in security stretches back to World War Two , when code breaking site Bletchley Park published puzzles in newspapers .
Britain 's security agency GCHQ is also known for using online quizzes in recruitment drives and , in 2015 , it ran a nationwide campaign with cryptic graffiti .
Google has also hidden tasks for job seekers within its website . An engineer searching on Google 's website in 2015 for a list of technical functions was met with message that said : `` You 're speaking our language . Up for a challenge ? ''
After Max Rosett completed six challenges the search giant asked for his resume and contact details . Three months later he started working at Google .
Technology companies also have a reputation for cryptic interview questions . Apple has previously asked difficult questions of candidates , to which it is normally looking for specific answers . People who have interviewed at the company have reported questions including , `` Are you smart ? '' and `` If you had to float an iPhone in mid-air , how would you do it ? ''
A Google interviewee was once asked : `` A man pushed his car to a hotel and lost his fortune . What happened ? '' The answer : he was playing Monopoly .
Stung by breach after breach after breach after gaffe at the White House , the Secret Service is asking Congress for $ 8 million—so it can build another White House .
New Director Joseph Clancy will today ask the House Appropriations Committee for $ 8 million to construct a detailed replica of the presidential mansion in Beltsville , Md. , right down to the East and West wings , the outside façade , guard booths , grounds , and roads , the New York Times reports ; the design is still in the planning stages . The faux White House will act as a training ground for Secret Service recruits , offering a `` more realistic environment , conducive to scenario-based training exercises , '' Clancy says in prepared remarks obtained by the Times .
Although a panel set up by Homeland Security chief Jeh Johnson recommended simply erecting a higher fence after a man made it through the White House 's front door last year , it also acknowledged that the `` problems exposed by recent events go deeper than a new fence can fix , '' the Times notes . Instead , panel members say Secret Service personnel should dedicate more time to training , as well as train in an area that 's similar to the area they 'll be charged with protecting . A fake White House is n't the only funding request the Secret Service is making : It also wants a budget allotment to make over a `` live-fire shoot house '' and for fixes for a `` tactical village '' training site , which emulates city streets . ( If Egypt can build a whole new capital city , why ca n't we build a new White House ? )
France is one step closer to legalizing euthanasia after approving a bill that allows doctors to sedate terminally ill patients until they die .
The bill stops short of recommending lethal injections and avoids the terms euthanasia or assisted suicide , but would give people 'the right to deep , continuous sedation until death ' .
This must be at the patient 's request , but only when their condition is life-threatening in the short-term .
The proposed measure was passed by a vote of 436 to 34 in France 's lower house of Parliament , and it must now be debated by the Senate .
Backed by the Socialist government , the bill would also force doctors in France to follow end-of-life instructions expressed by the patients themselves , or written in advance if they are no longer able to state their wishes .
Earlier this month in a speech at France 's lower house of Parliament , Prime minister Manuel Valls praised 'a reform that proclaims the right to die peacefully , in dignity and without suffering ' .
The bill has stirred debate in France . It has prompted protests by those claiming the bill amounts to disguised euthanasia , as well as pro-euthanasia campaigners who believe it does not go far enough .
Doctors are also divided about the idea . So-called terminal or 'palliative sedation ' can involve medicating patients until they die naturally of their illnesses , or until they starve .
The method does not actively kill patients , but some doctors say it can mean patients are sedated for weeks before they die , and that it may be more humane to euthanize .
It 's the trend that has brought sexy… well , back . Last week the Duchess of Cambridge followed celebrities including Naomi Campbell , Sienna Miller , Cressida Bonas and Emily Blunt by exposing her back - or a bit of it at least - in a sheer , pale blue gown at the premiere of Spectre .
She outshone actresses Rachel Weisz and Monica Bellucci by giving us a tantalising glimpse of flesh .
True or not , Kate is showing real fashion sense , says international stylist Henny Letailleur : 'It is much more sophisticated and timelessly elegant than previous trends .
'Before , you had the focus on a large cleavage and then it went to bottoms , which was taken to a ridiculous level by Kim Kardashian . '
The pendulum has now swung back , she says - the look is effortless and elegant : 'There is nothing sexier than a sly glimpse of a honed back . Not everyone can pull it off . You ca n't have any rolls of back fat . '
Or too many exposed ribs . The fashion , also adopted by designer Victoria Beckham , is said to have been encouraged by photographers requesting different poses on the red carpet , encouraging celebrities to turn as well as smile .
There is another reason backless dresses have been ubiquitous this year : the women wearing them want you to know they have been doing Pilates , and have developed that perfect , signature V-shape .
Last month was the third-warmest June in history , putting 2017 on track to make a hat-trick of the hottest years on record .
Experts said it is now 'almost certain ' that 2017 will become the third year in a row to break global temperature records .
The figures confirm that global warming is now at levels not seen for 115,000 years , leaving experts with little hope of limiting warming to global targets of 2 C .
The first half of 2017 was the second warmest on record for Earth , behind only last year , according to new temperature data .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced last Wednesday that Earth 's average temperature from January to June was 14.4 C , which is 0.9 C warmer than the 20th century average .
Record warmth was measured in much of Mexico , western Europe , eastern Russia , eastern Africa and eastern China .
Globally , June was the third warmest on record in records going back to 1880 , beaten only by the two preceding Junes in 2015 and 2016 .
The figures align closely with NASA data released recently , which found that the June of this year was the fourth-hottest on record .
NASA climate data is calculated in a different way , and found that the June of 1998 was marginally warmer than this year .
Based on these results , Gavin Schmidt , director of NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies , said that 2017 will 'almost certainly ' be among the top three hottest years .
'With update to June , 2017 will almost certainly be a top 3 year in the GISTEMP record ( most likely 2nd warmest ~57 % chance ) , ' he said on Twitter .
Michael Mann , from Pennsylvania State University , has previously published research showing that recent record temperatures have less than a one in a million chance of occurring naturally .
'We have a follow-up article that we 've submitted showing that the likelihood of three consecutive record-breaking years such as we saw in 2015-2017 was similarly unlikely , ' he told the Guardian .
'In short , we can only explain the onslaught of record warm years by accounting for human-caused warming of the planet . '
As the National People 's Congress , the country 's top legislature , opens its annual session on Sunday , here is a selection of ministers ' comments on important policies from the famous `` ministers ' passage '' at the two sessions -- the annual meetings of the National People 's Congress ( NPC ) and the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) National Committee .
The `` ministers ' passage '' , also known as `` the ministers ' red carpet '' , is the 100-meter passage near the northern gate of the Great Hall of the People where ministers and other high-ranking officials must walk through before entering the meeting hall .
Govt will not tolerate 'subsidy cheating ' by new energy vehicles
China has zero tolerance for `` subsidy cheating '' by some new energy vehicle makers and the country will introduce new policies as the subsidies will be phased out by 2020 , Minister of Industry and Information Technology Miao Wei said on Sunday .
Miao said the government will improve the existing policies and strengthen the regulation on subsidies offered to carmakers .
The minister made the comments before the opening of the annual meeting of the National People 's Congress , the country 's top legislature .
Miao said the government is also studying alternative policies as the government will end the subsidy policy in 2020 .
`` We are planning to set up a new trading system based on the energy consumption of the traditional and the new energy vehicles , '' Miao said , adding the ministry is soliciting public opinions on its website .
Singers wearing solemn black suits look seriously into the camera .
You may think they are about to perform a piece of classical music , until their cat ears give them away .
And as they start to sing , you may be surprised not only by the lyrics but by the animal noises made for fun throughout the performance .
The song , called So Far , the Sofa is So Far , uses daily life in Beijing as a backdrop for complaints about overtime work among office workers .
Since it was released on Sina Weibo on July 27 , it got 3 million clicks within 7 hours .
The band , Shanghai Rainbow Indoor Chorus , consists of young people from many walks of life , including programmers , designers and accountants , as well as graduate students in anthropology , chemistry and gourmet food .
`` This is a musical work that touches a raw nerve with workers . By exposing young people 's exhaustion through ridicule , we aim to reduce their pressure in an interesting manner , '' composer Jin Chengzhi said .
Some netizens said the self-deprecating sentiments in the tune struck a chord with them , while others said they have been brainwashed by the melody and felt a sudden impulse to quit their jobs and relax .
`` The series of songs from the band changed my impression of the chorus . High art can also be combined with mass culture . A successful artwork can always reflect the happiness and sorrow of the general public , '' Sina Weibo user Purple-sagittarius said .
It is just another way that young people in China have expressed their attitudes toward life .
`` Young Chinese seem to enjoy finding happiness in suffering . However , after throwing crazy and entertaining parties , getting back into reality for a better life is the universal truth that never changes , '' an English teacher working in Beijing said .
Seven sensational online songs from 2004 to 2016
With the development of widely used Internet , people have cheaper and easier access to music than before . Distributing a song through the Internet does not cost as much in terms of time and hard cash as the old the way of CDs or tapes . A great quantity of online music has been born in the past 10 years , among which some songs became very hot and were known as `` miraculous songs '' . Let 's take a look at seven popular online songs from 2004 to the present .
An online song titled Zhang Shichao , Where On Earth Did You Keep the Keys to My Apartment has become popular on the Internet . Some netizens considered it the first `` miraculous song '' of 2016 .
Zhang Shichao , Where On Earth Did You Keep the Keys to My Apartment ( 2016 )
The song was regarded by netizens as the first `` miraculous song '' of this year . It uses a serious male and female chorus to present simple and plain lyrics . This contrast makes the song sound funny and laughable . The song was created by Jin Chenzhi , a young composer and conductor .
Netizens said the song is `` talk about nonsense in a serious way '' . But will it be the real miraculous song in 2016 ? It is still too early to make a judgment , because there are still many months being left to test it .
All Northeasterners are Living Lei Feng ( 2004 )
All Northeasterners are Living Lei Feng became popular on the Internet in China in 2004 . The lyrics are simple and easy to remember . The song tells the story of a man hurt in a car accident who was rescued by a northeasterner . The song ended with `` Cui Hua , serve pickled cabbage '' ( pickled cabbage is popular in Northeast China ) . The creator , Xue Cun , who also sang the song , adds a northeastern accent in it .
Compared to most `` serious music '' , either about romance or an ode to the motherland , the song is funny and joyous . It quickly became hot as the Internet became more widely used .
Mouse Love Rice ( 2004 )
Mouse Love Rice is another hot online song . Although still about romance , the creator uses a mouse 's fondness for rice as a metaphor for passion between the sexes . In most romantic songs , love is often aesthetically described in terms of flowers , moonlight , clouds or rain . But in Mouse Love Rice , romance looks simpler yet purer when it is compared to the relationship between a mouse and rice .
In 2005 , it was downloaded more than 10 million times by Chinese mobile phone users .
Tan Te ( 2010 )
Tan Te was created by professional folk singer Gong Linna and her husband . Before becoming an Internet sensation in China , the original Tan Te had been performed by Gong in Germany in 2006 . Unlike other songs , it has no lyrics , but only mimetic words . Plus Gong performed the song with very vivid and exaggerated facial expressions , which gives audiences a fresh beat . Tan Te is the first online music to have been titled a `` miraculous song '' .
The music video received millions of hits on the Internet . Many netizens imitated the song and upload their own version . Even Faye Wong tried to sing Tan Te , but later admitted on her Weibo account that it is very difficult .
The Coolest Ethic Trend ( 2009 )
Zhang Chao , a member of Chinese pop band Phoenix Legend , composed The Coolest Ethic Trend and it went hot with the widespread popularity of square dancing in 2011 . In 2012 , it ranked first among the top 500 popular songs for 27 weeks on Baidu online music . Because of its lively rhythm , the song is often chosen to accompany a square dance .
Zhang added many elements of Chinese folk music to the song , such as the drum in the Cantonese lion dance and the folk music of the Gaoshan ethnic group .
Little Apple ( 2014 )
Little Apple was created by Xiao Yang and Wang Taili , members of the Chopstick Brothers . The music video soon hit No.1 on the top hit lists of major online music websites within two weeks after its distribution . The joyous rhythm , simple but lively movements of the dance and funny stories in the music video contributed to its huge success . The song and dance are suitable for a group of people to dance together , which goes well with the situation in China : the country has such a large population .
It won the award for international song of the year at the American Music Awards in 2014 . The dance was imitated by both the old and the young and the music video was adapted to many versions of parodies by the public .
My Skateboard Shoes ( 2014 )
The public still questions the popularity of My Skateboard Shoes and its creator , Joseeh Punmanlon . Unlike other online music , which was created by professional musicians or singers , My Skateboard Shoes is the work of a young man whose real name is Pang Mingtao . Pang was born in a small village in Hanzhong in Shaanxi province and has no academic or professional training in music . But he endeavors to realize his music dream . The lyrics are simple with no special rhythm . One part of the lyrics , `` rub , rub , rub on the slippy floor/rub , rub , the steps of the Devil '' , became the most quotable sentences .
The notion that life on Earth has alien origins is nothing new , but a pair of researchers believe that they have cracked an ancient code which prove that life was planted on Earth by extraterrestrial beings .
Maxim Makukov from the Fesenkov Astrophysical Institute in Almaty , Kazakhstan , claims to have discovered an “ intelligent-like signal ” that is encoded into our genetic material .
Although he admits that the theory is “ out there ” , he and his research mentor , mathematician Vladmir shCherbak , believe that they have conclusive evidence that a message , or a signature , is in our genetic code .
Panspermia is the process in which life is transferred from one planet to another . Some biologists believe that life on Earth began when an asteroid collided with Mars , causing the supposedly once microbial-full soil to be flung Earthbound .
The Kazakhstani duo have taken this one step further , and believe that life is a result of `` directed panspermia '' – something was intentionally sent towards Earth to kickstart life .
By analysing the genetic code – which is the set of rules which translate DNA into proteins and does not alter as it is passed down through generations – they note that the number 37 crops up several times .
One instance is that the mass of the molecular core shared by all 20 amino acids is 74 – which is 37 doubled .
Another is in 'Rumer 's transformation ' . Yuri Rumer first identified in 1966 that the genetic code can be divided equally in half , with one half being `` whole family '' codons – a codon being three structural units within DNA – and the other half being `` split family '' , which do not have the AC code , an amino acid that is used to build proteins .
There are a total of 28 codons which have a total atomic mass of 1665 and a combined side chain atomic mass of 703 – both of which are multiples of 37 .
The scientists have a total of nine examples in their research paper published in Icarus , where they state that the chances of the number 37 appearing this many times by random in the genetic code in a staggering one in 10 trillion .
Prof Makukov told New Scientist : “ It was clear right away that the code has a non-random structure .
`` The patterns that we describe are not simply non-random . ''
`` They have some features that , at least from our point of view , were very hard to ascribe to natural processes . ''
As for what planted the message , the Kazakh scientist says : `` Maybe they 're gone long ago . Maybe they 're still alive . I think these are questions for the future . ''
`` For the patterns in the code , the explanation we give , we think is the most plausible . ''
Benedict Cumberbatch gave an impromptu speech to fans outside the stage door , saying people filming in the audience was a `` mortifying '' experience for him .
Benedict Cumberbatch is currently starring as Hamlet in a production of the play at the Barbican Theatre in London .
During Saturday night 's performance , the play had to be stopped and resumed twice because of technical difficulties . This was made all the more problematic when it became apparent that people were filming the performance .
After coming off stage , Benedict gave a speech at the stage door in which he begged fans not to film during the performance .
He asked them to film his speech and then `` tweet , blog , hashtag the shit out of it '' to get the message spread far and wide , as he does n't use any form of social media .
He said that resuming the play only to see red lights in the theatre filming him was `` mortifying '' .
`` I can see red lights in the auditorium , '' he said . `` It may not be any of you here that did that , but it 's blindingly obvious . We had to restart again tonight at 'To be or not to be ' , which is not the easiest place to pick up a play full stop , but this made it harder . It 's very , very obvious . It 's mortifying , and there 's nothing less enjoyable as an actor on stage , experiencing that . ''
Benedict went on to say that as of this week , there will be new devices to `` detect and evict '' people who are filming – something he does n't want to happen .
He said : `` It 's going to get more strict . They 've got devices that are coming in on Monday that will detect and have people evicted . I do n't want that to happen – that 's a horrible way to police what 's a wonderful thing . ''
He then explained that he wants to give theatergoers a live performance that they 'll remember in their `` minds and not on their phones . ''
Angelina Jolie has beaten the likes of Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai , Hillary Clinton and even the Queen to be named the most admired woman in the world .
According to a new poll of 25,000 people , the actress , director , mother-of-six and UN special envoy was most worthy of respect internationally .
Angelina , 39 , has just directed Unbroken , a critically-acclaimed film about the Second World War and has been travelling around the world visiting war zones since 2001 .
In second place was 17-year-old Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai , who survived being shot by the Taliban and won this year 's Nobel Peace Prize .
The youngest Nobel laureate , Yousafzai is an advocate for education and women 's human rights in her native Swat Valley in Pakistan , after blogging for the BBC beginning at age 11 .
Hillary Clinton , the former US Secretary of State , rounded out the top three .
The poll was conducted across 23 countries , with each nation producing different results .
The Queen was widely admired along with Michelle Obama , who came in fifth and surprisingly Celine Dion who took the sixth spot , ahead of Oprah Winfrey at seven and Julia Roberts who was eighth most admired woman .
Myanmar 's leader Aung San Suu Kyi came in at nine , while German Chancellor Angela Merkel was tenth most admired globally .
The list shows how many people regard celebrities more highly than politicians .
And close behind Merkel are Taylor Swift and Beyonce Knowles at 11th and 12th place . India 's Sonia Gandhi is 13th , just in front of Jennifer Lawrence .
Kate Middleton comes in 15th in the worldwide results but in the UK she was voted sixth , just after Helen Mirren ( fourth ) and before Aung San Suu Kyi .
And when it comes to the men , Bill Gates took top honours as the most-respected man internationally , while Stephen Hawking was voted first by Britons .
Prince William was more admired than his brother , coming in in fifth place ( after Richard Branson ) , while Harry was eighth most admired .
David Beckham was tenth while Nigel Farage was 11th .
The British country pub where then-prime minister David Cameron treated President Xi Jinping to fish and chips and a pint of ale during his state visit last year has been sold to a Chinese investor .
The Plough at Cadsden in rural Buckinghamshire shot to fame in China after the presidential visit and has become a tourist attraction for busloads of Chinese tourists arriving to sample the same classic British fare .
The value of the purchase by SinoFortone Investment was not disclosed . The company said previous owner Steve Hollings would continue to run the pub .
Peter Zhang , SinoFortone Investment 's managing director , welcomed the deal . `` The English pub concept is growing very fast in China , and it 's the best way culturally to link people from different countries and build friendships , '' he said .
Sales of Greene King IPA , the India pale ale consumed by Xi and Cameron , are said to have soared in China over the past year .
The Plough deal was brokered through Christie & amp ; Co , a leading specialist adviser for buying and selling businesses .
`` The Chinese market has huge potential and many opportunities . We will see more activity in the coming months and years , '' said Neil Morgan , managing director of Christie 's public houses and restaurants department .
Morgan said an increasing number of Chinese investors were approaching the company to express an interest in British hospitality and leisure opportunities , as well as in taking classic British themes to China .
Shaun Rein , managing director of the China Market Research Group , said the latest deal showed that Chinese tourists were looking for authentic British places to visit , including the pub that Xi had visited . He said Chinese visitors were shifting away from shopping as their focus and that museums and palaces , along with pubs , were now becoming major tourist destinations .
The Plough purchase is not SinoFortone 's first investment in the United Kingdom . In October last year , it announced it would invest 2 billion pounds in two eco-parks in Wales .
`` This pub purchase is consistent with that focus , '' said Jeffrey Towson , a professor who teaches investment at Peking University .
A great way to get to know someone better is to say something that makes them laugh .
Sharing a few good giggles and chuckles makes people more willing to tell others something personal about themselves , without even necessarily being aware that they are doing so , suggests new research .
Alan Gray of University College London discovered the tidbit in a new study recently published in the journal Human Nature .
According to Gray , the act of verbally opening up to someone is a crucial building block that helps to form new relationships and intensify social bonds .
Such self-disclosure can be of a highly sensitive nature — like sharing one ’ s religious convictions or personal fears — or a superficial tidbit such as one ’ s favorite type of food .
To investigate the role and influence of laughter in this disclosure process , Gray and his colleagues gathered 112 students from Oxford University in England , into groups of four .
The students did not know one another . The groups watched a 10-minute video together , without chatting to one another .
The videos differed in the amount of laughter they invoked , and the amount of positive feelings or emotions they elicited .
One featured a stand-up comedy routine by Michael McIntyre , another a straightforward golf instruction video , and the third a pleasant nature excerpt from the “ Jungles ” episode of the BBC ’ s Planet Earth series .
The levels of laughter and the participants ’ emotional state after watching the video was then measured . Each group member also had to write a message to another participant to help them get to know each other better .
The participants who had a good laugh together shared significantly more intimate information than the groups who did not watch the comedy routine .
Gray suggests this is not merely because it is a positive experience , but because of the physiology behind a good laugh . It actually triggers the release of the so-called “ happy hormone ” endorphin .
The findings support the idea that laughter encourages people to make more intimate disclosures to strangers . Furthermore , researchers discovered the sharing of the information occurred so spontaneously , the person who disclosed information was seldom aware that he or she had done so .
It was only the listener who realized that it had happened .
Groundbreaking new traffic lights fitted with artificial intelligence could create safer roads and bring an end to rush hour gridlock .
'Smart ' traffic lights will monitor speed and congestion , prioritise cyclists , buses and ambulances with green lights and use heatmaps to analyse how pedestrians and motorists are using the roads .
Milton Keynes is set to be the first city to trial the £3 million project from September , with 2,500 sensors monitoring all major junction points and car parking spaces .
The monitors recognise different vehicles and individual road users and will be able to regulate traffic in real-time .
At present , traffic lights are sequenced but not reactive to the vehicles around them and traffic monitoring is still done manually .
Cameras will also allow traffic lights to prioritise cyclists , buses or ambulances with green lights .
Vehicle dashboards that communicate with traffic lights could also flag the presence of cyclists to lorry drivers .
The technology could also enable traffic lights to communicate with driverless cars around the corner and inform them if pedestrians are crossing the road .
Vivacity Labs , which created the technology , has now secured a £1.7m project grant to roll out a city-wide sensor network .
Yang Lu , Chief Technology Officer at Vivacity Labs said : 'There is very limited intelligence to the current management of urban roads .
'By introducing AI into the camera itself , Vivacity Labs has created a system that accurately identifies and reports road usage , removing the need for cumbersome manual interpretation and significantly reducing the potential for human error .
This lays the groundwork for the smart city of the future , using data flows to guide driverless vehicles to their destination with minimal congestion .
'It also improves traffic today as it can be linked with existing management systems to keep vulnerable road users , such as cyclists , safe by giving priority at lights , or alter signs to direct traffic away from congestion . '
Police responded to a third incident in Vauxhall - where a man was arrested - but they later said that it is not connected .
At 10.08pm police responded to a call about a white van ramming into five or six people on London Bridge .
The van reportedly veered off the road and drove into people on the pavement .
Police are piecing together eyewitness accounts , and believe that three men got out of the van and started attacking people with knives .
An eyewitness , Eric , told the BBC that he heard shouts of `` this is for Allah '' .
John Stokes , a bus tour guide , said that he and the driver counted eight people lying on the road .
The three men then ran down to Borough Market .
They rampaged through the market , entering many pubs and restaurants to stab anyone in sight .
Crowds in the bars fought back - hurling pint glasses , bottles and chairs at the attackers .
One woman was stabbed repeatedly , according to a man named Gerard , who was trying to drive the attacker away by hurling chairs at him .
A security guard described people running away screaming from three men . He and his colleagues tried to throw chairs at the attackers , who were going in and out of different bars .
Within eight minutes police were on the scene and eight officers opened fire , releasing 50 rounds and killing the three attackers .
Photos on social media showed two of the men on the ground . One of them , in front of the Wheatsheaf pub , had what appeared to be canisters strapped to his abdomen .
Police later said that the canisters were fake .
`` It is time to say enough is enough . Everybody needs to go about their lives as they normally would . Our society should continue to function in accordance with our values . But when it comes to taking on extremism and terrorism , things need to change . ''
Action was needed in the UK as well as overseas , she added . `` While we have made significant progress in recent years , there is - to be frank - far too much tolerance of extremism in our country .
May said the recent spate of attacks showed the UK was “ experiencing a new trend in the threat we face ” .
“ It is an ideology that is a perversion of Islam and a perversion of the truth , ” she said . “ Defeating this ideology is one of the great challenges of our time . But it can not be defeated through military intervention alone .
`` We can not allow this ideology the safe space it needs to breed – yet that is precisely what the internet , and the big companies that provide internet-based services provide . We need to work with allied democratic governments to reach international agreements to regulate cyberspace to prevent the spread of extremism and terrorism planning. ``
Many people have come across others who they suspect are cheaters .
But the secrecy surrounding infidelity makes it difficult to gather much evidence .
Forbes magazine has done exactly that - compiling a list ranking the world 's most unfaithful places .
It analysed Durex surveys and flirting sites in different countries to find which destinations are full of cheaters and which are squeaky clean .
At the top of the unfaithful list was Thailand .
The Asian country was home to 56 percent of cases studied .
There are a number of theories to suggest why Thailand has claimed the top spot .
Some think it might be the spicy curry , which they say is aphrodisiac .
Sex tourism is also one of the country 's biggest selling points .
Denmark was the second most unfaithful country in the global ranking .
Almost half ( 46 percent ) of its citizens have been unfaithful , according to the research .
It was followed closely by Italy on 45 percent .
The exact same proportion of people deceived their partners in Germany too .
France came in fifth - a country where love and passion rule the roost - comprising 43 percent cheaters .
It appears the cold days in Norway have a remedy , with 41 percent having extramarital relations .
Belgium followed closely in its footsteps on 40 percent .
According to the magazine New Europe , the Belgian webpage of extramarital meetings 'Gleeden ' had more than 1.1m users last summer .
Lower than its European friends but still sizeable was Spain , where 39 percent have cheated at least once .
Just when you thought the UK might have been left off the list , it makes an appearance .
Its landed the title of the ninth most unfaithful country on the planet , with 36 percent cheaters .
After the cyber attack on Ashley Madison - a website for extramarital meetings with more than 37 million subscribers - it was revealed that London was also the ninth most unfaithful city in the world .
The British capital held almost 180,000 accounts .
Rounding out the top 10 was Finland , where infidelity is not as taboo .
More than two thirds ( 36 percent ) of Finns admit they 've had an affair .
Use strong passwords and do n't go to sketchy websites , and you 'll protect yourself online , right ?
Well ... That 's a good start . But it 's not quite that simple .
A new report from Pew Research details some of American 's biggest misconceptions about cybersecurity .
Myth 1 . Emails are always secure
Fewer than half -- 46 % -- of people said they know email is not always encrypted . Encryption ensures only the sender and recipient are able to access the emails .
Although many email providers , such as Google and Yahoo , encrypt emails , it 's not universal . Some companies alert users if communications are unencrypted -- for instance Gmail displays warning icons when you send or receive an email from an insecure source .
If you 're concerned , switch to Gmail , Yahoo Mail , or another provider that encrypts by default .
Myth 2 . `` Private browsing '' is always private
Surfing the web in private ( or incognito ) mode prevents the browser -- like Chrome , Firefox , or Safari -- from collecting data about your activities . But it does n't prevent an internet service provider , like Comcast , from monitoring your activity .
Just 39 % of those surveyed knew broadband companies could see your online activity even when you 're in private browsing mode .
Myth 3 . Turning off GPS means no one can track me
Almost half of people surveyed either did n't know or were unsure whether disabling GPS prevents all tracking . Your phone 's built-in location service is just one way data can be collected .
As Pew Research notes , your phone also connects to cell towers and Wi-Fi networks , and connection to these technologies allows tracking too .
Myth 4 . My password is enough to protect me
Strong passwords are good , but security experts also recommend using two-factor authentication for account security . This means you must have a second login , like a security code sent to your phone , to sign into accounts . It prevents hackers from getting into your account , even if they know the password .
Just 10 % of adults can identify one example of two-factor authentication .
There is some good news from Pew , however : A vast majority of people can correctly identify a strong password , which includes one with random letters , numbers , and symbols . And 73 % know using public Wi-Fi is bad for secure activities , such as paying bills online .
Whether it is a married couple choosing a new car , two friends buying a holiday or business colleagues investing in stocks and shares , if one of the two is a woman then the pair will take fewer risks .
This means if you want a good deal , you should make sure there 's a woman in the negotiations .
A compromise is more likely when a woman is involved in the decision making , according to new research .
Men making decisions together are dismissive of compromise and more likely to 'assert their masculinity ' by going for an extreme deal , says a study in the Journal of Consumer Research .
Researchers from the Carroll School of Management at Boston College tested a range of buying and selling goods with a different range of prizes , on 900 pairs of volunteers .
'When men are in the presence of other men , they feel the need to prove their masculinity ' , Professor Hristina Nikolova , lead author of the study said .
'Both tend to push away from the compromise option because the compromise option is consistent with feminine norms .
'On the other hand , extremism is a more masculine trait so that 's why both male partners tend to prefer an extreme option when making decisions together . '
When a woman made a decision on buying with another man or woman , the outcome was more likely to involve a compromise . But two men together would end up at one extreme or the other .
For instance , two men going to buy a car together would choose one which is the fastest , the most fuel efficient or the safest .
But if a woman is involved in the deal either as a buyer or seller then the car chosen is more likely to be a compromise . She will not pick the safest , fastest or most fuel efficient but one that combines all factors .
Women are more likely to go for the 'Goldilocks effect ' , the study reported - the name given to an aversion to extremes .
The experiments involved 1,200 students conducting deals as pairs or individuals plus another 673 doing deals online .
The deals ranged from discussing which printer to buy to paying different amounts for a lottery ticket but where the potential prizes ranged from high to low .
'No matter what the product is , we see the same effects , ' Professor Nikolova added .
'The compromise effect basically emerges in any pair when there is a woman .
'However , surprisingly , when you have men choosing together , they actually tend to push away from the compromise option and select one of the extreme options . '
'Individuals and mixed-gender and female-female pairs will likely go for the middle option since it seems reasonable and is easily justified . '
'In contrast to men , ' said Professor Nikolova , 'women act the same together as they would alone because they do n't need to prove anything in front of other women .
'Womanhood is not precarious and does not need the same level of public defense as manhood . That 's why we observe the compromise effect in the joint decisions of two female partners . '
Lighting a scented candle at the end of a long day helps many of us unwind .
But that flickering flame might not seem quite so relaxing once you know it is spreading pollution around your home .
Candles release carbon and metal particles which could raise the risk of heart and lung problems , a study has warned .
The scented candle market is worth £90million in Britain and they have become a favourite gift , used to freshen living rooms or add a gentle glow to bathtimes .
But the US study found burning candles of any type in the home increases particles of pollution by 30 percent – and opening doors and windows does very little to help .
Frying and burning food have the same effect . So lighting a scented candle after burning the dinner might only make matters worse .
Lead author Dr Neil Klepeis , from San Diego State University , said he wants to help families reduce exposure to pollutants , especially if there are children in the house .
Environmental scientist Professor Barbara Maher , from the University of Lancaster , was not surprised at the US team 's findings .
'My research team have directly measured the particles released by candles and found they contain carbon compounds and metals , the latter most probably from the industrial production process , ' she said .
'This has made me change my own behaviour – I used to like to light a scented candle at home but now think it is a bad idea . We do n't know exactly what harm these particles cause but they force the body to launch an inflammatory response to clear them . Indoor pollution is likely to be linked to the same health problems , from lung cancer to strokes , that we see from outdoor pollution . '
The US researchers scanned 300 family homes for pollution including fine particles between 0.5 and 2.5 micrometres in size – a range that includes dust , fungal spores and vehicle emissions .
Smoking at home was found to be the major source of airborne pollution . But burning candles and frying food with oil raised levels by almost a third .
Air pollution expert Professor Ian Colbeck , from the University of Essex . said he believed the risk of health problems was the same for scented and unscented candles .
The US study , published in the journal PLOS ONE , concluded that indoor pollution was even worse for big families living in small houses .
Parliament chiefs have been left baffled by Big Ben ’ s bongs being out of sync by up to six seconds . The Great Clock has become “ temperamental ” leaving clocksmiths unsure how to fix the 156-year-old timepiece .
The early chimes caused interruptions to BBC radio 4 programming which rely on the bongs for live broadcasts . But when mechanics climbed the 334 steps up the Elizabeth Tower the clock became too slow after adjustments were made . The speed of the clock can be adjusted by adding and removing weights to the pendulum .
Clocksmith Ian Westworth said : “ When we started correcting it , it corrected itself at the same time so we went from being fast to being slow . It ’ s settled down telling you exactly the right time so no-one will talk over our chimes . ”
He said the clock was “ temperamental ” adding : “ We don ’ t know why it happened . You ’ re talking about a 156-year-old clock , it does have a little fit every now and then . Imagine running your car for 24 hours a day , 365 days a year for the last 156 years . ”
Steve Jaggs , the keeper of the clock , said his team were “ dispatched immediately ” when the problem arose admitting Big Ben needs “ a lot of care ” .
The team of three clocksmiths are monitoring the pendulum , air pressure and temperature and the gears to uncover the extent of the problem . Spot checks have increased from three times per week to every day , including weekends .
The clock is now accurate to less than one second following the adjustments that include adding or removing old penny coins . Each coin will affect the clock speed by 0.4 seconds per day .
The House of Commons said they became aware of the problem on August 15 .
There 's nothing as invigorating as a long , hot shower to wake us up in the morning .
But many of us are making simple mistakes that could actually harm our health , experts warn .
From ditching a razor to only soaping certain parts of the body , experts reveal the ways you 're showering all wrong - and what to do instead ...
1 . SHOWERING EVERY DAY
Most of us would n't dream of going a day without showering .
But a study conducted by the University of California found that too much washing can actually be bad for you , because it strips away beneficial bugs that help ward off infections .
'A vigorous daily shower would disturb the natural bug flora of the skin as well as skin oils , ' revealed John Oxford , Professor of Virology at Queen Mary 's School of Medicine and Dentistry .
'As long as people wash their hands often enough and pay attention to the area of the body below the belt , showering or bathing every other day would do no harm .
'Even twice a week would not be a problem if people used a bidet daily as most infectious bugs hang around our lower halves .
Supermodel Gisele Bundchen is coming out of retirement to launch the Rio Olympics as the embodiment of the famous Girl From Ipanema , The Mail on Sunday can reveal .
Stunning Gisele , 35 , who announced she was quitting the catwalk last year , will be one of many ‘ surprises ’ planned for the ‘ sexiest ever ’ Olympic opening ceremony on August 5 , which is expected to attract a global TV audience of a billion .
Gisele will strut into Rio ’ s Maracana stadium to the strains of the famous bossa nova jazz song , played on a piano by Brazilian musician Paolo Jobim , whose late father Antonio composed the worldwide hit in 1962 .
Legendary Brazilian footballer Pele is being tipped to light the Olympic flame – the gesture that traditionally opens the Games .
Details of the show have been kept secret , but insiders say it will feature 6,000 scantily clad performers and that the theme will be ‘ the evolution of the people of Brazil ’ , featuring tributes to the rainforest , Brazil ’ s famous Carnival and the country ’ s love of sensual dance and the female form .
‘ There will be lots of nearly naked women doing the samba , ’ said a source connected with the three-hour spectacle , after a dress rehearsal surrounded by armed guards . ‘ The costumes have been designed to show off as much flesh as possible which means as little material as they can get away with .
‘ This is Brazil , after all , where the female body is celebrated like no other place on Earth . ’
But with just 13 days to go , a series of crises is threatening to overshadow the Games .
As the first British athletes arrived in Brazil this weekend to begin training , Rio newspaper Globo reported a spate of robberies from the Olympic Village that will be home to 17,000 athletes , including British medal favourites Jessica Ennis-Hill and Mo Farah .
Light fittings , lamps , mirrors , even toilet seats were taken – despite tight security measures that include metal detectors and armed guards at entrances and exits , the report said . Construction teams were reported to be ‘ working around the clock ’ to make the village functional before today ’ s official opening .
Globo said many of the 3,604 flats still did not have functional water , gas or electricity supplies . An insider said : ‘ The systems were only tested at the last minute and found to be defective . ’
Meanwhile , experts are warning of a ‘ perfect storm ’ that may cause cases of the deadly Zika virus to escalate .
The mosquito-borne disease , which causes devastating birth defects , has been largely under control in recent weeks thanks to the Brazilian winter as temperatures have ‘ dipped ’ to 17C . But forecasters predict that temperatures will soar to 28C .
Athletes will get free mosquito repellent and will be urged to wear long-sleeve shirts and long trousers rather than shorts .
A week ago , the US election looked to be over .
Hillary Clinton was riding so high in the polls after a disastrous series of gaffes by Donald Trump that few could conceive of a Republican path to victory on 8 November . Fridays intervention by the FBI may not be enough to change that outcome on its own , but it has certainly set political imaginations running wild .
The worry for Democrats is that fresh inquiries regarding Clintons use of a private email server while secretary of state come at a difficult time .
Not only is it hard to prove a negative and re-establish her innocence with barely a week to go until the election , but the letter to congressional officials from director James Comey capped a tricky run of news that was already making a sizable dent in her polling lead .
Momentum for Trump began to recover first thanks to another set of emails , the contents of which perhaps explain why the Clintons risked so much to try to retain control of her electronic communications in the first place .
Released by WikiLeaks , a factor that US intelligence agencies have blamed on Russian hackers , these emails to and from campaign chairman John Podesta have been trickling out for weeks , with mostly embarrassing rather than damaging content .
That changed on Wednesday with the release of a report that appeared to confirm just how much the Clinton family has blurred the boundaries between its business , charitable and political interests .
Though almost all of the new information related to Bill rather than Hillary , it gave Trump supporters fresh ammunition at a moment when they were desperate to shift attention from their candidate 's own scandals over taxes and alleged inappropriate behaviour towards women .
In an election that many pollsters describe as an unpopularity contest , it does not take much to swing the mood of independent voters .
By Friday , the combination of no news from Trump and bad news from Clinton had halved her average lead in the polls since the last presidential debate .
`` When the attention was on Trump , Clinton was winning . Now , the attention is on Clinton '' , said political consultant Frank Luntz , who has predicted the winner in 2016 will be the campaign that keeps the focus on its opponent .
Sundays average lead for Clinton in national polls of 3.4 % ought still to be a healthy safety margin .
Bill Clintons lead over George Bush shrank from 11 points to just three in the last two weeks of the 1992 election , yet he won by nearly double that margin .
But among Democrats , a cause for concern if not yet panic is that very few polls published so far were carried out after news broke about the FBI and the emails .
One reputable survey that got close , an ABC News-Washington Post tracking poll released on Sunday , showed just a one-point overall lead for Clinton .
It asked some voters on Friday evening what they thought and found the news had mostly hardened existing opinions but could also play a role at the margins .
`` About a third of likely voters say they are less likely to support Clinton given FBI director James Comeys disclosure '' , said pollster Gary Langer .
`` Given other considerations , 63 % say it makes no difference '' . Only 7 % of Clinton supporters felt it would make any difference , but this rises `` much higher among groups already predisposed not to vote for her '' , the poll found .
`` The potential for a pullback in motivation of Clinton supporters , or further resurgence among Trumps , may cause concern in the Clinton camp especially because this dynamic already was under way '' , Langer added .
`` Intention to vote has grown in Trump support groups in the past week as the intensity of criticisms about him has ebbed . ''
This CBS poll showed just 5 % of Democrats said the issue might make them less likely to support Clinton , compared with more than a quarter of registered Republicans .
This risk also helps explain the ferocity of Democratic calls for the FBI to urgently exonerate Clinton .
Many loyalists are convinced the latest trove of emails , discovered on equipment shared by Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her estranged husband Anthony Weiner , are an irrelevance .
Even if some show more classified information passed its way through the private server , it should not change the FBIs earlier decision that a criminal charge would be unfair without evidence of intent or coverup .
But so long as this is not categorically established , there may be a nagging doubt in some minds that the FBI suspects otherwise .
Not everyone will be prepared to give Clinton the benefit of the doubt .
Some studies have shown just 11 % of voters describe Clinton as `` honest and trustworthy '' , lower even than Trumps score of 16 % .
While it may not be enough to the tip the balance , running for president while facing potential criminal investigation is never a good look .
These are the bizarre `` skirts '' Chinese motorists have designed to protect their cars from rats .
The troublesome rodents had been spotted inside the cars and causing serious damage by gnawing through wiring .
Now car owners in Nanning , in the Guangxi autonomous region , are using the barriers , dubbed `` car maxi skirts '' in China , to keep out the pests .
Mr Zhao told Nanning TV : `` There are many rats in this area .
`` Putting these around the cars is a good thing , and it can also prevent small children from scratching them . ''
He said the rodents are a particular problem in the winter when the rats seek out warm hiding places - like next to car engines .
Residents in the city have been using fabric , chicken wire and bamboo to make the `` skirts '' .
But not all of them have proved a success with another female car owner complaining that a rat had chewed its way through her car 's `` skirt '' .
Pictures of the `` skirts '' have gone viral in China , with commentators bemused by the solution to the rat problem .
Others suggested local residents raise cats to kill and scare off the rats .
Although other , more cynical , Chinese joked that Guangxi locals has eaten all the cats and dogs .
The province has a reputation for eating dog and cat meat and is home to the controversial Yulin dog-eating festival .
If your teenage son or daughter is blighted by acne , they can take heart .
For while they may feel greasy and unattractive at the moment , by middle age they will be the envy of their peers .
British research shows that acne sufferers ’ cells have built-in protection against ageing that is likely to keep them looking younger than their years .
So while their former classmates bemoan the appearance of crow ’ s feet and other wrinkles and crinkles , their skin is more likely to maintain a youthful lustre .
The suggestion comes from King ’ s College London researchers who studied tiny structures called telomeres .
These are caps on the ends of chromosomes that protect the DNA in them from damage , much like caps on shoelaces prevent fraying . Thought of as tiny biological clocks , telomeres get shorter as we age and eventually become so short that cells die .
Previous studies have found men and women with long telomeres tend to be biologically younger than those of the same age but with shorter ones . All in all , telomeres are considered so important that the scientists who discovered them seven years ago were awarded a Nobel Prize for medicine .
The King ’ s College study measured the telomeres in the white blood cells of more than 1,200 twins , a quarter of whom had suffered from acne .
Telomeres were significantly longer in those who had a spotty adolescence , even when factors such as age were taken into account .
A second experiment looking at skin samples showed that a cluster of genes involved in cell death was less active in acne sufferers .
Dermatologists have long noted that the skin of acne patients seems to age more slowly , with wrinkles and thinning appearing much later .
It was thought excessive oil production contributed to their Peter Pan looks , but the rest of the biology was unknown .
Previous research from the same university has suggested adults with lots of moles may also look younger for longer . The latest study is reported in the Journal of Investigative Dermatology .
Longer telomeres also tend to signal stronger bones and a less frail old age , meaning dealing with spots may have more than one silver lining .
All of the study participants were women but the finding is also likely to apply to men who suffered from acne as teenagers .
Traditional marriage proposals could soon be consigned to the history books – with almost half of them now happening at home in front of the TV .
A study of newlyweds has found modern men are ditching age-old traditional proposal custom in favour of a more lacklustre approach .
The study found only a third of men now go down on one knee to pop the question as their fathers and grandfathers ’ generations would have done .
And the age-old tradition of asking the bride ’ s father for her hand in marriage is also on the verge of dying out with 63 % of recently married males claiming they “ didn ’ t bother ” .
Even the idea of picking a romantic location to propose has fallen by the wayside , with the typical ‘ Will you marry me ? ’ now most likely to take place at home .
Only six percent bothered to take their partner abroad on holiday – but the same number of men proposed in the local pub – and 5.5 % popped the question in the car .
The study also found the average amount of time in a relationship before a proposal is now three years – so British women are taking matters into their own hands in a bid to get a proposal .
Almost a third of women 29 % now end up choosing their own ring , rather than letting their partner decide .
The typical bride-to-be will also enlist the help of at least one friend to help speed up a proposal – as well as dropping two major engagement hints to encourage their partner to pop the question .
Casually asking ‘ Who would you want as your best man ? ’ , commenting on celebrities ' engagement rings - and jokingly suggesting you apply for the TV show ‘ Do n't Tell the Bride ’ are the most common tactics .
Lorna Haddon , diamond ring and jewellery buyer at Beaverbrooks who commissioned the study of 1,500 newlyweds , commented : `` The stresses and strains of modern life mean we don ’ t always have the time to be as romantic as we would perhaps like to be .
`` Busy lives and hectic schedules mean we have fewer hours in the day for romance – however our study shows women do still want the ‘ picture perfect proposal ’ – and it 's not only picking the perfect engagement ring that counts .
“ The location , atmosphere and little details that mean a lot to them really make a proposal personal and truly special , and as it ’ s a once in a lifetime occasion it ’ s well worth making the effort . ''
Top 10 modern proposal destinations
1 . At home – 49 %
2 . On a day out – 7 %
3 . On holiday abroad – 6 %
4 . The local pub – 6 %
5 . On holiday in the UK – 5 %
6 . In the car – 5.5 %
7 . At a restaurant – 4.5 %
8 . In the garden – 2 %
9 . On the beach – 2 %
10 . In a Hotel – 1 %
It 's the debate that has long divided animal lovers . Now scientists have confirmed that cats really are better than dogs – at least from an evolutionary perspective .
A groundbreaking study of 2,000 ancient fossils reveals that felids – the cat family – have historically been much better at surviving than the `` canid '' dog clan , and often at the latter ’ s expense .
The research finds that cats have played a significant role in making 40 dog species extinct , outcompeting them for scarce food supplies because they are generally more effective hunters . But researchers found no evidence that dogs have wiped out a single cat species .
The dog family – which includes the wolves from which today ’ s domesticated dogs are descended – originated in North America about 40 million years ago and reached a maximum diversity around 20 million years later , when there were more than 30 species on the continent . At that point , the cat family arrived from Asia .
`` The arrival of cats to North America had a deadly impact on the diversity of the dog family . We usually expect changes in climate to play the overwhelming role in the evolution of species . Instead , competition among different carnivore species proved to be even more important for the dogs , '' said the report ’ s lead author , Dr Daniele Silvestro , of the University of Lausanne in Switzerland .
The influx of cats prompted a period of dramatic decline among the dog clan . This has left North America with just nine species of wild dog today , comprising different variations of wolves and foxes , according to the fossil analysis published in the journal PNAS .
Dr Silvestro says it is unclear exactly why , when times were tough , the cats were able to see off dogs so comprehensively . But he believed it could be something to do with the retractable claws that ancient cats have passed down to their domesticated descendants , but which dogs don ’ t have .
Millions of years ago , some dog species , such as wolves , were effective killing machines , chasing down their prey at high speed and devouring it . All surviving dog species fall into this `` runner '' camp .
But other dog species ambushed their prey in a manner similar to the cat family . However , these dogs weren ’ t as good as the cats at this technique – and all the canid species who used it are now extinct .
Dr Silvestro explained : “ The cats have retractable claws which they only pull out when they catch their prey . This means they don ’ t wear them out and they can keep them sharp . But the dogs ca n't do this , so they are at a disadvantage to the cats in an ambush situation . ”
The evolutionary success of carnivorous animals is strongly linked to their ability to obtain food , meaning that there can be significant competition for prey when there is insufficient supply for the population .
`` Felids must have been more efficient predators than most of the extinct species in the dog family , '' the report concluded .
Smart people may be far happier with their own company than meeting friends .
A new study has found that for intelligent people , the more frequently they socialise with friends , the less satisfied they are with life .
The findings come from two evolutionary psychologists who challenge the modern view that the more social contact we have the happier we will likely be .
Satoshi Kanazawa of the London School of Economics and Norman Li of Singapore Management University propose that the core social skills developed in our ancient past still hold sway over our happiness today .
They propose that the 'savannah theory ' is at the root of modern happiness . This theory dictates that the factors which made early humans satisfied are still true with modern life .
Using data from a long-term study , which surveyed adults from 18 to 28 , they applied the theory to explain the findings of self-reported levels of life satisfaction .
The pair focused on just two of myriad factors , which they say characterise basic differences between modern life and the way our ancestors lived - population density and how frequently we interact with friends .
As might be expected , they found people living in more densely populated areas reported lower levels of life satisfaction .
For anyone who braves the daily grind of the rush hour commute in a city , this is no surprise .
Also as we might expect , more frequent socialisation with friends had a more positive association with levels of life satisfaction .
But these two factors interact strongly with intelligence .
The authors explained that'among the extremely intelligent ' more frequent social interaction is actually linked with reduced satisfaction .
According to the Washington Post , self-reported happiness is higher in small towns than in cities .
Kanazawa and Li 's approach suggests the brains of our hunter-gatherer ancestors were perfectly adapted to life on the African savannah , where the population would have been sparse , living in groups of around 150 .
Social interaction would have been crucial to survival , in terms of co-operation and finding a mate , but the space was equally important .
The pair believe there may be a mismatch between the way we have evolved and the rapid lives we lead today – where society has left our minds and bodies struggling to keep up .
The researchers believe smarter individuals may be able to better adapt to the challenges of modern life , and may find it easier to leave ancestral social roots behind in order to forge ahead .
For the most intelligent among us , it may be that there is conflict between aspiring to greater goals and being tied to our evolutionary past .
Towns and cities across the east of Vladimir Putin 's vast empire could 'collapse ' in the coming decades because of thawing permafrost .
Ground that was once solid is crumbling due to climate change , and the impact for buildings across Arctic and Siberian regions will be 'devastating ' by 2050 , says a new US-Russian report .
Problems are expected even sooner in Anadyr , the capital of the extreme eastern region on Chukotka , where Chelsea tycoon Roman Abramovich once served as governor .
Here problems can be expected by the mid-2020s , as they can in Salekhard , a town which straddles the Arctic Circle , gateway Russia 's large gas supplies on the Yamal peninsula .
At risk too from a stark weakening of the 'bearing capacity ' of the ground are Russia 's diamond capital Yakutsk and nickel mining city Norilsk .
The thaw has major implications for Russia since as much as 63 percent of Russian territory is underpinned by permafrost .
It is already hitting buildings in northern regions , making them unsafe , and has caused railway lines to become crooked , rendering them useless , reported The Siberian Times .
The analysis says a worst-case scenario could lead to a 75-95 percent 'reduction in bearing capacity throughout the permafrost region by 2050 ' .
The authors conclude : 'This can have a devastating effect on cities built on permafrost . '
Thawing of permafrost 'can potentially lead to deformation and collapse of structures ' , with residential and industrial buildings at risk , but also railway lines , which are used for industrial purposes as well as passengers .
'On average , the fastest changes are projected for Salekhard and Anadyr .
'There the bearing capacity has potential to decrease to critical levels by ( the ) mid 2020s .
'In Yakutsk and Norilsk the critical climate-induced decrease in bearing capacity is expected around ( the ) 2040s . '
The study by experts from The George Washington University and specialists from the Siberian Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences highlighted these four cities but the threat applies across the vast permafrost territory .
Numerous studies show the Russian Arctic is warming at a rate of approximately 0.12C ( 0.216F ) a year - 'significantly faster than the global average ' , state the authors .
The scale of the thawing in each location could vary and was hard to predict precisely .
And 'well engineered structures ' could survive , but there was a need for a change in building techniques .
Many families will have been delighted to win a goldfish as a prize at a funfair , happily putting it in a bowl and feeding it every day after school .
But they could have been guilty of animal cruelty without even knowing it .
Goldfish might get a bad reputation of being boring pets - and having rubbish memories - but they 're more clued up than we realise .
In Switzerland , it has been illegal to own one solitary goldfish since 2008 , when the country introduced a whole host of animal rights ' legislation .
Why ? Because fish are actually 'social ' creatures . In the sea they swim in shoals , so it makes perfect sense that they would need companions .
The Swiss government believes it is cruel to force them to live in isolation - but it does n't just apply to fish .
Other social creatures like guinea pigs and budgerigars are also covered by this legislation .
Switzerland even has companies which pair guinea pigs up with partners when the inevitable happens and one of the original couple dies .
While allowing animals to keep each other company makes perfect sense , the country has other bizarre rules regarding pet ownership .
Dog lovers having to take courses before they can own one - and then have practical training , according to techly.com .
If you want just the one cat , you must let it outside so it can see other cats . If it 's going to be kept indoors , then you 've got to get two .
Looking to purchase a solitary parrot in Switzerland ? Forget about it . It 'll be considered abuse unless you can get him a friend to talk to .
One thing 's for sure , this will certainly make a few Brits feel guilty about their pet-owning habits .
Netherlands : Do n't carry or use drugs .
While the Netherlands has a reputation for being tolerant on the use of so-called `` soft drugs , '' this exists only for designated areas .
Possession of prohibited substances or buying them can carry a prison sentence .
Penalty : Arrest , detention .
Venice : Feeding the pigeons is against the law .
Penalty : Fine .
Japan : It 's illegal to bring some commonly available nasal sprays containing pseudoephedrine into Japan .
Penalty : Fine .
Barcelona : It 's against the law to wear a bikini , swimming trunks or to go bare-chested away from the beach-front area in Barcelona .
Penalty : Fine .
Singapore : Chewing gum on the Mass Rapid Transit ( MRT ) system is strictly prohibited .
Penalty : Fine .
Italy ( Florence ) : It 's an offense to sit on steps and courtyards or to eat and drink in the immediate vicinity of churches and public buildings inFlorence .
Penalty : Large fine .
Saudi Arabia : Photographing government buildings , military installations and palaces is prohibited .
Penalty : Arrest and detention .
Barbados : It 's an offense for anyone , including children , to dress in camouflage clothing .
Penalty : Fine .
Nigeria : It 's illegal to take mineral water into Nigeria .
Penalty : Fine , confiscation .
Fiji : Sunbathing topless is prohibited .
Penalty : Fine .
Maldives : Public observance of religions other than Islam is prohibited for non-Maldivians and visitors .
Penalty : Arrest , detention .
Meanwhile , we 've added a few others :
United Arab Emirates : Alcoholic drinks are served in licensed hotels and clubs , but it 's a punishable offense to drink , or to be under the influence of alcohol , in public .
Tourists wo n't have any problems in licensed venues , though residents need a permit to be able to drink in them .
Sri Lanka : Another country that does n't take kindly to its religion being insulted , whether the slight is intentional or not .
Tourists have been arrested for mistreating Buddhist images and artifacts while taking photos , while one woman was reportedly arrested and deported for having a tattoo of Buddha .
Peru : It 's illegal to purchase any souvenirs made with animal parts .
That includes condor feathers , which are found widely in the tourist markets of Cusco .
Though in most cases officials reportedly turn a blind eye , tourists could face fines for the offense .
Thailand : Got a sudden urge to Instagram photos of the bottoms of your breasts ?
Wait till you get back home .
The government caught global attention for saying women who post `` underboob '' photos face five years in jail as their actions could violate the country 's strict computer crime laws .
Hunger Games fans may get to find out for themselves if the odds are forever in their favor .
A 100-acre theme park dedicated to the blockbuster movie franchise starring Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Hemsworth is set to open in Atlanta by 2019 , Lions Gate Entertainment Corp confirmed on Monday .
As fans wait , an immersive theatrical show will launch in London next summer , and a $ 3 billion theme park with a Hunger Games zone will open in Dubai months later .
The franchise 's finale , Mockingjay Part 2 , is set to hit the big screen this month .
According to the Times article , the success of the movie franchise means Lions Gate could earn an extra $ 100 million a year from the theme parks - excluding gift shop revenue .
Unlike Disney and Universal , Lions Gate is licensing other companies to build the parks to ensure a level of expertise , as the firm is new to the theme park market .
According to The Hollywood Reporter , the US site will be developed by Avatron Smart Park . The Chinese site near Macao will be developed by Lai Fung and parent eSun .
Last week , website How Old - which claimed to automatically detect your age from a photo - went viral with millions of intrigued users rushing to test it out .
The app , which gathered 35,000 users in a matter of hours , allowed people to upload photos of themselves or their friends , and then analysed their facial structure to determine how old the person might be - with varied results .
And now , keen to jump on the face recognition technology , a new app claiming to tell a guy how manly he is has launched .
How-Dude.me claims to determine 'how dude ' a man is . All you have to do is upload a snap of yourself or someone else to the ' # HowDudeRobot ' and it tells you what percentage 'dude ' you are .
The software also provides you with a one liner describing the picture in question , such as # HandsomeRedefined , # Mysterious and # SelfMadeMan .
We put the website to the test with the help of a few famous faces volunteers - and the results were rather insightful .
Most of the men scored above 50 per cent - with one man even being rated 99 per cent dude .
FEMAIL put One Direction 's heartthrob , Harry Styles , to the test and he received a 66 per cent dude rating and was dubbed 'Captain Fun ' . His bandmate Niall Horan , meanwhile , was analysed by the app and told he had 'hot friends ' .
FEMAIL also tested the app on political party leaders David Cameron , who was dubbed 'adventurous ' , Nick Clegg , who was credited for his ability to make ladies laugh , and Ed Milliband , who was ranked 94 per cent dude .
Although Prince Harry is the one known for being the life and soul of the party , it was his older brother Prince William who was branded 'Captain Fun ' by the app , and Harry was credited for his 'epic smile ' .
Hollywood stalwart George Clooney got a 77 per cent dude rating and the one-liner 'Boy 's Got Game ' , whilst British actor Eddie Redmayne , well know for his acting talents , apparently has 'skills ' .
The software was devised by the team at Lulu - an app that lets men upload their photos and ask girls for feedback and advice .
Men and women can also post anonymous questions for users to answer .
Unlike How Old , this app does n't have scientific theory to back itself up but aims to be more of a fun activity .
Dictionary Merriam-Webster has named `` surreal '' as its word of the year .
The lexicographer selected surreal - which means `` unbelievable , fantastic '' - after spikes in searches following terrorist attacks and the US election .
The attacks in Brussels , the Bastille Day massacre in Nice and the attempted coup in Turkey all saw an increase in how often people searched for the word .
But the single biggest spike in look-ups came the day after Donald Trump 's election , said Merriam-Webster .
`` It just seems like one of those years , '' said Peter Sokolowski , the dictionary 's editor at large .
`` Surreal '' is also defined as meaning `` marked by the intense irrational reality of a dream '' , according to Merriam Webster .
It joins Oxford 's `` post-truth '' and Dictionary.com 's `` xenophobia '' as the top word of 2016 .
There were also smaller jumps in searches for the word after the death of Prince in April and the June shootings at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando , Florida .
`` Surreal '' first emerged around 1924 , when a group of European poets , artists and filmmakers founded the Surrealism movement , which focused on accessing the truths of the unconscious mind by breaking down rational thought .
Merriam-Webster , which first began tracking search trends in 1996 , found a similar search spike for the word after the 9/11 attacks , according to Mr Sokolowski .
`` We noticed the same thing after the Newtown shootings , after the Boston Marathon bombings , after Robin Williams ' suicide , '' Mr Sokolowski said .
`` Surreal has become this sort of word that people seek in moments of great shock and tragedy . ''
Other words that made the cut for top searches in 2016 are `` bigly '' , a term attributed to President-elect Donald Trump , and `` deplorable '' , which Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton used to describe Trump supporters .
Chinese internet users and fans of Taylor Swift are taking out insurance with some online sellers promising to pay double should she 'break up ' with rumoured flame Tom Hiddleston .
Despite the fact that their relationship has not been confirmed , Chinese web users are already classing them as an item and using it as an excuse to take out insurance on their relationship on China 's e-commerce giant Taobao .
It 's not just Taylor Swift 's love life , other celebrity events can also be included in the insurance packages , such as whether or not Katy Perry will win a Grammy in 2017 .
Pictures emerged last week of the pop superstar kissing her new beau on a beach near her Rhode Island home , before they were seen the next day boarding a private jet together .
According to China 's state-run media Xinhua News Agency , people started using Taobao , China 's largest online marketplace , to bet on Taylor Swift 's relationships this week .
Each bet costs 1 yuan .
If the pop singer 'breaks up ' with the alleged new love interest within a year then the buyer will get double their bet which is directly paid into their bank account .
One seller says that there have been 543 transactions .
Another seller named Ma Jia said that the highest amount someone has spent was 400 yuan .
One buyer named Xiaoting said : 'If I bought a million , I would make a lot . These stars break up all the time which gives us the opportunity to earn a lot of money . '
He said that he wanted to buy more but the seller refunded him money and advised him on a limit .
Ma Jia , the seller says that his own shop has capped purchases to 300 yuan .
According to site Sixth Tone , Chinese web users can also bet on whether or not Katy Perry will win a Grammy in 2017 and whether Sherlock , which is incredibly popular in China , will air next year as promised .
Internet users are also able to bet on their own love lives .
There is even a policy for single people where if they meet a partner within a month of placing their bet then they will be given 13.14 yuan , which symbolises lifetime in Chinese .
The world is flooded with plastic garbage .
There will be more plastic than fish in terms of weight in the world 's oceans by 2050 , the World Economic Forum warned Tuesday .
Plastic has become one of the world 's most popular materials , combining amazing functionality and very low production costs . Its use has increased 20-fold in the past 50 years and is expected to double again in the next 20 years .
Almost everybody in the world comes into contact with it -- over a quarter of all plastic is used for packaging , the most popular use of the material .
But only 14 % of plastic packaging is collected for recycling . The reuse rate is terrible compared to other materials -- 58 % of paper and up to 90 % of iron and steel gets recycled .
It gets worse . Almost a third of all plastic packaging escapes collection systems and ends up in nature or clogging up infrastructure .
`` After a short first-use cycle , 95 % of plastic packaging material value , or $ 80 billion to $ 120 billion annually , is lost to the economy , '' the WEF said in a report .
The report is based on interviews with over 180 experts and on analysis of over 200 reports .
They estimate that by 2050 , the amount of plastics produced globally will increase three times to 1,124 million tons . By then , the `` plastic economy '' will take up 15 % of the world 's global carbon budget , compared to just 1 % today .
The so-called carbon budget is the total amount of carbon dioxide the world can pump into the atmosphere while still having a chance of stopping short of 2 degrees of global warming .
The forum said the only way to avoid a disaster is to massively improve the economics and uptake of recycling . That means giving people incentives to collect plastic garbage and recycle , use reusable packaging , and encourage countries to drastically improve their waste collection infrastructure , to avoid plastic garbage leaking into the nature .
Often described as China 's answer to Justin Bieber , the 25-year-old pop star is suddenly everywhere , promoting 'Star Wars ' and 'Kung Fu Panda 3 , ' and next appearing opposite Matt Damon in Zhang Yimou 's 'The Great Wall . '
Although he 's virtually unknown in the West , 25-year-old Chinese pop star-turned-screen neophyte Lu Han has emerged as the de facto face of Hollywood in China .
Disney revealed that Han had been named the `` official ambassador '' for Star Wars : The Force Awakens inChina . This uncommon title comes with obvious weight : The pic is all but certain to be the biggest international movie of 2016 , andChinais now the world 's second-largest movie market .
In his capacity as Star Wars `` ambassador , '' according to Disney , Han will serve as an honorary member of the `` Jedi Order '' inChina , appearing in local advertising spots and at promotional events , while a special remix and music video for his forthcoming single `` The Inner Force '' will be the official Chinese promotional theme song for Force Awakens .
Han is also putting his personal brand to work on behalf of DreamWorks Animation . He released `` Deep , '' a music video promoting Kung Fu Panda 3 , the much-anticipated U.S.-China co-production from the Oriental DreamWorks joint venture . The video , in Mandarin and English , was directed by Raman Hui , the filmmaker behind Monster Hunt , which became the highest-grossing pic ever in China over the summer .
Next , Han will appear opposite Matt Damon and Willem Defoe in director Zhang Yimou 's period epic The Great Wall , from Thomas Tull 's Legendary Pictures — arguably the second most-anticipated U.S.-China collaboration of 2016 behind the Kung Fu Panda sequel .
So , who is this Chinese pop phenom , and why are so many Hollywood heavyweights banking on him ?
Thank to his boyish looks , messy mop of hair and legions of young female fans spanningAsia , Han has often been described as the Chinese answer to Justin Bieber . Born and raised in Beijing , he pursued university studies abroad in South Korea , where he was scouted to become a founding member of South Korean-Chinese boy band EXO . In October 2014 , Han broke from the group and began a solo career , as well as a transition into film acting , starring in 20 Once Again and The Witness . Both films became sizable hits in China over the summer ( 20 Once Again grossed just under $ 60 million ; The Witness opened to $ 17.8 million , topping Ant-Man in its second week ) .
Perhaps more valuable to Disney and DreamWorks , Han has cultivated an influential celebrity brand on Chinese social media . He counts nearly 12 million followers on Weibo and holds the Guinness World Record for most comments on a single Weibo post ( the tweet in question concerned British soccer club Manchester United , also wildly popular inChina ) . His post announcing his Star Wars gig — `` I am honored to be the Star Wars ambassador to China , May the Force be with you ! '' — has been retweeted some 1.5 million times .
Han 's appeal among young female filmgoers may also have been a decisive factor for Disney , as young Chinese women have emerged as an increasingly vital demographic for movie marketers there .
`` As a popular young idol , Lu Han is a good fit for our promotional approach for Star Wars , '' John Hsu , Disney 's vp and general manager in China , said ( translated from Chinese ) . `` He 's also a Star Wars super fan himself . I believe he will do a great job at raising the Chinese audience 's anticipation and enthusiasm for The Force Awakens . ''
Give it a few years , and Justin Bieber may come to be known as the U.S. answer to Lu Han .
Roger Federer , who brought back the romance of tennis with his artistry and made many of us fall in love with the sport again , found the love of his life at Sydney in 2000 .
Federer and Miroslava ( Mirka ) Vavrinec were members of the Switzerland team . While an unseeded Federer lost in three sets in the men ’ s singles bronze medal match , Mirka suffered defeat in the opening round of the women ’ s doubles .
The bitterness of those losses was washed away by their romance that blossomed in the Olympic Village . “ We kissed for the first time in Sydney , ” Federer would reveal later .
The Federers have company with a few other Olympians , more decorated than them , becoming a couple .
‘ Miss Perfect 10 ’ Nadia Comaneci of Romania clinched nine medals during her Olympic journey that made her the most famous gymnast of all time . Her Mr . Perfect , Bart Connor of the United States , has two golds .
They had met , as teenagers , for the first time shortly before the Montreal Olympics , where Comaneci would make history by scoring a perfect 10 . They had even kissed , at the request of a photographer , after their triumph at the American Cup in New York . Comaneci , who had retired before the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics , attended it nevertheless . Connor won both his medals at those Games .
Trendsetters
Theirs wasn ’ t the first marriage between an American and European Olympian . At the 1956 Olympics , hammer thrower Hal Connolly met Czechoslovakian discus thrower Olga Fikotova . After striking gold at Melbourne , they married a year later in Prague , watched by 40,000 people .
Nikolai Andrianov and Lyubov Burda achieved even more success as an Olympic couple . He remains the most decorated male gymnast with 15 medals , while she won a gold each in Mexico and Munich . They married in 1973 , after the Munich Olympics .
The other couples who were struck by Cupid during the Olympics include swimmer Anita Lonsbrough and cyclist Hugh Porter , who met in Tokyo in 1964 , and shooters Katerina Kurkova and Matthew Emmons , who found each other at Athens in 2004 .
And , there is a tale that did not develop into a love story . The backdrop was the 1960 Olympics in Rome . It featured the boxing light heavyweight gold medallist and the fastest woman of that Olympics .
Cassius Clay , who would become Muhammad ‘ The Greatest ’ Ali had a big crush on sprinter Wilma Rudolph . But , he would disclose decades later , he was too shy to tell her .
Donald Trump deliberately walked in on two young Miss USA 2001 contestants while they were naked and getting dressed for a rehearsal , one of the former beauty contestants has claimed in an interview with the Guardian .
The two women were putting on their outfits to rehearse the opening number , the former contestant recalled , when Trump burst into the room without a word .
Just before he entered , the former contestant said , she heard the security detail outside the dressing room tell someone approaching the door that the women inside were naked .
“ Mr Trump just barged right in , didn ’ t say anything , stood there and stared at us , ” she recalled . Trump ’ s attitude , she said , seemed to be : “ I can do this because I can . ”
The woman – who did not wish to be identified – is the second competitor from the 2001 Miss USA pageant to claim that Trump took advantage of owning the pageant , in order to view the contestants naked .
A torrent of sexual misconduct accusations have followed Trump throughout his run for president . But a 2005 tape of Trump bragging that his fame allowed him to grope and kiss women without their consent has inspired even more women to come forward with stories of his impropriety .
On Wednesday evening , the New York Times published the accounts of two women who claim Trump groped or kissed them without their permission . Trump angrily denied both accusations .
‘ Waltzing in ’
The other 2001 beauty contestant to accuse Trump of misconduct was Tasha Dixon . In an interview with CBS of Los Angeles , Dixon , the former Miss Arizona , recalled an incident in which Trump came “ waltzing in ” to a room while a number of the contestants were half naked or undressed .
Dixon was describing a separate incident to the one detailed to Guardian US by the other contestant .
Trump owned the Miss Universe family of pageants , to which Miss USA belonged , from 1996 to 2005 . The first contestant to win Miss Universe under Trump ’ s ownership was Alicia Machado – famously name-checked by Hillary Clinton during the first presidential debate , who said Trump had called Machado “ Miss Piggy ” and “ Miss Housekeeping ” , a dig at her Latina heritage .
Separately , Buzzfeed reported on Wednesday that several teen beauty queens from the 1997 Miss Teen USA said Trump entered a communal dressing room while several of them were naked . One girl was 15 years old at the time .
Another Miss USA contestant from 2001 who spoke to the Guardian did not recall Trump showing inappropriate behavior . She recalled Trump being backstage , she said , but only on the evening that the pageant was nationally televised .
The contestant remembered Trump standing in the doorway and wishing them good luck and said he did not “ parade ” through the room . “ I am not endorsing anyone , but giving an honest account of meeting Mr Trump , ” she said .
The contestant who accused Trump of bursting into her dressing room acknowledged that not every contestant had negative experiences with Trump . She did not report Trump ’ s behavior at the time , she said , because her position was too tenuous .
Until she saw Dixon ’ s interview , she thought that she and the other woman in the dressing room were Trump ’ s only targets .
Global spotlight will be shining on China early this month , as the Asian country is gearing up for the annual `` Two Sessions '' to explore the next-step solutions to its own development set to unleash tremendous potential on a global scale .
The fourth annual session of the 12th National People 's Congress ( NPC ) , the country 's top legislature , and the fourth session of the 12th National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) , China 's top political advisory body , will open on March 5 and March 3 , respectively .
Experts said that this year 's gatherings , a precious window for global observers to look into China 's future policies when the world is struggling amid a weak recovery , are hence expected to garner more attentions both at home and abroad .
Economic Restructuring , Consumption-Driven Model to Bring Opportunities
The forthcoming NPC session will see the debate and ratification of China 's draft 13th Five-Year Plan , with discussions focused on China 's further economic restructuring as a key part .
China 's top leadership announced in late February that China will step up supply-side structural reforms and green economy , and tap the potential of domestic demand . The world 's second largest economy is now shifting its dependence from investment and manufacturing to domestic demand and service industry .
The transition will help China evolve into a `` more enduring engine for growth of demand , '' observed Stephen Roach , a senior fellow at the U.S. Yale University . `` It is more conducive to the global sustainable growth . ''
In fact , China 's structural adjustment has already reaped early results . Official data showed that consumption has accounted for two thirds of China 's 2015 growth , turning into a major powerhouse for the Chinese economy .
`` This is a healthy and sustainable trend of change , '' Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said on his U.S. trip in February .
Apple Pay on Feb. 18 officially began to serve consumers in China , the first country in Asia that has access to the mobile payment solution provided by the U.S. tech giant , which represented a glimpse of foreign companies ' interest in China 's tremendous consumer market due to its rising purchasing power .
As one of the few markets with robust growth , China is bound to bring greater opportunities to the rest of the world , Shlomo Maital , a senior research fellow with the Israel Institute of Technology .
The bonus of the rising purchase power has also gone beyond borders . Last year saw Chinese tourists make up 120 million outbound visits and spend over 1 trillion yuan ( around 153 billion dollars ) overseas . Reports and pictures of shoppers and travellers from the world 's second largest economy have frequently hit foreign headlines .
The elevation of the consuming power of the Chinese people , Roach said , will give a strong boost to the weak global economic recovery .
Clean , Transparent Governance to Encourage Foreign Investment
Over the past several years , the Chinese government has committed itself to a cleaner and more transparent governance , with an eye on creating a favorable and predictable environment for foreign investment .
At the upcoming Two Sessions , more light is expected to be shed on those efforts , which includes Beijing 's anti-graft campaign .
Analysts said the ongoing efforts have yielded tangible results and boosted foreign investors ' confidence in one of the world 's most dynamic markets .
`` China 's anti-corruption drive , part of a rule of law initiative to stem losses of state assets and enhance clean governance and the confidence of foreign investors , has won recognition and support of the international society , '' said Wang Yukai , professor with the Chinese Academy of Governance .
In its 2015 report , the Shanghai-based American Chamber of Commerce said that the problem of corruption has become a minor challenge for U.S. companies doing business in China , which has dropped for two straight years to 13th place in the organization 's annual ranking .
The anti-corruption campaign has been fostering a fair environment of competition for the business community and lowered difficulties of doing business in the Asian country , said Jeorg Wuttke , president of the European Union Chamber of Commerce in China .
Openness will be another key word during the Two Sessions when focus is shifted to China 's investment facilitation in years to come .
China 's Ministry of Commerce has been soliciting public opinion on a new foreign investment law that will ease restrictions on foreign investors and grant them easier access to the Chinese market .
Overseas companies will receive pre-establishment national treatment and the current troublesome case-by-case approval system will be replaced by `` negative list '' management , if the law is passed .
A more stable , transparent and predictable legal environment and a market environment that encourages fair competition will be China 's persistent attractions to foreign investors , said Doug Gurr , online retail giant Amazon 's China president .
Win-Win Diplomacy Committed to Global Prosperity
Last month , China vowed to prioritize a higher-level of opening up engagement to the world as part of its diplomatic agenda in the next few years , which will also be a hot topic in the forthcoming Two Sessions .
Experts predicted that the representatives will discuss the further implementation of such grand programs as the Belt and Road Initiative , so as to better share the fruit of China 's decades-long economic development with other countries , especially the developing ones .
The Belt and Road Initiative , with its name stemming from the world-known Silk Road that once connected Asia , Europe and Africa in ancient times , is aimed at enhancing connectivity among regions on land and by sea , and update the laggard infrastructure in Asia and Africa .
The initiative , by promoting the exchanges of capital , technology and high-quality production capacity among the countries along the ancient trade routes , will boost the economic and social development on the Eurasian and Africa continent , said Fu Ying , chairwoman of the NPC Foreign Affairs Committee .
The Belt and Road , which covers up to two fifths of the world 's continental area , has so far received more than positive responses from over 60 countries , some of which have already linked their development strategies with the China-proposed cross-region plan .
The Belt and Road will help developing countries get a greater say with a peaceful solution , said Severino Bezerra Cabral , director of the Institute of China and Asia Pacific Studies .
For example , Pakistan , a central Asian country along the ancient trade route , has long suffered from power shortage . During summer time , even its capital city Islamabad would be subject to power blackout up to 12 hours a day .
But thanks to the smooth implementation of the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor , a project likely to add over 25,000 megawatts of electricity capacity to the energy-starved country , Pakistan has the potential to be transformed into a thriving economy .
The world is looking forward to `` the peaceful development of China '' outlined in the Two Sessions , which `` is to reshape a new type of international relations , '' said Ibrahim Amari , political science professor of the University of Baghdad .
Blue jeans are increasingly going out of style , and even industry heavyweights like Levi 's and Gap are taking notice .
Teens are now buying more gear from Nike and Lululemon over denim classics from brands like Abercrombie , according to a recent Piper Jaffray survey on teen spending .
Levi 's CEO has admitted that the company is threatened by the athleisure trend of wearing yoga pants , Bloomberg reports .
`` We 're scrambling , '' Bloomberg notes CEO Chip Bergh told analysts last year . `` I mean , there is a big difference between the product that we 've got on the floor today and what the consumer is looking for . And we just flat-out missed it . ''
Bloomberg reports that Levi 's , which is the world 's most iconic denim company , stuck to its core product instead of adapting to consumer trends .
As a result , this has cost the company . Bloomberg notes sales have dipped from over $ 7 billion to $ 4.8 billion over the years .
`` As we saw 'casualization ' continue even further , the customer basically told us that they had enough denim until something really unique and innovative came along , ' '' NPD analyst Marshal Cohen told Bloomberg . `` We really saw the denim industry and denim retailers basically turn their nose up on the customer and say , 'We do n't care what you really want , we 're going to tell you what you want . ' ''
And longtime industry leader Gap is n't all about jeans anymore .
The company is investing heavily in its Athleta activewear business , reports Sapna Maheshwari at Buzzfeed .
`` My generation grew up wearing jeans - jeans are just a part of our life , and it still is , Athleta executive Nancy Green told Buzzfeed . `` But this generation is growing up in yoga pants and activewear . So I think it 's just going to be bigger and bigger and bigger for the future . ''
Athleta has more than 100 stores and is expanding fast . The brand is seen as Lululemon 's biggest competitor .
Gap 's namesake and Old Navy brands are also including more leggings and jogger pants .
As young consumers grow up , it 's likely they 'll continue to wear leggings and activewear instead of jeans .
Imagine a nearly silent train that glides along its tracks emitting nothing more toxic than water .
That train is a reality .
In March , Germany conducted successful tests of the world 's first `` Hydrail '' - a hydrogen powered , zero-emission train .
`` The new train is 60 % less noisy than a traditional diesel train , completely emission free , '' said Jens Sprotte of Alstom , the French producer of the train . `` Its speed and the possibility to transport passengers match the performance of a diesel train . ''
`` The only sound it gives off comes from the wheels and air resistance , '' Sprotte added .
Here 's how the new technology works :
The Hydrail uses the same equipment as a diesel train but substitutes hydrogen as its fuel source . Large fuel cells sitting on top of the train combine hydrogen and oxygen to generate electricity , which is then transferred to lithium ion batteries .
Energy that is not immediately used can be stored for later use , increasing fuel efficiency . The train 's only emissions are steam and water , resulting in minimal impact to the environment .
`` It 's so clean you can breathe it in , '' said Stefan Schrank , the train 's project manager at Alstom .
Five federal states in Germany have signed a letter of intent to purchase a total of 60 trains from the French firm .
Each two-car train set requires a fuel cell and a 207 pound tank of hydrogen to supply it . The oxygen is supplied from the air around the train .
The train can travel up to 500 miles per day on a single tank of hydrogen , carrying 300 passengers at a time .
The first operational trains will roll out by the beginning of 2018 , providing a green alternative to the 4,000 diesel trains currently operating in Germany . According to the EU , about 20 % of Europe 's current rail traffic runs on diesel .
The new train is ideally suited for short stretches of the European network that have not been converted to electric rails .
Alstom are hoping the train will turn a profit within its first couple years of operation . They hope the model will replace Germany 's fleet of diesel trains in five to 20 years .
The Netherlands , Denmark , Norway and the UK have also expressed interest in the train .
It is a truth universally acknowledged that every woman is in search of her own Mr Darcy , but one author claims to have unearthed the original man who inspired Jane Austen 's romantic hero .
Dr Susan Law says she has uncovered documents and letters which prove that the character of Fitzwilliam Darcy was inspired by John Parker , the 1st Earl of Morley .
Like Mr Darcy , Parker was 'tall , dark and brooding ' and also became embroiled in a sex scandal after it was discovered that his first wife had been unfaithful to him .
Dr Law says the new evidence shows that that Austen stayed at the Earl 's country home Saltram House in Plymouth , Devon , in the early 1800s when Pride and Prejudice was written .
A series of letters also show that Austen was also good friends with Parker 's second wife , Frances Talbot , who was herself a known author , and that the two often exchanged writing .
In fact , shortly after Pride and Prejudice first appeared anonymously , Dr Law says it was believed that Frances was the author , as the character of Mr Darcy fit her husband 's profile so closely .
Dr Law , 52 , an author and historian from Knielworth , Warwickshire , said : 'The physical similarities in them are obvious but there is also so much evidence to suggest the Earl was Mr Darcy .
'When Jane Austin published her two novels Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility , she did so anonymously .
'The Earl 's second wife Francis , who was well known in literally circles , was widely thought to be the author of those novels .
'The Earl was tall , dark , handsome and slightly brooding . There is a picture of him in 1805 image in his militia uniform and another in the library . He looks very intense . '
The Earl himself became mired in scandal after it was revealed that he had fathered three illegitimate children with his married mistress , leading his first wife , Lady Augusta Fane , to elope with a family friend before the two divorced in 1809 .
It was already thought that the Earl 's messy love-life likely provided the inspiration for Mansfield Park , but Dr Law now believes he likely inspired Mr Darcy as well .
Dr Law says she spent five years travelling the country unearthing old newspaper cuttings , diary entries , letters and other documents to prove Parker was Austen 's inspiration .
She added : 'We do n't have the concrete evidence but I have discovered there were a lot of rumours about at the time and it is a convincing argument .
'There is a massive intriguing web around it . It is clear that Jane Austen had very close links with the family . She sent Francis one of the first editions of Emma - when she only had 12 printed .
'Jane Austin 's brother Henry was also a university friend of the Earl of Morley . They were contemporaries and he then become a banker to his regiment and later the domestic chaplain to the Earl of Morley 's family .
'We know how close Jane Austen and Francis were . She never came out and said 'your husband was Mr Darcy ' - so we can not say that 100 per cent .
'It can be very frustrating and it is like trying to piece together a jigsaw . It has been fascinating and I have been longing to find that cast iron bit of evidence .
'But after spending so long on it , I am pretty convinced . '
Size matters when it comes to safe sex .
A southern Swedish health clinic is offering services to men to measure their penis in order to fit them with the correct condom size .
Specially designed tape will measure penises in diameter rather than in length and the clinic hopes the unique opportunity will help boost the number of young men to visit youth clinics .
Emelie Svensson , a nurse at the clinic , told radio station P4 Blekinge :
'When you get guys to visit you can move on to mental health , so we want to get them here one way or another . '
Condom use numbers in Sweden is declining , reported The Local , despite the country having very high numbers of sexually transmitted disease cases .
Sweden was named the STD capital of Europe in 2013 , according to studies by Health Express .
In 2015 , there was a 26 percent increase of gonorrhoea cases and a 35 percent increase in syphilis cases , according to Sweden 's Public Health Agency .
The health clinic hopes that the higher spread use of condoms will encourage safe sex practices in young Swedish men .
Radomir Novakovic Cakan is a successful businessman from Montenegro , who has earned himself nicknames like “ the best boss in the Balkans ” and “ Brother ” by being incredibly generous to his employees .
Cakan , who owns “ Cakan Sports ” , the largest sporting goods store chain in Montenegro , and recently went into politics , has been making news headlines in Balkan countries for years , but not for his professional success . He is best known for the generosity he shows his loyal and hard-working employees , and the close relationship he has with them . The businessman firmly believes that his company can only thrive if he keeps his employees happy , and to that end , he has offered the best of them some pretty unbelievable presents .
Radomir first surprised his workers back in 2012 , when he offered four of them brand new cars – 2 VW Golf 6 and 2 VW Polo – complete with paid insurance . They were some of the oldest and most hard-working employees of Cakan Sports , and since the company had recently moved its operations on the outskirts of Bar , Cakan thought his best people shouldn ’ t have to struggle to get to work . “ This way , they no longer have an excuse for coming in late , ” the owner joked in an interview .
As you can imagine , the recipients of the generous gifts were shocked . “ When we saw them , we were speechless , ” Danijela Roćenović recalls . “ While the boss was saying ‘ this is a gift for you ’ , all I could think of was ‘ this is not real , this can ’ t be happening to us ’ .
But this was just one of the generous ways Radomir Novakovic Cakan has rewarded his employees over the years . In 2014 , after hearing that one of his workers had been saving up his paychecks so he could buy a ticket to the World Cup soccer final , in Brazil , he took him there himself , at his own expense .
A couple of year ago , he sent a group of 14 employees on exotic vacations to the Bahamas and the Seychelles , simply because “ they deserved it ” . Another time , he sent more of his employees on a luxury cruise on the Mediterranean .
Asked why he doesn ’ t use a cheaper means of motivating his employees , like a small raise or a cash bonus , Cakan had this to say : “ Money comes and goes , but memories are forever . I have a friend who runs a travel agency and I asked him what ’ s on offer and the prices , because I wanted to offer my employees a vacation . When they returned they were happier , and worked even harder . They showed me photographs , and we laughed together at their adventures . ”
After getting lots of attention from news outlets both in Montenegro and neighboring Serbia , for his display of generosity towards his employees , Radomir said he was shocked by all the coverage .
“ When a person is normal , this is big news , ” the businessman said . “ It surprised me a little , but I was happy about the positive feedback , as that is very rare nowadays , especially when one is in politics . ”
Last year , Radomir Novakovic Cakan went into politics , becoming a councilor of the Municipality of Bar . Although he has been actively working with authorities to make life better for the people of this city , his generosity once again overshadowed his professional activity . It was recently revealed that Cakan hasn ’ t cashed any of the 11 paychecks he was due – which amount to $ 15,300 – choosing instead to donate it to various charities . He also declined to receive a work phone and to have his travel expenses paid from taxpayers ’ money .
Asked why many of his employees call him “ Brother ” , Radomir told a reporter that it was because “ brothers always help each other ” .
As is always the case with such positive stories , some people just can ’ t help spew a little vitriol . They accuse Cakan of being nothing more than a clever businessman who uses this so-called generosity to avoid paying taxes .
A flight attendant was forced to break two wine bottles over the head of a passenger who tried to open the plane ’ s exit door thousands of feet over the ocean , court documents have revealed .
The steward broke the first bottle over the head of Joseph Daniel Hudek IV , 23 , who had lunged for the door and fought with other passengers during a Delta Air Lines flight from Seattle to Beijing . But it did n't faze him , an FBI agent wrote in charging papers filed on Friday .
Mr Hudek , of Tampa , Florida , appeared in US District Court , wearing a beige jail uniform and sporting a scrape or bruise below his right eye .
He was arrested on Thursday night after causing the disturbance that forced the plane to return to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport , authorities said .
Mr Hudek did not speak during the hearing . His attorney declined to comment .
Mr Hudek was charged with interfering with a flight crew , which carries a possible sentence of up to 20 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . He is expected to remain in custody at least until a detention hearing on Thursday .
One flight attendant and a passenger were taken to a hospital after suffering severe facial injuries , authorities said . Perry Cooper , a spokesman for the Port of Seattle , described the injuries as non-life-threatening .
A probable cause statement written by FBI special agent Caryn Highley said Mr Hudek was sitting in the first row of the Boeing 767 's first-class section . He asked a flight attendant for a beer before takeoff , and was served one , but he exhibited no sign of being intoxicated and ordered no other alcoholic drinks , the attendant told authorities .
About an hour into the flight , while the plane was over the Pacific Ocean northwest of Vancouver Island , Mr Hudek went into the forward restroom . He came out quickly , asked the attendant a question , and went back in , the agent wrote .
When he came out again two minutes later , he suddenly lunged for the exit door , grabbed the handle and tried to open it , Ms Highley wrote . Two attendants grabbed him , but he pushed them away , and the attendants signalled for help from several passengers and notified the cockpit by telephone , the complaint said .
Mr Hudek punched one flight attendant twice in the face and struck at least one passenger in the head with a red dessert wine bottle , it said .
As the struggle continued , a flight attendant grabbed two wine bottles and hit Mr Hudek over the head with each – breaking at least one of them , Ms Highley wrote .
“ Hudek did not seem impacted by the breaking of a full litre red wine bottle over his head , and instead shouted , 'Do you know who I am ? ' , ” the complaint said .
One passenger got him in a headlock , but he broke out of it , until finally several passengers held him long enough to place zip-tie restraints on him , Ms Highley wrote . Even then he remained combative , she said , and it took multiple passengers to keep him restrained until the plane landed and Port of Seattle police arrested him .
Mr Hudek had been traveling on a “ dependent pass ” , the complaint said . Such passes allow certain relatives of Delta employees to fly standby . |
Passenger Dustin Jones told KIRO-TV that he saw the man being rolled into the terminal in a wheelchair after the plane landed .
“ He started yelling for help , ” Mr Jones said . “ And so he turned the wheelchair over in the middle of the airport , screaming for people to help him , just being belligerent . ”
The flight left for Beijing later on Thursday night .
Nicolas Cage is currently on a tour of Kazakhstan while he is in the country to attend the 13th Eurasia International Film Festival .
During a meeting with first lady Sara Nazarbayeva , he dressed in traditional Kazakh wear for a photo that would soon go viral .
The photo of Cage , 53 , looking awkward as he stood in the long coat and fur hat was soon dropped into various popular photos by fans who got a kick out of his less-than-thrilled face .
Cage was superimposed onto a picture of Marvel superheros including Superman , Wonder Woman and Batman by one creative fan on VK.com .
Another crafty artist put him in the Game Of Thrones sword throne for a hilarious take on the picture .
He was also added in to a photo of Donald Trump with his wife Melania and daughter Ivanka posing with a less-than-thrilled Pope .
In the most inspired of the memes , Cage takes the place of Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom in a photo taken during the G20 summit in Berlin earlier this month . Cage is seated to the left of president Trump , who can be seen huddling with Turkish president Recep Erdogan while Khazik Cage looks straight ahead .
One edit even put Cage next to Sad Ben Affleck at a dinner table by a user who appeared to be from Kazakhstan .
This is far from the first time Cage has gone viral for the expression on his face .
In 2009 , a blog launched called Nic Cage As Everyone , which , like it 's title , put Nicolas ' face on everyone from Thomas the Tank Engine to the cast of Twilight .
Cage recently starred in Inconceivable , a thriller which also stars Gina Gershon and Nicky Whelan , released on June 30 .
He has four movies in the can expected to be released this year : The Humanity Bureau , # 211 , Looking Glass and Mom And Dad .
Nicolas is currently filming a movie called Mandy , which is slated for a 2018 release .
Films and TV shows are already effective at tugging our heartstrings or putting us on the edge of our seats .
But new technology could be about to make the small screen a great deal more immersive .
Researchers are developing ways of generating emotions through the sense of touch , smell and taste that could lead to what the designers are calling 9D TV .
While current cutting-edge 3D TVs help turn flat images into an experience that has depth and distance , it is often not enough to create truly compelling viewing , explained the researchers .
Instead , the team based at the University of Sussex in Brighton is developing a system that uses bursts of air to stimulate different parts of the hand .
Separate regions of the hand have been linked with generating certain emotions - although the emotion triggered can depend on the location and force of the touch , for example .
The device being developed in Brighton , built by electronics firm Ultrahaptics , takes advantage of this research to touch hands in a way that conveys a range of emotions from happiness and sadness to excitement or fear .
It works by using ultrasound speakers to produce a flow of air that can be transmitted to a person 's skin .
By using short sharp bursts of air to the area around the thumb , index finger and middle part of the palm to generate excitement , for example . To create sad feelings , the air is used to create a slow and moderate stimulation of the outer palm and the area around the 'pinky ' .
The group is now starting to develop similar technology that exploits our sense of smell and taste .
The result would be a 9D TV that combines vision , sound , touch , smell and the five tastes - sweet , salty , sour , bitter and umami .
Dr Marianna Obrist , who led the work at the department of informatics at the University of Sussex , said combined together they could bring all of our senses into the experience of watching television .
Early research by her team has shown that taste can be used to convey certain experiences .
Participants in a trial study experienced sweet tastes as being 'smooth ' or 'round ' while sour was more 'spikey ' .
Similarly , her group found it could establish 'smell stories ' for participants by finding smells they associated with particular experiences .
There are already some technologies that attempt to manipulate the sense of taste and smell , such as electrically stimulating the tongue or releasing perfumes to replicate certain smells .
Dr Obrist and her colleagues presented details of their Ultrahaptics device to the annual Computer Human Interface conference in South Korea .
She said : 'Relatively soon , we may be able to realise truly compelling and multi-faceted media experiences , such as nine-dimensional TV , or computer games that evoke emotions through taste .
'While the first four senses are already well established or emerging , I am particularly intrigued by the potential of taste and exploiting the taste experiences in a media context .
'Longer term , we will be exploring how multi-sensory experiences can benefit people with sensory impairments , including those that are widely neglected in Human-Computer Interaction research , such as a taste disorder . '
She said the technology could even be used to send emotions via mobile devices like smartphones .
Vocabulary
If you frequently find yourself covered in mosquito bites , while others escape without so much as an itch , you can blame your genes .
For British scientists have discovered evidence that some people are simply born to attract mosquitoes .
In experiments they found that people ’ s body smell attracted the insects in different ways - and this was strongly influences by genetics .
The team , led by scientists at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , found that pairs of identical twins - who share 100 per cent of their genes - are equally attractive to mosquitoes .
Non-identical twins , who only share about 50 per cent of their genes , differ in the degree to which they attract the bugs , the scientists found .
The research , published in the journal PLOS One , provides strong evidence that your chance of being bitten is genetically-driven .
The results show that the trait has a similar link to genes as height and IQ .
The findings build on previous work linking body odour to the chances of being attacked by mosquitoes .
The team - which also included scientists from Nottingham University , Rothamsted Research in Hertforshire , and the University of Florida - think that some individuals produce a natural insect repellent that keeps them safe .
They believe that , with further research , it may be possible to take a pill that encourages the production of this repellent odour .
Lead scientist Dr James Logan , from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , said : ‘ By investigating the genetic mechanism behind attractiveness to biting insects such as mosquitoes we can move closer to using this knowledge for better ways of keeping us safe from bites and the diseases insects can spread through bites .
‘ If we understand the genetic basis for variation between individuals it could be possible to develop bespoke ways to control mosquitoes better , and develop new ways to repel them .
‘ In the future we may even be able to take a pill which will enhance the production of natural repellents by the body and ultimately replace skin lotions . ’
The study involved 18 identical and 19 non-identical twin pairs .
In the experiment , Aedies aegypti mosquitoes - which transmit dengue fever - were released into a Y-shaped tube which divides into two sections .
They were allowed to fly down either side towards the odour from the study participants ’ hands to see which twin they were most attracted to .
Vocabulary
Located in the Swiss Alps , near the famous resort of St. Moritz , the commune of Bergün/Bravuogn is one of the most beautiful mountain villages in Europe . So beautiful , in fact , that photos of it shared on social media may make people feel depressed that they can ’ t visit , so local authorities banned tourist from taking photos .
It may sound like a joke , but it ’ s actually a new law adopted by the Bergün village council and approved by its mayor . And yes , their justification for the photo ban is that photos of their beautiful home with the stunning mountain peaks in the background could make people seeing them on social media jealous and depressed . To deter visitors from taking photos in Bergün , they plan to implement a symbolic €5 fine for those caught breaking the new rules .
According to a statement by the Bergün tourism authority , “ It is scientifically proven that beautiful holiday photos on social media make the viewer unhappy because they can not be there themselves . ”
“ Bergün is beautiful , we don ’ t want to make people outside the community unhappy by sharing social media photos of our picturesque landscape , and we cordially invite you to visit Bergün to experience it for yourself , ” said mayor Peter Nicolay . “ I am very pleased that the inhabitants of Bergün have the happiness of all people at heart . That makes me very proud . ”
However , it seems unlikely that Bergün ’ s new law was really thought up as a way to spare Facebook or Instagram users of the depressing experience of seeing the beauty of the village . As the news went viral online , many speculated that it was actually a clever marketing scheme , a theory that was at least partially confirmed by the village ’ s director of tourism , Marc-Andrea Barandun .
“ In the background of course the idea is that everyone is talking about Bergün , ” he told The Local . “ So it ’ s a combination of both – we made the law and also there ’ s some marketing [ aim ] behind it. ” Barandun added that it is unlikely that anyone will actually be fined from taking a photo in the village .
To show that they were serious about the law , Bergün authorities removed photos of the village from its Facebook and Twitter accounts , and have declared their intention to remove them from the Bergün website too .
If the new law is just a promotional stunt , it actually worked wonders , as people started posting more photos of the beautiful mountain village soon after news of the photo ban started making news headlines .
A few days ago , Mayor Nicolay addressed the controversial photo ban in a promotional video , where he offers people visiting Bergün a special permit to take photos . He cautions them to think twice before sharing the pics online , though , as they could be making their friends depressed .
It causes arguments in households the world over - that age old debate , whose turn is it to do the washing up ?
And while the temptation to leave the dishes until the morning , piled high in your sink , is often hard to ignore at the end of a stressful day , scientists now believe the daily chore could be good for your health and wellbeing .
A study has found that people who do the dishes mindfully , focusing on their actions carefully , feel less stressed and nervous .
Scientists at Florida State University set out to discover if washing up could be used as an informal contemplative practise to promote mindfulness and improve emotional wellbeing .
They expected to find that people 'receiving mindful dishwashing instruction would evidence greater state of mindfulness , attention awareness and positive affect , as well as reduce negative affect and lead to over-estimations of time spent dish washing ' .
Mindfulness is described as being a state of active , open attention of the present time , according to Psychology Today .
When a person achieves mindfulness they observe their thoughts and feelings from a distance without judging them as good or bad .
Instead of letting your life pass you by , the practise encourages a person to live in the moment and relish their daily experiences .
To analyse the impact of washing the dishes , researchers at Florida State University recruited 51 students to engage in mindful dishwashing .
Just over half read a 230-word passage that highlighted the importance of the sensory experience of dishwashing , Fox News reported .
The remaining participants acted as controls , and read a similar-length passage about proper dishwashing techniques .
They were then asked to complete measures of mindfulness , affect and experiential recall .
Those who performed mindful dishwashing were found to have achieved 'greater state mindfulness , increases in elements of positive affect , eg inspiration , decreases in nervousness and over-estimations of dishwashing time ' .
Feelings of nervousness decreased by 27 per cent in those who mindfully washed their dishes , while inspiration increased by 25 per cent in the same group .
Meanwhile there was no change among those in the control group .
The researchers said their findings could have implications for other daily activities .
They wrote : 'Implications for these findings are diverse and suggest that mindfulness as well as positive affect could be cultivated through intentionally engaging in a broad range of activities . '
The study was published in the journal Mindfulness .
German citizens possess the world 's most powerful passport , according to an annual study , with Britain and the US falling just short of the top spot .
The ranking by Henley & amp ; Partners , a citizenship and planning firm , takes into account how many countries can be visited without applying for a visa .
German passport holders can travel to 177 , out of a possible 218 , while Britons can visit 175 and US citizens 174 .
The UK topped the 2015 rankings , alongside Germany , but ceded the top spot after several countries relaxed visa restrictions to the latter . It was also leapfrogged by Sweden and now shares third place with France , Italy , Spain and Finland .
Belgium , Denmark and the Netherlands share fourth spot with the US .
The world 's least powerful passport belongs to citizens of Afghanistan , who can visit just 25 countries without a visa .
`` Generally , there was significant movement across the board with only 21 of the 199 countries listed remaining in the same rank , '' said Henley & amp ; Partners .
`` No country , however , dropped more than three positions , indicating that overall , visa-free access is improving around the world .
`` Four countries in particular made huge gains ; Tonga rising 16 spots , Palau by 20 , Colombia by 25 and Timor-Leste being the highest climber with an increase of 33 ranks .
`` Malta , the EU member country which runs the world ’ s most successful citizenship-by-investment program has gained visa-free access to another two countries since 2015 , making it the 8th most powerful passport in the world .
`` The leading country in the Caribbean , Antigua and Barbuda , meanwhile ranked 30th and its passport-holders may now travel to 134 countries visa-free .
`` Portugal , which holds the most attractive residence-by-investment program through its Golden Visa Program , has taken 6th position in the 2016 Index , gaining two countries to total 172 countries its citizens may travel to visa-free.The global progress in travel freedom looks set to continue for citizens of all countries . ''
The world 's most powerful passports
1 . Germany , 177 countries can be visited without a visa1 .
2 . Sweden , 1762 .
3 . Finland , France , Italy , Spain , United Kingdom , 175
4 . Belgium , Denmark , Netherlands , United States , 174
5 . Austria , Japan , Singapore , 173
6 . Canada , Ireland ( Republic of ) , Korea ( Republic of , South ) , Luxembourg , Norway , Portugal , Switzerland , 172
7 . Greece , New Zealand , 171
8 . Australia , 169
9 . Malta , 168
10 . Hungary , Czech Republic , Iceland , 167
The world 's least powerful passports
1 . Afghanistan , 25 countries can be visited without a visa
2 . Pakistan , 29
3 . Iraq , 30
4 . Somalia , 31
5 . Syria , 32
6 . Libya , 36
7 . Eritrea , Ethiopia , Iran , Nepal , Palestinian Territory , Sudan , 37
8 . Kosovo , South Sudan , Yemen , 38
9 . Bangladesh , Congo ( Democratic Republic of ) , Lebanon , Sri Lanka , 39
10 . Burundi , Korea ( The Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ) , Myanmar , 42
In a discovery that will give nutritionists the shivers , a Japanese scientist has discovered that consuming ice cream for breakfast improves a person 's alertness and mental performance .
Yoshihiko Koga , a professor at Tokyo 's Kyorin University , has carried out a series of clinical trials in which test subjects were required to eat ice cream immediately after waking up .
They were then put through a series of mental exercises on a computer .
Compared to a group that had not eaten ice cream , Prof Koga 's subjects exhibited faster reaction times and better information-processing capabilities , the Excite News web site reported .
Monitoring of the subjects ' brain activity revealed an increase in high-frequency alpha waves , which are linked to elevated levels of alertness and reduced mental irritation .
To examine the possibility that the test subjects ' reactions were simply the result of the brain being shocked into higher levels of alertness by the low temperature of the ice cream , Prof Koga repeated the experiment with cold water instead of ice cream .
Test subjects who drank cold water did display a degree of increased alertness and mental capacity , although the levels were markedly lower than among subjects who started the day with ice cream .
Prof Koga is a specialist in psychophysiology , with his studies including looking into links between certain types of food and reduced stress .
Another area of study is the connection between different foods and their impact on the ageing process .
Prof Koga is continuing his research and has yet to determine a firm connection between the mental boost delivered by ice cream and a specific ingredient , while another explanation may lie in the sense that ice cream is a treat that triggers positive emotions and added energy .
British nutritionists have reacted with some skepticism to Dr Koga 's findings .
`` A possible explanation ( for increased alertness ) ... is the simple presence of consuming breakfast vs. not consuming breakfast , '' said Katie Barfoot , a Nutritional Psychology Doctoral Researcher at Reading University .
`` Our brain needs glucose to function , and a high glucose meal will aid mental capacity considerably compared to a fasted brain .
`` This , however , does not condone eating dessert for breakfast . A study which explores the interaction between consumption of low and high GI foods , whilst including a fasted group , would establish a better understanding of this increased mental capacity . ''
There has already been some scientific research into why ice cream may have a positive mental effect on those who eat it .
In 2005 , neuroscientists at the Institute of Psychiatry in London scanned the brains of test subjects as they ate vanilla ice cream and saw immediate results .
The study found that eating ice cream activated the same `` pleasure spots '' of the brain that are lit up by winning money , or listening to a favourite piece of music .
`` This is the first time that we 've been able to show that ice cream makes you happy , '' Unilever spokesman Don Darling said at the time .
`` Just one spoonful lights up the happy zones of the brain in clinical trials . ''
It 's not the first time a study has suggested a high-calorie `` dessert '' could be better eaten in the morning , either - a 2012 study found that eating chocolate cake for breakfast could help you lose weight .
Experts at cosmetics retailer Beauty Flash reveal how western beauty has changed with the times - and the icons who epitomised each look . From pencil-thin eyebrows to red lips and '70s disco culture , we reveal how beauty has evolved over the past century .
1910s
American ballroom dancing legend and actress Irene Castle ( 1893 - 1969 ) epitomised western beauty during the 1910s . The Broadway star and all-round trendsetter helped popularise shorter skirts and loose , elasticised corsets and was credited with introducing American women to the bob at a time when makeup was becoming mainstream among everyday women .
1920s
For Hollywood icon Clara Blow , who rose to stardom in silent films during the 1920s , facial expressions were hugely important and her wide eyes and arched , heavily-pencilled eyebrows were vital for helping to frame her face . Meanwhile , women 's post-war lifestyles had begun to celebrate individuality through fashion and makeup like never before .
1930s
Three-time Oscar nominee Joan Crawford ( c. 1908-1977 ) is synonymous with the Golden Age of Hollywood thanks , in part , to her striking beauty look which favoured dark eyebrows , thick clumpy eyelashes . She was also a pioneer of soft grey eyeshadow and heavily-lined lips
1940s
Beauty supplies were scarce during wartime rationing which forced women to adopt a more neutral look , and Grace Kelly 's ( 1929-1982 ) understated elegance - even after she married into Monaco 's fabulously wealthy royal family - was a source of inspiration to women the world over .
1950s
The 1950s saw the introduction of high-voltage glamour thanks to the dawn of colour cinema , with sirens like Marilyn Monroe ( 1926-1962 ) leading the way . The blonde sex symbol , with her impossibly long lashes and bright red pout , championed a flawless glamour not seen before .
1960s
In the 1960s , vampy glamour made way for a simpler , low-maintenance look . The emphasis was on dramatic eyes , with supermodel Twiggy ( b . 1949 ) showcasing thick , clumpy lashes and heavy liner along with her boyish pixie cut as women 's rights movements began to take off .
1970s
The birth of disco in the 1970s gave rise to big hair , bright colours and glitter galore . Jerry Hall ( b . 1956 ) , who had graced more than 40 magazine covers by 1977 , was the undisputed beauty icon of the decade thanks , in part , to her high-profile relationship with Mick Jagger .
1980s
Stars like Blondie 's Debbie Harry ( b . 1945 ) championed girl power during a time when women were gaining stronger roles in the world of work . Her choppy bold lips and colourful eyeshadow defined the edgy , rock 'n ' roll glamour .
1990s
The so-called 'age of the supermodel ' during the 1990s saw catwalk queens like Kate Moss ( b.1974 ) taking centre stage . Thin eyebrows , smoky eyes and lip liner were once again the order of the day while grunge and goth culture also had their moment
2000s
Pop princesses like Britney Spears ( b.1981 ) had their heyday in the early noughties , with glitter , shimmer and lip gloss contributing to their ultra-girly image - not to mention lashings of fake tan .
2010s
Supermodel Cara Delevigne 's ( b . 1992 ) ultra bushy brows burst onto the scene in 2011 and have since amassed a cult following , inspiring thousands of women to channel fuller brows whether by tinting , pencilling or even tattooing them on . Meanwhile stars like Kim Kardashian have extolled the virtues of face contouring to give your face the illusion of more definition .
An American airline won the right to weigh its passengers over a six-month period earlier this year to learn how it could save fuel , after discovering the average passenger and carry-on luggage was heavier than expected .
Hawaiian Airlines has now scrapped pre-booked seating for people flying the 2,600-mile route between Honolulu and the American Samoa .
Instead , passengers will be assigned seats when they check-in to make sure weight is evenly distributed around the main cabin of the plane . The airline will keep at least one seat open per row or place children under the age of 13 in those seats .
Some passengers said the policy was discriminatory as it only affects people flying on one route , from Honolulu to Pago Pago , with most passengers being of Samoan descent . Samoans have among the highest rates of obesity in the world .
Six complaints have been filed with the US Department of Transportation since 29 September , as reported by the Economist .
The department ruled in favour of the new policy , with airline officials claiming an even distribution of weight could prevent a crash landing .
Hawaiian Airlines said it had conducted a voluntary , six-month passenger weight survey on the Pago Pago route , starting in February , asking all passengers to be weighed along with their carry-on luggage .
As a result , the airline scrapped seat pre-selection only on the American Samoa route because the other flight routes surveyed , for example in Korea and Japan , showed no evidence of excess weight .
The airline had also ruled out other possible causes of fuel loss , such as strong winds .
Spokesperson Alex Da Silva told The Independent that no passengers will be asked to step on the scales now that the survey has been completed , and that the airline can still accommodate all parties and can sit families together .
Hawaiian Airlines is not the first passenger carrier to make the move . It follows Samoa Air starting to weigh passengers in 2013 .
Uzbekistan Airways also began weighing passengers in 2015 .
He is normally something of a dapper dude .
But Benedict Cumberbatch showed early signs of becoming an embarrassing dad when he stepped out for a jog in questionable sportswear on Sunday .
The 38 year-old actor , who is expecting his first child with wife Sophie Hunter , was spotted in a 1980s-inspired outfit during an exercise regime in the Cotswolds .
When Kelsang Dolma began sending in her college applications , the first thing she did was lock down her Twitter account .
`` I was applying to about 10 schools and I knew that every bit of information could be crucial , '' said Dolma , now a junior at Yale University . `` My Twitter by no means was offensive , but I worried that any little joke could be a deal breaker . Most of the schools I applied to had razor thin admission rates , so I wanted to be safe rather than sorry . ''
Dolma ’ s story turned out safe . Others have turned out sorry .
Online profiles are now just another part of a student 's background like a GPA or extra-curricular activities . College admissions officers routinely check social media , with 35 percent of those surveyed by Kaplan Test Prep saying they have checked applicants ' social media postings . Of those , 42 percent said that what they found had a negative impact on the student 's application .
Consequences can be severe . Recently , Harvard revoked the acceptance letters of 10 students after discovering they had posted offensive memes to a Facebook group chat . The event and others like it have struck fear into the hearts of students and parents alike—and for good reason .
Scrubbing social media accounts—or preemptively making sure their online presences can ’ t be tracked—has become a common move for students entering their senior year of high school in 2017 . Plenty of teens have had social media accounts since middle school and are terrified that an errant post or tagged photo from years ago could come back to haunt them .
Unfortunately , there are still lots of students who do n't take necessary precautions when it comes to policing their own online presence .
`` One of the things this Harvard example highlights is that a lot of kids do things online that can come back to bite them . It 's important to realize that it happens on a much more regular level , '' said Patrick Ambron , CEO at BrandYourself , an online reputation management firm that works with students .
It 's hard to grow up online these days and not leave behind something , anything , that might prove suspect in the eyes of a college admissions officer . That 's where BrandYourself comes in .
The company recently launched a new `` Student Makeover '' product aimed at high schoolers ' worried parents . Billed as `` the perfect graduation gift , '' the service promises to surface and remove risky online references to sex , alcohol , drugs , politics , religion , and more for $ 99 , according to the website .
To get started , students grant the BrandYourself system access to their Facebook and Twitter accounts . The software then scours thousands of old posts and uses a machine learning algorithm to pull up the ones that may be deemed problematic . Students and their parents can then evaluate the old posts and choose whether or not to delete the content .
The program will also identify troubling search results for a student 's name and provide an overall reputation score , which indicates how likely it is that a student 's results will negatively affect their career or college prospects .
BrandYourself 's makeover product is new , but students have spent years been using home-grown methods to avoid admissions officers . For many , adopting a senior name is the first step they take to shield their real identity .
`` Senior names , '' which many students adopt at the end of summer or the beginning of senior year , are aliases used on Facebook throughout their senior year , and sometimes beyond . These aliases are theoretically meant to hide a student 's real identity from admissions officers or summer internship hiring managers who search for their offline name .
While senior names are a great first step , other high schoolers take more extensive measures to protect their identity like deleting old accounts or creating duplicate `` ghost '' profiles that they use to share questionable material online .
These are the amazing pictures that could be about to spark the latest viral internet sensation after a former pro rugby player has brought the 'Human Flag ' craze to the UK .
The images of Dave Jackson , 32 , preforming the difficult move , which is part of the calisthenics regime currently sweeping the USA , have gone viral .
It involves using incredible body strength to suspend yourself sideways in mid-air to make a human flag - using a static object as the pole .
The impressive move , which requires incredible strength , is part of calisthenics , an exercise regime .
The fitness craze , which is sweeping across the United States is a form of strength training which requires little equipment .
He has also been snapped at various landmarks in his hometown of Nottingham including from the city 's iconic Robin Hood statue .
If you thought pineapple was the worst thing to put on a pizza , you were very wrong . A restaurant in Japan is offering pizza topped with cotton candy and seasoned with honey sauce . Sounds “ devine ” !
Schmatz Beer Dining , a German-themed restaurant in Tokyo , Japan , is changing pizza as we know it . Instead of classic ingredients like prosciutto , peppers or tomato sauce , it uses spun sugar as the main ingredient for one of its pies . And if you ’ re thinking that this is probably just a pizza-shaped dessert , you ’ re wrong again . The bizarre dish consists of a thin-crust pizza dough pie , cheese and cotton candy . The ketchup is replaced by a special honey-based ginger sauce that is poured over the cotton candy , melting the candy floss and allowing the sugar to really get into the pizza .
Cotton candy pizza recently made news headlines in Japan , after Schmatz advertised it as a way of celebrating cherry blossom season . They added pink coloring and cherry blossom flavoring to both the cotton candy and the ginger sauce . This special pizza is only a temporary item on the menu , and can only be ordered until April 2nd .
I can almost see conservative pizza fans breathing a sigh of relief at the news that this travesty is only a promotional gimmick , but it ’ s actually not . While the special cherry blossom variant is just a one-off thing , plain cotton candy pizza is here to stay . In fact , RocketNews24 reports that Schmatz has been serving the unusual dish for a while now , so it must be pretty popular .
So if you ever find yourself in the Kanda district of Tokyo and get a craving for cheese pizza and cotton candy , stop by Schmatz Beer Dining . They ’ ll hook you up !
Or you could spend $ 2,000 on this gold-covered pizza , instead .
In offices across Russia , the countdown to International Women 's Day is a whirl of last-minute meetings and dashes for gifts as men race to prepare festivities for their female colleagues .
`` We 've sent out loads of emails , we 've analysed the market , we 've pooled ideas , and we 've just got one more meeting ahead of the launch of Operation Women 's Day , '' confided Sergei Krakhmalyev , who works at Rosbank , a major Russian bank .
`` This year we 've decided not to spend money on gifts that are useless , shall we say , but to organise a buffet , '' he said .
Krakhmalyev , who is in his 40s , works in a team of eight men and 35 women . He calculates that this year 's celebration will cost about 25,000 rubles ( $ 430 ) .
`` It 's expensive , '' he says , `` but it 's a Soviet tradition that I think it 's important to keep up . ''
A public holiday in the Soviet Union since 1965 , March 8 is an opportunity for Russian men to `` remember the importance of women '' in society , he says .
International Women 's Day is also a public holiday , so office celebrations are held the day before .
This year 's events are expected to be relatively low-key in comparison to the oil-boom years , when many companies spared no expense .
`` The company used to allocate a big budget for this holiday and took as many as 500 women out to a restaurant , '' recalled Irina , who works in human resources at a major Russian company .
`` That was before the 2008 economic crisis , '' said Irina , 40 , who asked not to disclose her surname . `` Now the men have a whip-round to buy us flowers and chocolates . ''
Nevertheless the holiday `` cheers up the atmosphere in the team , '' she said .
In Russia , it is also widely seen as a counterpart to the Day of the Defender of the Fatherland , on February 23 , which is nominally for those who served in the army but is considered the male equivalent .
In offices , this holiday is often an occasion for celebrations that take an unreconstructed approach to gender roles .
`` This year we organised a fake army recruitment drive '' for the defender holiday , Irina said . `` We gave our colleagues a medical and some of us were dressed up as sexy nurses . ''
`` Now the men are under pressure . They have to try to do better than us , even if we know that 's impossible , '' she added with a smile .
- Bonanza for florists -
Some men , however , including Vitaly Konyayev , a project manager in the southern Russian city of Saratov , find it hard to get into the holiday spirit .
`` This year my colleagues did n't give me anything for February 23 , so they can whistle for a gift on March 8 , '' he said .
The March 8 holiday `` only means something if you give flowers to a woman you love and respect -- not those you are forced to rub along with at work , '' he said .
He complained that he had to pay almost 1,000 rubles for a bunch of flowers for the holiday , which brings a bonanza for florists .
Flower prices often double ahead of the March 8 holiday -- and orders double as well , said Florence Gervais d'Aldin , a French flower grower and importer who has worked in Russia for more than 20 years .
Her business , which specialises in scented roses , sells more than 8,000 roses on March 7 and 8 , compared with her usual sales of 600 per day .
`` It 's a day for mothers , for sweethearts , for colleagues , all together , '' Gervais d'Aldin said , with its popularity `` far higher '' than that of St Valentine 's Day , on February 14 .
- Starting young -
The stress of organising a celebration for female counterparts starts early , with boys in elementary school expected to throw celebrations for the girls in their class .
Sasha Kuznetsov , 11 , has put together a programme of cakes , balloons , greeting cards and even a concert .
`` I think this holiday should exist , but it should n't be celebrated in such a pompous way , '' he said .
`` In any case , soon it will be pointless because women 's rights will be respected , '' he added .
For foreigners working in Russia , the full-on approach is a culture shock , said Samuel , a French national working for Sberbank , the country 's biggest lender .
`` Russians get used to this holiday from childhood , but for us , it 's always a bit strange , '' he said .
He found himself designated a `` volunteer '' to organise this year 's celebrations , a role that he said requires `` endless meetings and spreadsheets '' . Last year , the party ended up costing more than 150,000 rubles .
`` For my Russian colleagues , it 's a time to make a gesture , '' he said . `` Even if it is often corny and some things would make a French woman scream . ''
It may be a day or two before the world knows what to call Britain 's new princess . When Prince George , her older brother , was born in 2013 , royal officials waited two days before announcing his name .
The Duchess of Cambridge delighted her nation and royal enthusiasts around the world Saturday by delivering a princess that millions in Britain were hoping for .
The baby , Prince William and Kate 's second child , was born Saturday morning and weighed 8 pounds 3 ounces ( 3.7 kilograms ) , officials said .
She is fourth in line to the throne and the fifth great-grandchild of 89-year-old Queen Elizabeth II . Britain has n't welcomed a princess born this high up the line of succession for decades .
Speculation about the new royal 's name has been frenetic : Alice and Charlotte are the clear favorites , followed by Elizabeth , Victoria and Diana – all names with strong royal connections .
Royal children are usually given several names – the baby 's brother was christened George Alexander Louis – so the princess 's name could incorporate more than one of those guesses .
Anticipation had been building for weeks after Kate , 33 , told a well-wisher she was due around late April . Still , journalists were caught slightly off guard when she delivered barely three hours after checking into the hospital at dawn Saturday . William , 32 , was present at the birth .
The couple later emerged on the hospital steps with the infant to briefly pose for photographers before leaving for their home at nearby Kensington Palace . Kate , who wore a yellow-and-white floral shift dress by British designer Jenny Packham , held the sleeping baby wrapped in a white shawl .
The couple looked relaxed but did n't answer any questions . William earlier told reporters he was `` very happy '' as he brought young George to the hospital to meet his baby sister . George , looking slightly alarmed by all the cameras , waved dutifully at the adoring crowds .
The queen and senior royals were `` delighted with the news , '' officials said . The queen marked the occasion by wearing a pink ensemble while carrying out an official engagement in North Yorkshire , 250 miles ( 400 kilometers ) north of London .
Cheers and chants of `` Princess ! Princess ! '' rang out from the hundreds of well-wishers and tourists gathered outside the palace and the hospital as soon as the news was announced . One fan who had camped out outside the hospital for days danced with joy .
`` I 'm top of the world , '' said royal camper Terry Hutt , 80 , decked out in patriotic Union Jack gear . He did not expect the birth to happen as soon as it did but said : `` Babies come when they 're ready . ''
`` If Diana was here , she 'd be very , very proud , '' he added , referring to the late Princess Diana , William 's mother .
The news was announced on social media sites like Twitter as well as by a traditional bulletin on a gilded easel in front of Buckingham Palace – a practice that dates to 1837 .
A town crier in an elaborate costume _ with no official connection to the royal family – shouted out the news at the hospital 's door , clanging his bell to welcome the new royal .
`` May our princess be long-lived , happy and glorious , '' said Tony Appleton , reading from a scroll in a booming voice .
The Hollywood star Angelina Jolie has been appointed visiting professor at the London School of Economics ( LSE ) , where she will teach a Masters in gender and human rights .
The Oscar-winning actress will join former foreign secretary William Hague as a lecturer at the university 's Centre for Women , Peace and Security where she will help to teach students studying for a Master 's degree .
Jolie Pitt , who has been a goodwill ambassador for the UN Refugee Agency and is currently one of its special envoys , has been a vocal campaigner on refugee rights , and against the female genital mutilation and the use of rape as a weapon of war .
She said : `` I am very encouraged by the creation of this master 's programme . I hope other academic institutions will follow this example , as it is vital that we broaden the discussion on how to advance women 's rights and end impunity for crimes that disproportionately affect women , such as sexual violence in conflict .
`` I am looking forward to teaching and to learning from the students as well as to sharing my own experiences of working alongside governments and the United Nations '' .
Lord Hague , who worked with Jolie-Pitt on hosting a four-day summit on ending sexual violence in war in London two years ago , said he was `` delighted '' to be appointed .
There are Donald Trump-shaped cookie cutters , `` Drain the swamp '' sweatshirts , and candles meant to smell like the president elect - a combination of `` all of the classiest smells , '' according to the product 's description . Keep searching among the Trump-inspired flasks , paperweights and peppermints , and you 'll find coffee mugs that say `` Build that wall '' and a penny stamped with `` Trump '' selling for $ 2.75 .
Online shops , street vendors and high-end boutiques around town are preparing for Friday 's inauguration with equal parts sincerity and snark as they try to cash in on fans and foes of the next president .
At Chocolate Mooose , a novelty gift shop a half-mile from the White House , shelves are lined with Donald Trump whoopee cushions and chocolate replicas of the US Capitol . The Donald Trump mask , a Halloween favorite , is back in stock .
`` Up to now , absolutely , it 's been all about the gag stuff , '' said Michele Cosby , the store 's owner .
The best-selling item so far ? Toilet paper emblazoned with Trump 's face . `` We sold cases upon cases of it , '' Cosby said . `` And at $ 12 a roll , it was n't cheap . '' ( But , she added , she has since stopped selling the popular item : `` Now that he 's our president-elect , we did n't want to cross the line . '' )
At the Great Republic , which has inauguration pop-up shops at the St. Regis and Mandarin Oriental hotels , revelers can pick up pens made of wood from the White House and hand-painted with portraits of the president-elect for $ 1,950 each .
Over in Georgetown , local jeweler Ann Hand has sold nearly 1,000 inaugural pins bearing Donald Trump 's name and a slew of pavé stones . She is also selling inaugural cuff links , charm bracelets and a limited number of mother-of-pearl pins with Swarovsky crystals for $ 250 .
`` We were astounded by the reaction that we got , '' Hand said . `` All these inaugurals seem to take on a life of their own - there are those who love their candidate and those who do n't . ''
Jim Warlick , owner of White House Gifts , says he spent months buying $ 100,000 worth of items for the inauguration . There was just one problem : He had projected the wrong winner .
You might do a double take when you see this particular robot - and if you did you would not be alone .
Visitors to a recent exhibition in China were greeted by Jia Jia , a humanoid robot who is not only scarily lifelike , but intelligent and quick-witted too .
The female robot has been called a 'robot goddess ' by her hoards of online fans , and some who met her at a recent exhibition were taken aback by her lifelike appearance .
Jia Jia stood near the entrance of the exhibition hall that hosted this year 's 2016 Summer Davos Forum in Tianjin , in a major port city in North China .
She was dressed in a traditional Chinese outfit , hairstyle , complete with a classic hairpin , and immediately caught the attention of passers-by .
This life-like cyborg is the brain child of engineer Chen Xiaoping and his colleagues at the University of Science and Technology of China .
Her 'brain ' , which is essentially a huge online database , is connected to a cloud computing platform that allows her to enhance her ability to process emotions and speech as new data is uploaded .
Jia Jia can hold conversations with those who ask her questions and respond in less than a second .
Reports said she is also able to make micro-expressions and recognise the facial expressions of others .
She is thought to be one of a kind in China , although in the past few years there have been other similar 'smart ' bots made by engineers .
According to reports , the Chinese are taking a great interest in robotic technologies , with China accounting for more than 25 percent of global industrial robot sales in 2015 - 62,000 of 248,000 units sold worldwide last year .
The Summer Davos Forum was established in 2007 and alternates between the cities of Tianjin and Dalian - in north-eastern China 's Liaoning Province .
The robot was first unveiled earlier this year .
During the unveiling in April , Xiaoping said hello to his robot goddess , which immediately responded , 'Yes my lord , what can I do for you ? '
'Hello everyone , I 'm Jia Jia . Welcome ! ' the robot said as it greeted the audience at the university 's multi-media center in May , reported Xinhuanet .
'Do n't come too close to me when you are taking a picture . It will make my face look fat , ' Jia Jia said .
This group of researchers were also the masterminds behind the service robot 'Kejia ' that took home first place at the RoboCup championship in 2014 .
Kejia reached a historical mark 8,555 points by showing off its skills of neatly lining up drinks .
But Xiaoping 's robot goddess does n't seem like it will be used in any competitions .
'We hope to develop the robot so it has deep learning abilities . We will add facial expression recognition and make it interact more deeply with people , ' Xiaoping explained .
He also revealed that Jia Jia was 'priceless ' and the team would not consider mass production , yet .
Healthy , convenient and increasingly popular over the past few years , sushi has become as common a cuisine in the UK as Indian or Chinese .
It ’ s a staple lunch-choice for city-workers all over the country and you ’ re never far from a restaurant or supermarket selling the traditional Japanese delicacy .
But it turns out sushi may not be as wholesome a choice as we previously thought – leading biologists have warned that it is in fact harming both the environment and our health .
The UK sushi market is worth £69m a year , but because we ’ re eating so much of it , tuna supplies in the oceans are dwindling .
According to Professor Daniel Pauly and Dr Dirk Zeller , the leaders of the Sea Around Us project at the University of British Columbia , bluefin and yellowfin tuna populations have reached “ crisis ” levels .
Bluefin tuna tends to be served in high-end , luxury sushi restaurants , whereas yellowfin is more common in high-street sushi bars and supermarkets .
Increasing global demand means sushi populations are being overfished . Most of the UK ’ s sushi comes from the Indian Ocean , but according to Professor Pauly we now only have 2-3 percent of what we had 200 years ago .
“ We are in permanent crisis if you look at it in historic terms , ” he warned .
Professor Pauly and Dr Zeller believe it is our love of healthy tuna that ’ s causing the problems in our oceans .
The fish is popular not just for its taste but for its health benefits – it is rich in omega-3 fatty acids , which aid heart health .
But whilst sushi has a reputation for being low in calories and high in nutrients , we may have overestimated its health value .
In advance of a lecture at the Zoological Society of London lately , Professor Pauly revealed he believes most high-street restaurants serve sushi that contains plastic microbeads , the controversial tiny particles often found in face-scrubs and beauty products .
“ Microbeads are poison pills which soak up all the pollutants and they are consumed by little fish which are then eaten by tuna , ” Professor Pauly explained .
What ’ s more , according to Dr Zeller , sushi often contains high levels of mercury and polychlorinated biphenyls , which are chlorine compounds found in waterways that have been linked to causing cancer .
So what should we eat instead ? Dr Zeller and Professor Pauly are urging the public to step away from sushi and eat more fish like anchovies and sardines – less glamorous , but potentially better for your health and the environment .
The DC-10 left Chicago O'Hare on the Friday afternoon of Memorial Day weekend only for its left engine to detach from its wing and fall off , rolling the plane in the air and sending it crashing to earth just a mile from the runway .
The plane `` burst into a pillar of flame and smoke that could be seen up to eight miles away , '' the Chicago Tribune reported at the time . All 271 people on board and two on the ground were killed in what remains America 's worst aviation disaster .
The crash was found to be the result of a shortcut taken by removing the plane 's engines for maintenance , cracking an aluminium component which held the engine to the wing .
The official report into the military aircraft that crashed in the Sirach Mountains near Kerman in Iran found that bad weather , including high winds and fog , brought the plane down , killing all on board , all members of the Revolutionary Guards . The Aviation Safety Network classifies the crash as a Controlled Flight into Terrain .
In 1988 , Iran Air Flight 655 from Tehran to Dubai was gunned down by the United States Navy guided missile cruiser USS Vincennes as the Iran – Iraq war drew to a close .
All 290 on board – among them 66 children and 16 crew members , died . The Iranian government said that it was an intentionally performed and unlawful act .
A similar incident took place over eastern Ukraine when a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777-200 flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur was shot down near the Russian border .
All 298 on board died when the plane crashed into a field near Torez .
Pro-Russian rebels are widely accused of shooting the plane down using a surface-to-air missile - they deny responsibility .
The death of all 301 passengers on board the Lockheed L-1011 on the runway at Riyadh is the world 's deadliest aviation accident not to involve a crash or mid-flight break up . The flight took off from the Saudi capital airport en route to Jeddah , only to return to Riyadh minutes later for an emergency landing after a fire started in the cargo department .
However , when the plane landed , instead of initiating an emergency evacuation , the pilot taxied the aircraft back towards the airport , stopping on the runway for nearly three minutes . It then took some 23 minutes to access the aircraft once the engines were stopped .
By the time the doors were opened all on board had died from smoke inhalation . The source of the fire is believed to have been two butane stoves in the cargo .
Deemed the deadliest terror attack involving a plane at the time , the Air India Boeing 747 crashed off the coast of Ireland en route from Toronto to Sahar International in India , after a bomb placed in the cargo hold by Sikh extremists Babbar Khalsa exploded over the Atlantic .
A design flaw on the Douglas DC-10 led an aircraft carrying 335 passengers and 11 crew to crash in the Ermenonville Forest north of Paris , after taking off from Orly Airport bound for London Heathrow , en route from Istanbul .
Around 10 minutes after the plane took off from Orly , the rear left cargo door blew off owing to a problem with how the hatches latched shut , causing an explosive decompression in the cabin and severing cables linking the flight deck with the aircraft 's elevators , rudder and two engines .
The aircraft pitched sharply nose-down and began picking up speed as the pilots lost control , before it crashed into trees travelling at around 490mph . In the wake of the accident , the locking mechanism on the cargo doors was redesigned .
The world 's deadliest mid-air crash involved Saudia Flight 763 and Kazakhstan Airlines Flight 1907 over the city of Charkhi Dadri in northern India .
The Saudia-operated Boeing 747 was bound for Dhahran from Delhi while the Kazakhstan Airlines Ilyushin II-76 was bound for Indira airport from Shymkent when they collided , killing 312 people on board the former and 37 on the latter .
The crash occurred after the Ilyushin aircraft was cleared to descend to 15,000 feet , but then descended past that level to 14,500 feet while the 747 was ascending in the opposite direction . By the time the air traffic controller could warn of the proximity between the two aircraft it was too late .
The largest single aircraft accident in history was the crash of a Boeing 747 into Mount Takamagahara in central Japan . Just four survived when the aircraft spiralled out of control , its wing clipping a mountain ridge , before flipping and landing on its back , following an explosive decompression towards the rear of the plane , the result of a faulty repair job seven years earlier .
A month after the crash a Japan Airlines maintenance official committed suicide , leaving a note , `` I am atoning with my death '' .
On March 27 , 1977 , two Boeing 747 passenger jets collided on the foggy runway at Los Rodeos Airport , on the Spanish island of Tenerife , Canary Islands . The crash killed 583 people , making it the deadliest accident in aviation history .
Neither of the two aircraft were supposed to be at Los Rodeos , both having been diverted away from Las Palmas on the nearby island of Gran Canaria , after it transpired that Canary Island separatists planted a bomb in the airport flower shop .
The collision occurred when a KLM aircraft attempted to take-off without clearance while a Pan Am aircraft was still taxiing along the same runway , having missed its turning to leave .
Universities in the UK are leading the way in maths , English , history and art , according to annual rankings .
Following analysis of subject strength at world institutions , major global league tables have revealed that UK universities provide the best courses in eight of the 42 subjects analysed .
Four universities feature in the top placed rankings , including the University of Oxford , which leads in four subjects , and the University of Cambridge , which leads three .
The Royal College of Art , which was given a major boost last week by George Osborne , the Chancellor , with £54 million in funding for its new campus in Battersea , is ranked as the world ’ s best university for art and design , while the Institute of Education University College London retains its status as world-leading for education .
However , the rankings were dominated by US universities , with Harvard and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) topping the tables in 24 subjects between them .
Published by Quacquarelli Symonds ( QS ) , researchers garnered the opinions of 76,798 academics and 44,426 employers to inform the results , alongside the analysis of 28.5 million research papers .
Results of the research saw UK universities secure eight first place rankings , 16 second-place rankings and 21 third-place rankings , with increases in both academic and employer reputation .
Commenting on the rankings , Ben Sowter , head of the QS Intelligence Unit , said : `` Though the US and UK remain dominant , our most inclusive rankings ever show that excellence can be found in an ever-increasing number of places .
`` Nations like Austria , South Africa , Finland , Brazil , China , and Sweden can be found in the top ten of our tables . Our new top 100 for performing arts acknowledges academic excellence in 27 different countries and regions , while our top 100 for mineral engineering recognises 26 countries and regions . ”
Top world universities by subject
1 . Accounting and Finance : Harvard , US
2 . Agriculture and Forestry : Wageningen University , Netherlands
3 . Anthropology : Harvard , US
4 . Archaeology : University of Cambridge , UK
5 . Architecture/Built Environment : Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) , US
6 . Art and Design : Royal College of Art , UK
7 . Biological Sciences : Harvard , US
8. Business and Management : Harvard , US
9 . Chemistry : MIT , US
10 . Communication and Media Studies : University of Southern California , US
11 . Computer Science : MIT , US
12 . Dentistry : University of Hong Kong , Hong Kong
13 . Development Studies : Harvard , US
14 . Earth and Marine Sciences : ETH Zurich , Switzerland
15 . Economics and Econometrics : MIT , US
16 . Education : UCL Institute of Education , UK
17 . Engineering – Chemical : MIT , US
18 . Engineering – Civil and Structural : MIT , US
19 . Engineering – Electrical & amp ; Electronic : MIT , US
20 . Engineering – Mechanical : MIT , US
21 . Engineering – Mining and Mineral : Colorado School of Mines , US
22 . English Language and Literature : University of Oxford , UK
23 . Environmental Sciences : University of California , Berkeley , US
24 . Geography : University of Oxford , UK
25 . History : Universities of Oxford & amp ; Cambridge , UK
26 . Law : Harvard , US
27 . Linguistics : MIT , US
28 . Materials Science : MIT , US
29 . Mathematics : University of Cambridge , UK
30 . Medicine : Harvard , US
31 . Modern Languages : University of Oxford , UK
32 . Nursing : University of Pennsylvania , US
33 . Performing Arts : Juilliard , US
34 . Pharmacy and Pharmacology : Harvard , US
35 . Philosophy : University of Pittsburgh , US
36 . Physics and Astronomy : MIT , US
37 . Politics and International Studies : Harvard , US
38 . Psychology : Harvard , US
39 . Social Policy and Administration : Harvard , US
40 . Sociology : Harvard , US
41 . Statistics and Operational Research : MIT , US
42 . Veterinary Science : University of California , Davis , US
A cat who prefers to stand up on two paws has become the latest feline internet sensation , thanks to his super strong back legs .
George , the Munchkin-Exotic Short Hair cross , perches on his hind legs when he is introduced to someone new , or ca n't see the TV .
When his owner Andrew Park posted a series of pictures on his George2Legs Facebook and Instagram accounts , commenters went crazy for the cute cat and now George has a growing fan base of thousands .
Andrew , 28 , his wife Koa , 32 , and their two children Andyn , three , and Rhyan Patterson , 15 , brought George back to their home in Austin , Texas , last August aged just six weeks .
And within a matter of weeks he began happily perching on his back legs - but none of the family know how or why he developed the unusual habit .
The family also have two pugs , Apples and Banana , but George quickly proved he was the king of the castle in the house early on and now the pugs follow him around .
'He has really short front legs - I think it 's a genetic mutation linked to the breed - so maybe it 's easier to stand up than it is to crawl up somewhere , ' Andrew , who works in marketing , said .
'If there 's a noise in the other room , he always does it .
In a bid to share the joy that George brings them , Andrew and Koa posted a few of his pictures on Facebook and were overwhelmed by the response .
Andrew added : 'He brings us so much joy and happiness that we thought we should share that with other people . '
But despite his disgruntled face , George is the friendliest cat the family have ever met .
'When people come round they are just infatuated with him .
'He wakes me up every morning by crawling on my chest and miaow-ing in my face .
'We wish we had taken photos of him sooner . '
One Direction members have broken the band 's silence over rumours about their future , vowing : `` We are not splitting up . '' Niall Horan and Louis Tomlinson told fans on Twitter the four-piece would just be taking a `` break '' . It came after a report in The Sun that the pop stars are set to go their separate ways in March .
Here are the previous reports :
One Direction are to split in March 2016 for at least a year as they pursue solo projects . They will not be touring their fifth album , which is to be released at Christmas .
It comes five months after Zayn Malik quit the band amid rumors he wanted a solo career . Niall Horan , Harry Styles , Liam Payne and Louis Tomlinson held crunch talks to decide whether to disband .
A source told the Sun : “ They fully deserve to have at least a year to work on their own projects . There is absolutely no bad blood between them and they are all 100 per cent behind the decision . It is definitely not a split and they fully intend to get back together at some time in the future . But for now it is the end and they go out on top as the world ’ s most popular music act. ” The source also said that Zayn 's departure from the band was not part of the decision to disband .
Their final show will be at the Motorpoint Arena in Sheffield on October 31 . The four-piece are said to be worth around £25 million each after topping the charts worldwide since emerging in the 2010 series of X Factor .
A spokesman for the band said : `` We do n't comment on speculation . '' The band have sold more than 50 million records .
There is `` a lot of interest '' in Styles from Hollywood , Tomlinson is `` very much in contention to be a judge on X Factor '' next year and all of them are now faced with `` a massive amount of options '' , according to the source .
It seems that Payne may want to fine-tune his songwriting , producing and DJ skills rather than a solo career , according to the report .
The bookmaker Coral has reacted to the news that One Direction will break up in March by offering odds of 1-3 that the group returns by the end of 2017 , while they are 9-4 not to get back together again .
`` Although the band may be going a different direction for the short-term future , we make them odds-on to return as a group by the end of 2017 , '' said Coral 's John Hill . `` The betting also suggests they could have success as solo artists as we are odds-on for any member of the group to have a UK number solo single by the end of 2016 , '' added Hill .
About 13 million pages of declassified documents from the US Central Intelligence Agency ( CIA ) have been released online .
The move came after lengthy efforts from freedom of information advocates and a lawsuit against the CIA .
The agency published the roughly 930,000 documents that make up the CIA Records Search Tool ( Crest ) on Tuesday .
While much of the information has been technically publicly available since the mid-1990s , it has been very difficult to access .
The records were only available on four physical computers located in the back of a library at the National Archives in Maryland , between 09:00 and 16:30 each day .
`` Previously , in order to directly access Crest , a researcher was required to visit the National Archives at College Park , Maryland , '' according to the program 's webpage . `` CIA recognized that such visits were inconvenient and presented an obstacle to many researchers . ''
The Crest database features a wide range of different files , including former secretary of state Henry Kissinger 's papers , and documents on Nazi war crimes . The collection also has files on UFOs , recipes for invisible ink and reports on research into telepathy .
This research included the Stargate Project , an initiative to investigate the possibilities of telepathy for intelligence use . A 1995 review of the research concluded it was `` unclear whether the existence of a paranormal phenomenon , remote viewing , has been demonstrated '' .
The CIA also kept files and documents on media organizations and individual reporters . A letter attached to a photocopy of a Mother Jones article from 1978 describes the newsmagazine as a `` locally-produced scandal sheet published by a dissident group '' . The author and the recipient of the letter have been redacted from the files .
An internal CIA letter notes the appointment of Carl Bernstein , one of the reporters who exposed the Watergate scandal , as the Washington program manager for ABC . The sender of the letter notes his desire to `` find out what kind of person he is '' . Crest includes dozens of documents related to Bob Woodward , the other half of the team that reported on Watergate , and a brief 1985 note expresses concern about Woodward 's future reporting : `` I learned from CIA source that Washington Post 's Watergate reporter , has cast evil eye on CIA chief Bill Casey , '' the note reads . `` Woodward is questioning everyone who ever knew Casey . ''
Woodward published a book about Casey 's time as director of central intelligence in 1987 .
The Castro document includes a partial transcript of a 1977 transcript between Barbara Walters and Fidel Castro in which she asked Castro whether he had `` proof '' of the CIA 's last attempt to assassinate him . The transcript was sent to Adm. Stansfield Turner , the CIA director at the time , by a public affairs official at the agency with a note highlighting all references to CIA .
A non-profit freedom of information group , MuckRock , sued the CIA to force it to upload the collection , in a process which took more than two years .
In November , the CIA announced it would publish the material , and the entire declassified CREST archive is now available on the CIA Library website .
Facing a dearth of musicians willing to align themselves with him , President-elect Donald Trump seems to have made the move many expected and tried to style out not having a big performance at his inauguration and make it seem intentional .
Mr Trump originally wanted Elton John for the gig , but he was very much unwilling , and this week there 's been rumours that Andrea Bocelli would perform at the 20 January event .
Now , Chairman of the Presidential Inaugural Committee Tom Barrack has said Mr Trump 's inauguration is `` not about that kind of entertainment . ''
Not wanting big names is a little out of character for a man who has a history of tweeting about showbiz news and break-ups and has recently been preparing to be president by meeting Kanye West .
`` Does he need the celebrities and want the celebrities ? Of course , '' Barrack admitted , `` but they 're all going to weigh in when they find the judiciousness of the man ( once he 's in office ) . ''
Asked what celebrations the inauguration would involve , Barrack only mentioned balls and dinners .
As for Bocelli , he claimed the singer offered to perform at the event ( he is indebted to Mr Trump , who once lent him a plane ) , but Mr Trump apparently said : `` 'You do n't need to . We 're not in that kind of a framework . Thanks very much for the offer . You 're my friend . You are always welcome at the White House . ''
Minor performance of The National Anthem from a little-known America 's Got Talent contestant not withstanding , it looks as though this framework will hold up a more low-key affair than Obama 's inauguration - which featured a performance from Beyoncé - though it is very possible that this framework was forced on Mr Trump rather than designed by him .
Jonathan Demme , the Oscar-winning director of The Silence of the Lambs , has died in New York at the age of 73 .
Born in 1944 , Demme 's other features included Philadelphia , Something Wild and the Talking Heads documentary Stop Making Sense .
Tom Hanks , who won an Oscar for his performance in Philadelphia , told the Press Association Demme was `` the grandest of men '' .
He said : `` Jonathan taught us how big a heart a person can have , and how it will guide how we live and what we do for a living . ''
In recent years he worked with Anne Hathaway on Rachel Getting Married and directed Meryl Streep in both Ricki and the Flash and his 2004 remake of The Manchurian Candidate .
His most recent film , Justin Timberlake + the Tennessee Kids , showed Timberlake in concert in 2015 .
Fellow film-maker Barry Jenkins , who directed the Oscar-winning Moonlight , wrote : `` Met tons through the Moonlight run but my man Demme was the kindest , most generous . A MASSIVE soul . He lived in love . And rests in peace . ''
Author Stephen King tweeted : `` Deeply sad to hear my friend , neighbor , and colleague Jonathan Demme has passed on . He was one of the real good guys . I miss you , buddy . ''
In a statement , the director 's publicist said : `` Sadly , I can confirm that Jonathan passed away early this morning in his Manhattan apartment , surrounded by his wife , Joanne Howard , and three children .
`` He died from complications from oesophageal cancer and is survived by his children Ramona , age 29 , and her husband James Molloy , Brooklyn , age 26 , and Jos , age 21 .
`` There will be a private family funeral . Any possible further plans will be announce later .
`` In lieu of flowers , the family has asked that donations be made to Americans For Immigrant Justice in Miami , FL [ Florida ] . ''
A footnote in the life of eccentric billionaire Howard Hughes formed the basis for this early success .
It riffs on the much-disputed relationship between Hughes and Melvin Dummar , a service station owner from Utah who claimed to be one of Hughes 's beneficiaries after his 1976 death .
It 's a quirky story that enabled Demme to muse on the pitfalls of instant celebrity and the way a sudden windfall makes everyone your friend .
Mary Steenburgen won an Oscar for playing Melvin 's first wife , while Bo Goldman was also rewarded by the Academy for his screenplay .
Few directors have captured the electricity and excitement of live performance better than Jonathan Demme .
For proof , one need look no further than this film of Talking Heads in concert , shot over three nights in 1983 .
Featuring such hits as Psycho Killer , Burning Down the House and Once in a Lifetime , it 's a perfect marriage of music , cinema and humour .
The latter is provided by David Byrne 's suit , which gets progressively larger , and absurder , as the film goes on .
Another live performance we can enjoy again and again thanks to Demme comes in this vivid record of one of Spalding Gray 's acclaimed stage monologues .
Focusing on the sometime actor 's involvement in 1984 film The Killing Fields , it 's a piece that addresses , both comically and poetically , America 's own involvement in south-east Asian affairs .
Laurie Anderson 's score combines with Gray 's hypnotising skills as a storyteller to make a riveting hybrid .
Demme was n't the first film-maker to bring Hannibal Lecter to the screen . That honour belonged to Michael Mann and his 1986 thriller Manhunter .
Lambs , though , was the one the Academy recognised , awarding it all of the `` big five '' Oscars - best picture , actor , actress , director and screenplay .
The film - and Sir Anthony Hopkins ' Lecter - still have the power to chill the blood with its grisly autopsy scenes and Grand Guignol atmosphere .
Two years on from Lambs ' Oscar sweep , Tom Hanks won another Oscar for his role as a lawyer with HIV fighting workplace discrimination .
The film did much to remove the stigma associated with Aids at the time , not least by earning more than $ 200m at the worldwide box office .
`` We wanted to reach people who do n't know people with Aids , who look down on people with Aids , '' Demme told Rolling Stone in 1994 .
`` We were calculated about it . We set out to make a movie dealing with Aids discrimination , and there it is . ''
No doubt the Rio Olympics got a bad reputation for being disorganized before the games had even started , but not a lot of words have been spent on the amiable volunteers of Rio . I ’ ll be leaving Rio on August 13 , leaving the city where I learned and experienced so much . In these two short weeks , I ’ ve run into a lot of random problems I didn ’ t even know could become problems . So much media attention has been devoted to revealing them that I ’ m not even going to bother retelling stories of bad traffic , illogical rules , and no food .
What I ’ ve really noticed that ’ s worth discussing is that the volunteers here are so friendly . Something you expect to happen might not work out , but they will cheerfully offer you suggestions . The vast majority of volunteers I ’ ve met were so eager to help and just happy to chat , even if it ’ s in broken English . I remember one fencing event I watched was on a rainy night and volunteers were nowhere to be found in the Olympic Park . After scouting around , eyes scanning the raincoats and umbrellas around me , I finally spotted a lady in a yellow volunteer jacket . I ran over .
“ Sorry , do you know where this arena is ? ” I asked and showed her my ticket . “ Oh it ’ s behind this stadium . You go there and turn left and it ’ s over there , ” she said , pointing out the directions . I squinted in confusion . “ Here , I ’ ll walk you over , ” she said with a laugh . Yes , my savior ! I thought . I thanked her and we started talking . Her name is Desiree Alves and she ’ s from Florida . She ’ s been working by the entrance bars for four days from 4PM to midnight and this was her first day off . Wow , I thought , she finally gets time away from directing people around and she ’ s still happy to walk me ? I couldn ’ t help but smile .
“ I heard that only a small number of the volunteers who signed up actually came , ” I said to her , “ Is that true ? ” “ I don ’ t know , but they only gave us our schedule one month in advance , ” she shrugged , “ A lot of people had problems coming here with their flights . I almost couldn ’ t come , so I wouldn ’ t be surprised if that was true . ”
After standing by the entrance bars every day until midnight , I thought she must be sick of it all . “ I love what I ’ m doing here , ” she said to my surprise , “ It ’ s been tiring , but I ’ m having a good time . The people are the best part. ” You have to have some real zest and tolerance to say that . I ’ m happy she ’ s enjoying her time here . But I wondered about the disorder everyone ’ s been talking about . That can ’ t make the job fun , right ? “ I think it ’ s getting better and more organized compared to the beginning , ” she said , “ If you had asked me where the tennis arena was earlier , I wouldn ’ t have known . I only found out yesterday from other people . ”
As we parted , I breathe a small , happy sigh of relief . And it ’ s not because she thinks the organizing is improving . It ’ s because I realized at the Rio Olympics , I can meet people like her , so willing to help and fun to talk to . I walked toward the fencing arena ’ s ticket scan . “ Fencing ? ” the lady there asked before I even get to her and I nod , “ OK , then you ’ re in the right place . We ’ ve been getting a lot of basketball people , but basketball is not here ! ”
She laughed at her own words and let me in . “ Have fun ! ” she shouted behind me . “ Thanks ! ” I shouted back and smiled . At the end of the day , you shouldn ’ t forget the bright side . It ’ s hard to deny that the Rio Olympics are not very orderly , but it ’ s also hard to deny the people ’ s affability . Without the friendly volunteers and welcoming Brazilians , things could be much worse . While Rio ’ s missteps often stick out in your memory , don ’ t forget all the times you talked to smiling volunteers who wanted to help you the best they could . Don ’ t forget the hospitality of South Americans . When my plane takes off back to Shanghai and I see the lights of Rio de Janeiro blinking , I know it ’ s the people I met at Rio that I ’ m really going to miss .
The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do n't represent views of China Daily website .
In the end , it disappeared almost as quickly as it had appeared .
A giant sinkhole which swallowed a chunk of road the length of a city block in the southwestern Japanese city of Fukuoka has been filled mere days after it appeared , a testament to Japanese engineering and efficiency .
After the sinkhole appeared on November 8 , subcontractors worked around the clock to fill in the 30 meter wide , 15 meter deep hole by the 12th with a mixture of sand and cement .
The job was complicated by the water which had seeped in from sewage pipes destroyed by collapsing sections of road .
After that it only took another 48 hours to reinstall all utilities -- electricity , water , sewage , gas and telecommunication lines -- and to resurface the road . There were no reports of injuries .
The gigantic sinkhole opened suddenly last week in Hakata ward in Fukuoka 's business district , swallowing huge sections of road near underground work to extend a subway tunnel .
City officials were working nearby to extend the subway from a nearby station to the city center along a 1.4-kilometer route .
Motohisa Oda , a crisis management officer from the city of Fukuoka , told CNN that the underground construction work may have triggered the collapse .
The gaping hole - which started off as two smaller ones before merging into the larger cavity - appeared 300 meters from the JR Hakata station , one of the city 's main transport hubs .
The mayor of Fukuoka , Soichiro Takashima , said the affected ground had been strengthened by a factor of 30 because of the sand and cement refill .
Previously comprised largely of sand , the soil 's composition was suspected to be a part of the cause for the huge hole , according to local civil engineering experts .
Here in the UK , we ’ re pretty sure that if part of a city collapsed in a similar way there would still be heads being scratched , investigations being carried out , and arguments over what kind of tarmac to use for the repair job .
It would be a totally different story over here with quotes like ‘ it ’ s too early to say who ’ s responsible ’ , and ‘ it was a multi-agency cluster-f*** but nobody will be apologising , taking responsibility or losing their job over it ’ .
In comparison to the speedy repair works in Japan , commuters in Manchester were forced to wait ten months for similar repairs on one of the city 's main roads .
Can they come and look at Oxford too ? All the main roads have been dug up for years now .
I had a pothole in front of my house , it took three emails , one phone call and the fact someone fell in it for the council to come out around five weeks later , it was only 30cm wide !
Send our folks there for training .
Job interviews are an unpleasant chore that we all need to go through to get the role of our dreams . It 's easy enough to talk about why you want the job and why you 're the best person to do it .
But there is one question that everyone dreads and is most likely to trip us all up : What 's your biggest weakness ?
A job-hunter known as humansof took to Reddit to pose the horrible question to see how other people had answered and was soon inundated with responses .
Among the 1,600 comments were people 's own solutions to a question that requires an example that makes you look confident but not arrogant as well as honest , but not too honest that they do n't want to hire you .
MsLT answered the question , saying : `` What about something like 'I have trouble delegating tasks sometimes . 'I like to do things myself to ensure they 're done to my personal standards , but it is something I 'm working on . ''
Another user , Bumpkinsworth , said : 'My wife gave me a good one that kind of compiles all of this ( imo ) :
`` I take failure a bit too hard sometimes . Expanding on that , you can elaborate as to how that pushes you to work harder so that you wo n't make the same mistake twice . Seemed to work well for my last interview . ''
If you want to add a little humour to your interview , which can ultimately be risky , try following jumper34017 's advice .
They say : 'Remain silent , and pull an index card out of your pocket that says `` I over-prepare '' . ' Skeetball agreed and replied saying : 'Making the interviewer laugh probably doubles your chances of being hired . '
Another Redditer also used humour to win over the interviewers , saying : 'I had one laugh with the response , `` my biggest weakness is not fully knowing my weaknesses all the time '' .
'They chuckled , a few days later I was offered the job . '
Sefromans replied to the thread with some useful advice : 'Saying something behavioral based like `` I do n't work well with people '' or `` I 'm soft spoken '' is like shooting yourself .
'Give a skills based `` weakness '' that you can take action to improve upon in the near future .
'Something like `` I 'm not too familiar with excel at the moment , but I 'm planning on taking classes this coming month '' . Make sure you provide a remedy to the weakness . '
TheNoveltyAccountant recounted a story about a man that was far too honest in his answer : 'I had a man answer with `` women '' then proceed to tell me he got caught cheating by his wife . 'That was not the right answer . '
Another response never to use comes from DameNisplay : 'Job interviews . I suck at them . '
Showing off a little humour might not always be a bad thing but being rude to the interviewer is definitely a big no-no .
CommonCentral took to Reddit to say : 'My biggest weakness is that I have too many strengths . 'My biggest strength is how humble I am . '
MM_OSHAUGHNESSY said : 'I 've always replied with 'I have a hard time choosing between two good decisions . '
'This usually sets them up to ask how you combat this , in which I reply with something along the lines of how I weigh the pros/cons of each choice and then choose the option with the most pros and longer-term benefits . '
xoxsarebear shared her clever way around the trick question , advising people to say : 'I 'm overly critical of my work . '
This , she says , 'gives off the impression you 're a hard worker , does n't affect anyone else or your ability to do the job , and makes it seem like you actually care about what you do . '
If you ever feel vaguely guilty about the vast amounts of television you watch , might I suggest you cling to the findings of this study , published last week in Psychology of Aesthetics , Creativity , and the Arts . In it , the authors claim that watching high-quality television dramas — things like Mad Men or The West Wing — can increase your emotional intelligence . That is , watching good TV makes you more empathetic .
In the paper , the authors describe two experiments that led them to their pro-TV conclusion . In one , they asked about 100 people to first watch either a television drama ( Mad Men or The West Wing ) or a nonfiction program ( How the Universe Works or Shark Week : Jaws Strikes Back ) . Afterward , all of the participants took a test psychologists often use to measure emotional intelligence : They 're shown 36 pairs of eyes and are told to judge the emotion each pair is displaying . The results showed that the people who 'd watched the fictionalized shows did better on this test than those who watched the nonfiction ones .
They tried this again , only switching up the programs ( The Good Wife and Lost versus Nova and Through the Wormhole ) and adding a control group , too : people who took the eye-reading test without watching any television first . Again , their results showed that the fiction viewers ' empathy scores were superior , though the nonfiction viewers ' scored higher on average than those who had n't watched anything beforehand .
It 's a similar finding to a widely reported 2013 study that claimed that reading literary fiction is linked to better scores on this empathy-measuring test . The authors of that study and this new one argue that a complex fictional narrative forces the reader or viewer to consider a problem from multiple perspectives ; further , since not every character 's emotion is explicitly spelled out , the audience must do some mental work to fill in those gaps , making a guess at the inner lives of the character .
That literary fiction study , however , was also widely critiqued for its methods . Specifically , the fiction the researchers chose for their study was by authors like Louise Erdrich or Anton Chekhov ; the nonfiction , on the other hand , was one of three Smithsonian articles , with titles like `` How the Potato Changed the World . '' I mention this not to speak ill of delicious tubers ( I would never do that ) , but to point out that the nonfiction samples they chose were n't about people . No wonder the study subjects were better at reading human emotions when they 'd just spent some time reading about human emotions . And this new study falls short in a similar manner : Is it really that surprising that people might be in a more empathetic state of mind after trying to figure out what is going on in Don Draper 's head than they would be after watching a Shark Week show ? What does that really tell us ?
Maybe not much , but if you 're looking for an excuse to buckle down with some binge-watching now that the weather 's turned , do what you will with this new research .
According to officials at the newly renovated zoo , which has become a favorite leisure spot in Pyongyang since it re-opened in July , the 19-year-old female chimpanzee , whose name in Korean is `` Dallae , '' smokes about a pack a day . Dallae is short for azalea .
They insist , however , she does n't inhale .
Thrown a lighter by a zoo trainer , the chimpanzee lights her own cigarettes . If a lighter is n't available , she can light up from lit cigarette if one is tossed her way .
Though such a sight would draw outrage in many other locales , it seemed to delight visitors who roared with laughter on Wednesday as the chimpanzee , one of two at the zoo , sat puffing away as her trainer egged her on .
The trainer also prompted her to touch her nose , bow thank you and do a simple dance .
The zoo is pulling in thousands of visitors a day with a slew of attractions ranging from such typical fare as elephants , giraffes , penguins and monkeys to a high-tech natural history museum with displays showing the origins of the solar system and the evolution of life on Earth .
Another of the most popular attractions that might come as a surprise to foreign visitors is the dog pavilion , which has everything from German shepherds to Shih Tsus .
The zoo also has performances featuring other animals trained to do tricks , including a monkey that slam dunks basketballs , dogs trained to appear as though they can do addition on subtraction on an abacus and doves that fly around and land on a woman skating on an indoor stage .
Renovations for the new zoo began in 2014 , as part of DPRK leader Kim Jong Un 's efforts to create more modern and impressive structures and leisure centers around the capital .
The zoo actually dates back to 1959 , when Kim Il Sung , the nation 's first leader and the grandfather of Kim Jong Un , ordered it built on the outskirts of the city .
According to its official history , the zoo started off with only 50 badgers .
Road cleaners in China are being measured by a new and unusual method .
City inspectors have started weighing dirt found on the street , in order to determine how good a job the cleaners are doing .
The exercise started on Wednesday in Xi'an , the capital of the Shaanxi province . Inspectors draw out a random square meter on the street , and sweep up the dust within , placing it on a weighing scale .
Streets which exceed 5 grams of dust per square meter will count as a strike against its cleaner . Three strikes gets the cleaner fired , and their supervisors will face disciplinary action too , reported the state-run People 's Daily .
A 62-year-old cleaner , Wang Guanhai , told China News Service that he 's started having to work overtime in order to meet the cleanliness standards .
He said he works from 4 a.m. to 6 p.m. , and cleans the roads under his charge four to five times daily .
The new rules have drawn criticism from netizens , many of whom say it 's unfair to the cleaners .
Some have pointed out that with the air pollution problem unsolved , it 's a Sisyphean task for cleaners to prevent dust from collecting on streets .
On Thursday afternoon , the air pollution level in Xi'an was 159 - unhealthy on the AQI scale .
One Weibo user said : `` Are you trying to kill the sanitation workers ? The air is full of dust , so they 'll never be able to keep the roads entirely dust-free . ''
`` Do n't you think the dust on the road is because of the dust in the air ? '' said another .
The Ice Bucket Challenge that went viral in 2014 has funded an important scientific gene discovery in the progressive neurodegenerative disease ALS , the ALS Association says .
Scientists have identified a new gene contributing to the disease , NEK1 .
The Ice Bucket Challenge has raised $ 115m from people pouring cold water over themselves and posting the video on social media .
It was criticised as a stunt , but has funded six research projects .
More than 80 researchers in 11 countries searched for ALS risk genes in families affected by the disease .
`` The sophisticated gene analysis that led to this finding was only possible because of the large number of ALS samples available , '' Lucie Bruijn of the ALS Association says .
The identification of gene NEK1 means scientists can now develop a gene therapy treating it .
Although only 10 % of ALS patients have the inherited form , researchers believe that genetics contribute to a much larger percentage of cases .
Social media was awash with videos of people pouring cold water over their heads to raise money for ALS in the summer of 2014 .
More than 17 million people uploaded videos to Facebook , including many celebrities who rose to the challenge , which were then watched by 440 million people worldwide .
What is amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ( ALS ) , also known as motor neurone disease ( MND ) ?
fatal , rapidly progressive disease that affects the brain and spinal cord
attacks nerves that control movement so muscles refuse to work ( sensory nerves are not usually affected )
can leave people locked in a failing body , unable to move , talk and eventually , breathe
affects people from all communities
scientist Stephen Hawking is best-known person with the disease
kills around a third of people within a year of diagnosis and more than half within two years
Chinese President Xi Jinping headed for a traditional British pub on Thursday , during his state visit , indulging in a beer and a portion of traditional fish and chips with Prime Minister David Cameron .
The two world leaders , in suits but tieless , could be seen awkwardly sipping their ales at The Plough , an establishment close to the British prime minister 's residence of Chequers northwest of London .
`` I dropped into The Plough at Cadsden for a pint of IPA and some fish and chips with China 's President Xi , '' Cameron tweeted afterwards , along with a picture of him talking to Xi in which hunting guns could be seen hanging on the bare-brick wall behind them .
The pub 's landlord Steve Hollings told AFP that Cameron and Xi had chatted for around three-quarters of an hour and had been `` extremely friendly '' .
They drank `` traditional English bitter '' and `` traditional English fish and chips '' , he said proudly , adding : `` I was highly delighted '' .
The pub traces its history back to the 16th century when it was a staging post for London coaches .
Its website said the pub `` is often host to some very famous patrons '' and asks visitors to `` remember , they are here for the rest and relaxation too '' .
The atmosphere proved a little too relaxing for Cameron during a previous visit to the pub in 2012 with his wife Samantha when the couple left their eight-year-old daughter behind in the pub .
The prime minister 's office was forced to admit a couple of months after the incident that the Camerons only realised their child was not with them when they got home and picked her up 15 minutes later .
A fresh push for independence has emerged in Scotland after a majority of voters across the United Kingdom approved a British exit , or Brexit , from the European Union , while Scottish voters opposed the departure .
Nicola Sturgeon , the first minister of the Scottish National Party , announced Thursday that she aims to introduce legislation next week that could pave the way for another independence vote before Britain formally leaves the EU .
`` Hear this : if you think for one single second that I 'm not serious about doing what it takes to protect Scotland 's interests , then think again , '' Ms. Sturgeon told a party conference in Glasgow , The Guardian reported .
Ignoring Scotland 's parliamentary voice would be an act of `` constitutional vandalism , '' Sturgeon added , challenging Brexit 's legal basis .
`` There is no rational case for taking the UK out of the single market , and there is no authority for it either , '' she told fellow party members .
In 2014 , a referendum for Scottish independence from the UK failed , garnering only 45 percent of the vote .
During the June Brexit vote , however , Scots showed a clear divide on the issue of continued EU membership : 62 percent voted in favor of remaining in the bloc , versus 47 percent in England , 48 percent in Wales , and 56 percent in Northern Ireland .
The issue has driven a political wedge between London and the leaders in the Scottish capital , Edinburgh , and it may be shifting the nature of Scottish cultural identity , too , as The Christian Science Monitor 's correspondent Peter Geoghegan reported earlier this year :
Just as political events out of London in the 1980s and '90s – including the policies of Margaret Thatcher and the creation of a Scottish parliament – spurred Scots to increasingly identify themselves as Scottish rather than British , so , too , could Brexit strengthen Scotland 's relationship with Europe . As the English and other pro-Brexit groups in Britain push away from the European Union , Scots may increasingly embrace Europeanness as a way of distinguishing themselves from their neighbors to the south .
Laura Cram , a professor of politics at Edinburgh University , told the Monitor that this rise in pro-Europe sentiment could be more about Scots themselves than the benefits they see in maintaining close ties with Brussels .
`` If you feel deprived of something then it matters to you even more , '' she said . `` Not only did you not vote for it , but now someone is taking it away from you . ''
While the latest polls indicate that the Brexit has not significantly boosted public support for Scottish independence , the bill Sturgeon plans to introduce could prove itself useful as a bargaining chip by directly challenging British Prime Minister Theresa May 's hardline Brexit approach . Sturgeon 's spokesman told The Guardian that the bill 's immediate goal is designed to give Scotland a full range of options for optimal leverage in the Brexit deal .
Sturgeon will seek to lead a group of opposition lawmakers , but her critics accuse of her playing partisan politics with serious issues .
`` This is n't the action of a first minister of Scotland but an SNP fundamentalist who puts independence first , last , and always , '' said Ruth Davidson , the Scottish Tory leader , The Guardian reported .
Citing economic challenges , Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale added that another independence referendum is `` the last thing we need . ''
It is the moment Game Of Thrones fans have been patiently waiting six seasons for .
The sensational new trailer released on Wednesday shows the moment Daenerys finally unleashes her dragons on Westeros .
The enthralling 90-second teaser shows all of the main players gearing up for the final battle for the Seven Kingdoms .
The trailer opens with Cersei Lannister ( Lena Headey ) poring over a map of the now surrounded King 's landing .
'Enemies to the east , enemies to the west , enemies to the south , enemies to the north , ' she tells her brother and lover Jaime ( Nikolaj Coster-Waldau ) .
'Whatever stands in our way , we will defeat it . '
'We 're the last Lannisters ... ' she continues , sitting on the Iron Throne , as her impressive-looking house army marches .
' ... the last ones who count , ' she adds , as her estranged brother and now Hand Of The Queen to her enemy Tyrion Lannister ( Peter Dinklage ) watches in awe as Daenerys ' three dragons — Drogon , Viserion and Rhaegal — soar above a cliffside on the Westerosi coast .
In the next scene , her rival for the throne Daenerys Targaryen is seen arriving at the gates to her family 's ancient seat on Dragonstone .
'I was born to rule the Seven Kingdoms , ' she says as she kneels to touch the ground . 'And I will . '
And she seems intent on making good on her promise , as her Unsullied soldiers are next seen spilling into a Lannister castle , slaughtering everyone in their path .
Next the action switches up north , where Jon Snow ( Kit Harington ) stands to chants of `` The King In The North ! ''
Meanwhile Petyr Littlefinger Baelish can be seen whispering in the ear of Sansa Stark ( Sophie Turner ) : 'Your father and brothers are gone , yet here you stand ... last best hope against the coming storm .
In the closing scenes of season six , Jon Snow was indeed revealed to be Sansa 's cousin , rather than the half-brother they both believed ; although neither knew at that point .
In another brief scene , Snow can be seen confronting Baelish and slamming him against a wall .
'If we do n't put aside our enmities and band together , we will die , ' he tells someone unseen . 'And then it does n't matter whose skeleton sits on the Iron Throne . '
As the pulse-pounding trailer climaxes , there 's plenty of intriguing scenarios briefly glimpsed in flashes .
Arya Stark ( Maise Williams ) , last seen assassinating Walder Frey , can be seen alone in a frozen wilderness trying to build a fire .
Another point of view of what appears to be Dragonstone shows Melisandre ( Carice Van Houten ) watching the approach high above the ramparts .
Jon Snow can be seen running full tilt with Tormund Giantsbane close behind , as they flee something unseen in the thick snow .
There 's more violent skirmishes between Lannister soldiers and Unsullied , while a flaming boat - which appears to count Theon Greyjoy ( Alfie Allen ) among its passengers - being boarded by a raiding party .
Two hook-ups are also briefly glimpsed , as the unfortunately castrated Grey Worm ( Jacob Anderson ) removes his shirt before the seemingly naked Missandei ( Nathalie Emmanuel ) .
Meanwhile Yara Greyjoy ( Gemma Whelan ) can be seen kissing Ellaria Sand ( Indira Varma ) .
But the most tantalizing shot comes at the close , as thousands of Daenerys ' mounted soldiers charge across a plain towards battle , as her dragon Drogon prepares to provide air support .
'The great war ... is here , ' Jon Snow can be heard declaring .
The seven-episode seventh season premieres on HBO on July 16 .
A protective dad has devised a creative way to keep the boys away from his young daughter - by printing his muscly torso on a t-shirt and making her wear it .
'Stay Clear Boys , ' a message on the shirt warns . 'This is my dad ! '
And while his daughter does n't look too happy about the new attire , her father is pictured grinning beside her .
The image was first shared on Reddit under the headline 'Dad security ' at the weekend .
Kit Dale , a two-time World Pro Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu champion from Melbourne , Australia , shared the image to his Facebook page on Sunday , writing : 'Hahahha smart dad . '
By Wednesday , the image on his page had been liked by 370,000 Facebook users and had been shared more than 45,000 times .
While some commenters both applauded the move - and even asked whether the girl was in need of a step-mother - others ridiculed it .
'Dads thought process : How can I tell more people I work out , and not look like a fool ? ' one wrote .
Another added : 'How about a shirt that says `` attention boys ... this is my body and I do what I want with it ... neither you nor my dad make any of the rules ... and ps I may not even be into boys . '
Resting at a depth of 13,000ft ( 4,000m ) , the RMS Titanic continues to captivate the public more than a century after it sunk to the bottom of the North Atlantic Ocean . It has now been announced that those still intrigued by the vessel will be able to see it for themselves , by joining diving drips to the shipwreck in 2018 .
Commencing in May next year , London-based tour operator Blue Marble Private will run eight-day journeys that will culminate with an up-close encounter with what is the most fabled vessel of modern times . Open to just nine clients at a time , groups will begin their experience by flying by helicopter or seaplane from St John ’ s , Newfoundland to the expedition support yacht set somewhere above the wreck .
There will be time to adjust to this new environment , with this small group of privileged visitors being taught about the ship ’ s workings on their second day on board by its crew and guest explorers , scientists and expedition crew .
Those who wish to engage more directly with the workings of the ship will have the opportunity to take part in orientation sessions and can “ assist ” the crew in planning a dive , operating the sonar and using the undersea navigation system .
It ’ s on days three to six that the expedition is at its most exciting , however . Should weather conditions allow , that is when up to three passengers at a time will clamber aboard a specially designed titanium and carbon fibre submsersible to see the decaying remains of the Titanic itself .
Accompanied by a pilot and deep ocean expert , they will sail over the ship ’ s deck and should even be able to glimpse its still recognisable grand staircase from amongst the detritus .
Dives will take place throughout the day on night , dependent on when weather conditions are most favourable , and Blue Marble Private ’ s clients will be expected to contribute to the mission ( if even in just a cursory way ) by assisting with sub-sea communications and undertaking basic tasks .
The doomed vessel , which measured more than 880ft long and 100ft tall , went down with the loss of more than 1500 lives on April 15 , 1912 during her maiden voyage from Southampton to New York .
Next summer ’ s trip marks the first time since 2005 that it has been possible for the public to dive to the site of the Titanic , and far fewer people have seen the wreckage than have travelled to space or summited Qomolangma .
The complexity of the trip and the scarcity of places also go some way to explaining its prohibitive price : it costs $ 105,129 ( £86,500 ) per person .
There is a greater significance to that cost than might be immediately apparent , however . Adjusted for inflation , the price is equivalent to the $ 4,350 a first-class passenger would have paid to sail on the Titanic ’ s maiden voyage in 1912 .
Obviously , however , all will hope and expect for these forthcoming expeditions to prove far more successful .
Ghostbusters
This female-led reboot attracted criticism well before the film was even made–with its co-writer Kate Dippold telling The Telegraph that “ They said it was the worst movie ever before I ’ d written a word. ” When the original film came out 32 years ago , it too was poorly received and only became a cult hit over time . As BBC Culture ’ s critic Nicholas Barber argues , “ the fans who insist that the Ghostbusters should be male have misunderstood the classic comedy they claim to revere ” . The characters “ were a different breed of hero…out-of-shape academics in crumpled , slime-smeared jumpsuits ” .
This time around , the academics in jumpsuits are played by Melissa McCarthy , Kristen Wiig , Kate McKinnon and Leslie Jones ; there are cameos from original cast members including Sigourney Weaver , Dan Ackroyd and Bill Murray . Director Paul Feig once again teams up with McCarthy and Wiig after his 2011 hit Bridesmaids , and addressing the backlash , he has said : “ I think the cast is so good , and they can stand in the footsteps of who came before. ” On general release from 12 July .
Café Society
Woody Allen ’ s latest feature opened the 2016 Cannes Film Festival to mixed reviews–but drew praise for its performances . Set in the 1930s , it stars Jesse Eisenberg as a New Yorker who moves to LA and falls for his uncle ’ s secretary ( Kristen Stewart ) . According to BBC Culture ’ s critic Nicholas Barber , “ Stewart has the glow of a bona fide 1930s bombshell while retaining her characteristically sheepish , down-to-earth persona ” , while “ Eisenberg is one of the most natural of Woody proxies ” .
The Times calls him “ an Allen mini-me , an Allen avatar . From his hunched , put-upon shoulders to his nervous , rapid-fire delivery , Eisenberg gives us vintage Woody ” . Despite being criticised for not matching the director ’ s best works , the film was described as “ gentle , whimsical and sumptuously shot ” by The Independent , which claims that “ even if Allen ’ s energy levels may be dipping , he still knows just how to mix the comedy and the pathos. ” Released 14 July in Thailand , 15 July in the US and 21 July in Russia .
Tale of Tales
“ Once upon a time there were three neighbouring kingdoms each with a magnificent castle , from which ruled kings and queens , princes and princesses . One king was a fornicating libertine , another captivated by a strange animal , while one of the queens was obsessed by her wish for a child. ” The billing for Tale of Tales gives a clue as to the timbre of a film populated by “ sorcerers and fairies , fearsome monsters , ogres and old washerwomen , acrobats and courtesans ” –played by a strong ensemble cast that includes Salma Hayek , John C Reilly , Toby Jones and Vincent Cassel .
A loose interpretation of the tales of the Italian poet Giambattista Basile , it ’ s a worthy addition to the recent glut of fairy tale films : BBC Culture ’ s Rebecca Laurence believes it presents a fresh angle . According to The Times , “ The adult fairytale is a freakish , hybrid , disturbing creature , mostly forgotten in these days of Disney sanitisation , but Tale of Tales resurrects the genre with surreal humour and gothic horror. ” Released 3 July in Germany , 6 July in Switzerland and 28 July in New Zealand .
Toni Erdmann
“ Based on a really brilliant script , you have a comedy of manners and of family life at the same time–and then it is brilliantly acted , ” Verena Leuken of the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung told BBC Culture ’ s editor Matthew Anderson at the Cannes Film Festival , where Toni Erdmann was one of the favourites to win the Palme d ’ Or . At its first press screening in Cannes , the film was greeted by critics with laughter and spontaneous applause , and it ’ s since been showered with five-star reviews .
Telling the story of a father ( Peter Simonischek ) who disguises himself as a ‘ life coach ’ to get closer to his daughter ( Sandra Hüller ) , a busy corporate strategist , it ’ s the third feature in 13 years from German writer-director Maren Ade .
Time Out praised it for a “ sly evocation of the absurdities and banalities of modern life ” , while The Telegraph said that “ The film ’ s sweetness and bitterness are held so perfectly in balance , and realised with such sinew-stiffening intensity , that watching it feels like a three-hour sports massage for your heart and soul. ” There is plenty to provoke thoughts among the laughs , too. “ It has some serious things to say about family dynamics , about the pressures that professional women face , and how working too much can hollow us out , ” says Anderson . Released 14 July in Germany , 15 July in Austria and 21 July in Switzerland .
Absolutely Fabulous
One of the first comedies to skewer our current celebrity culture , Absolutely Fabulous emerged as a sketch on the show French & amp ; Saunders before becoming one of the most successful sitcoms of the 1990s . Some have argued it was best left in that decade–and writer and actor Jennifer Saunders , who stars as Edina alongside Joanna Lumley as Patsy , admits the media landscape has changed. “ It is a different beast ” , Saunders told The Independent. “ The idea of PR now is that anyone can do it . Anyone can review a film , anyone can get their stuff online , so it is a very different world . ”
Yet despite that , she believes they have created a story that is relevant today. “ I think the film reflects the fact that Patsy and Eddy don ’ t survive so well in that world because they 're not in control of it anymore. ” The film has more than 60 cameos , including Rebel Wilson , Jon Hamm , Joan Collins , Barry Humphries , and Kate Moss–according to Saunders , the only person to turn down a role was Barack Obama . On general release from 1 July . ( Credit : David Appleby )
The Commune
Thomas Vinterberg ( The Hunt , Far From the Madding Crowd ) co-founded the Dogme 95 film collective with Nymphomaniac director Lars von Trier , a movement he has compared to a commune . Vinterberg spent part of his childhood in a co-operative household , memories of which form the basis for his latest film .
Released 15 July in Sweden , 29 July in the UK and 19 August in Poland .
Star Trek Beyond
The third instalment of another rebooted franchise stars Chris Pine as Captain Kirk and Zachary Quinto as Spock , described by The Telegraph as “ an emotional shape-shifter , the charmer who might also be dangerous–or the implacably stoic half-Vulcan who ’ s somehow an amazing friend ” . Zoe Saldana ( Uhura ) co-stars alongside Anton Yelchin ( Chekov ) , in what was to be his one of his final roles–tributes have been paid to the 27-year-old actor , who died after he was pinned against a wall by his car .
In May , the film ’ s cast mourned the loss of Leonard Nimoy , as Quinto said “ In a way I feel like he ’ s almost more a part of this film than he was of the other two . We were all so cognizant of his absence . ”
On general release from 19 July .
Swiss Army Man
Described as “ the strangest Sundance film ever ” , Swiss Army Man divided critics when it premiered at the film festival in January . Paul Dano ( Love & amp ; Mercy ) plays a man stranded on a desert island ; Daniel Radcliffe ( The Woman in Black , Harry Potter ) is a farting corpse who washes up on shore . The two become friends in what is billed as “ a gonzo buddy comedy ” , an improbable story that is “ proudly scatological ” , according to Slate .
“ The tale of a marooned castaway and the friendly cadaver who nurses him back to health , Swiss Army Man opens as a desert-island fantasy and morphs into a disturbingly intimate buddy movie–hilarious , deranged , and always alive with possibility. ” It ’ s the feature film debut of music video directors Daniel Scheinert and Daniel Kwan , who manage to “ create something improbably beautiful out of what could have been a feature-length fart joke ” . Released 1 July in the US , 14 July in Australia and 22 July in Estonia .
Our Kind of Traitor
Ewan McGregor and Naomie Harris star in the latest John le Carré adaptation , produced by Simon and Stephen Cornwell , le Carré ’ s sons , who also made The Night Manager . The screenplay was written by Hossein Amini ( Wings of a Dove , Drive ) , who is praised by The Evening Standard for making “ highly incisive and effective revisions ” to le Carré ’ s 2010 novel : “ This is a new , wholly contemporary le Carré film , sumptuously paced and produced , taking in many striking settings , miles away from the drabness so stylishly cultivated in Tomas Alfredson ’ s Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy of 2011 ” . Stellan Skarsgård and Damian Lewis co-star as a Russian criminal and MI6 man ; according to Entertainment Weekly , “ Skarsgård saves it ; wild and funny and ferociously alive , he ’ s a crucial bolt of color in all that tasteful gray. ” Released 1 July in the US , 7 July in Germany and 21 July in Brazil .
A customer of discount supermarket chain Aldi had quite the surprise when he opened a packet of crisps .
Richard Bootman , 25 , ripped open a packet of Snackrite steak and onion crisps only to find a whole potato – and nothing else – inside .
Speaking with BT.com , the architectural designer from Mildenhall , Suffolk explained : “ I picked it up and it was airtight so I didn ’ t question it . At first I thought it was a ball of soggy crisps . When I realised what it was , everyone in the office laughed . ”
Bootman posted images of the potato-filled packet on Twitter , and has ended up seeing his story reach the likes of Russia , India and Taiwan .
“ We couldn ’ t believe it . It is likely I will buy them again - brand doesn ’ t bother me with crisps . But I will feel up the pack before I open them , '' he said .
Aldi later apologised and offered Bootman a full refund .
“ Mr . President ? The fate of Jon Snow is about to be revealed in the screening room . ”
At the Game of Thrones premiere event in Hollywood on Sunday , showrunners David Benioff and Dan Weiss confirmed rumors that Barack Obama wanted – and will get – episodes of their ultra-secret show ahead of their debut on HBO .
During HBO ’ s Facebook Live stream from the event ’ s red carpet , interviewer Veronica Belmont asked the Emmy-winning team if they had any “ ah-ha … we ’ ve totally made it ” moments coming into season 6 .
“ I think , for both of us , finding out the President wanted advanced copies of the episodes was an ‘ ah-ha ’ moment , ” Weiss said . “ That was a very strange moment . ”
And did they say yes ?
“ Yes , ” Weiss replied . “ He ’ s the leader of the free world . ”
Benioff added : “ When the commander-in-chief says , ‘ I want to see advanced episodes , ’ what are you gon na do ? ”
HBO is remaining mum on the subject , but if Obama gets advanced copies , he ’ s the only person outside of HBO to do so . In an unprecedented move , HBO decided not to send any screeners to journalists or industry insiders . The move was to maintain the secrecy of the show ’ s season 6 storylines , which are expanding beyond the scope of author George R.R . Martin ’ s novels for the first time .
Last month , Thrones actor Liam Cunningham told Vulture that Obama gets advance copies of the show , though it wasn ’ t clear at the time if he was referring to season 6 . “ Did you know he gets advance copies ? POTUS . He gets DVD copies before we do . And we ’ re in it ! ” the actor said .
Obama has previously said Thrones is one of his favorite shows . And he had apparently once expressed concern about the fate of the Night ’ s Watch Lord Commander . As Thrones director David Nutter told EW last summer : “ Three weeks ago , I was the in the company of the President of the United States . He turned to me , put his hand on my shoulder , and said , ‘ You didn ’ t kill Jon Snow did you ? ’ ” Nutter said he replied : “ Jon Snow is deader than dead . ”
If Donald Trump gets elected president this fall , the Thrones team might not give him the same coveted access . In a New York Times profile of Thrones star Peter Dinklage this weekend , columnist Maureen Dowd said Weiss had a dim view of the Republican frontrunner : “ Weiss … says Trump reminds him of Hodor , a gigantic dimwit who answers every question with one word : his name . ”
For the rest of the world , Thrones returns April 24 .
Mack Horton clinched Australia 's first gold medal of the Rio Olympics by upsetting favorite Sun Yang of China in the men 's 400m freestyle final on Saturday .
Horton clocked 3 minutes 41.55 seconds , eclipsing Sun by just 13 hundredths of a second at the Olympic Aquatics stadium . Gabriele Detti of Italy was third in 3:43.49 .
Mack , who finished second fastest in qualifying , is competing at his first Olympic Games in Rio . The 20-year-old was the bronze medalist in the 800m freestyle at last year 's world championships in Kazan .
Sun was the pre-race favorite , having won gold in the same event at the London 2012 Games . The 24-year-old is also the defending 1500m Olympic champion .
Paying over the odds for a ticket to see a film in 3D is the bane of many a cinema-goer 's life .
But there may be a benefit to doing so , as a study has claimed that 3D films exercise the brain and improve short-term functioning in a similar way to brain-training tests .
The research found that people who watched a movie in 3D had improved cognitive skills compared to those who watched it in 2D .
The research was led by neuroscientist Dr Patrick Fagan from Goldsmiths University in London .
More than 100 people took part in the experiment , where participants watched Disney film Big Hero 6 in either standard format or RealD 3D .
They also carried out a brain-training-style test before and after seeing a segment from the film .
The test covered memory , reaction times and cognitive function , and the results were subsequently compared .
According to the research , which was carried out in partnership with science group Thrill Laboratory , participants experienced a 23 per cent increase in cognitive processing , as well as an 11 per cent increase in reaction times .
Dr Fagan said that the results showed enough of an improvement in brain function to suggest that 3D could play a part in improving brain power in the future .
'These findings are more significant than you might think , ' he said .
'It is a fact that people are living longer and there is a noticeable decline in cognitive brain function in old age which can impair future quality of life .
'There has never been a better time to look at ways to improve brain function .
'The initial results of this study indicate that 3D films may potentially play a role in slowing this decline . '
A second part of the experiment involved those watching the film being fitted with headsets that scanned brain activity and this too showed heightened activity when watching 3D .
According to the results , participants were seven per cent more engaged with what they were watching , adding to the argument that 3D movies are more like watching real-life - something Professor Brendan Walker from Thrill Laboratory agreed with .
'A seven per cent rise in emotional engagement is extremely noteworthy . Watching in 3D gives the viewer such an enriched and quality experience , as these results show , ' he said .
'In evolutionary terms , the results of both parts of the test certainly make sense , ' Dr Fagan added .
'As Professor Brendan Walker 's test concluded , 3D films are more immersive , heighten the senses and induce emotional arousal - this , in turn , makes the brain run at quicker speeds . '
March 8 is International Women 's Day . In China , we say women `` hold up half the sky '' . In Chinese myth , a goddess named Nv Wa amended the broken sky and created human beings . And the moon , water , flowers , cats and snakes are connected with women . They symbolize the softness , beauty and wittiness of women .
With multi-identities in modern society , women are not only mothers and wives who take care of their families , but also doctors , scientists and teachers .
We chose five prominent women in recent years whose achievements encourage more young women to pursue their dreams .
Peng Liyuan
Soprano and China 's first lady
As a celebrated soprano , Peng has been well-known for her beautiful voice since her debut at the 1982 CCTV Spring Festival Gala . She is the first soprano in China to receive a master 's degree in Chinese folk vocal music . Her famous songs include Ode to Red Plum Blossom and On the Hopeful Field . Since 2004 , Peng has devoted herself to many programs for the public good , such as the help for AIDS and tuberculosis patients and a stop smoking campaign .
Tu Youyou
Pharmacologist
Tu Youyou was awarded the 2015 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for her discoveries of a new therapy against malaria . She is the first Chinese female scientist to win the Nobel Prize . Her studies were inspired by traditional Chinese medicine theories and she extracted artemisinin in 1972 after hundreds of failures . Artemisinin has saved more than 200 million Africans suffering from malaria since 2000 . Just as Tu said , `` Artemisinin is a gift to the world from Traditional Chinese Medicine '' .
Li Na
Professional tennis player
Li Na started playing tennis when she was only six . In 2004 , the 22-year-old Li became the first Chinese female player to win a WTA tour title . After winning nine WTA singles titles that includes two Grand Slam singles titles at the 2011 French Open and 2014 Australian Open , she became the first and only Grand Slam singles champion from Asia .
Dong Mingzhu
President of Gree Electric Appliances Inc
In 1990 , she joined Gree when she was 36 years old and started her career from doing sales work . She became Gree 's president in 2012 . Her achievements helped China 's home appliances industry to develop in an environmentally-friendly way . As a widow who lost her husband when her son was 2 years old , single mother Dong brought up their son and still fights in the competitive market .
Yao Chen
Actress
Yao Chen , who most people know through the 2006 comedy series , My Own Swordsman . In 2009 she started to use her Sina Weibo , which now has 79 million followers , to help people in need . In 2013 she became the first UNHCR ( United Nations High Commissioner For Refugees ) goodwill ambassador in China . And at the World Economic Forum in Davos in 2016 , she was awarded the Crystal Award for artists who commit themselves to improve the state of the world .
Every man has , at one point or another , sat down in the barber 's chair and been asked , `` What 'll it be today ? ''
We have a recommendation : instead of just saying `` the same as last time '' or `` the usual , '' take into account your face shape for a brand-new hair style . Some styles look better or worse based on your face shape , and this infographic will help you pick the best .
See what popular haircut you should really be getting , based on the shape of your face .
Oblong : face is longer than it is wide
Short haircuts are best for an oblong or rectangular face .
Be careful with a bushy beard , however , as that could make your face look even bigger .
Oval : narrow , with no sharp edges
Luckily , most hairstyles will look good with an oval face shape .
A word of caution : avoid bangs or fringes that could cover your forehead and make your head appear even rounder than it already is .
Diamond : strong jaw and angular cheek bones
The best-case scenario here is to pair a beard with a fringed haircut like a faux hawk or textured crop .
Round : face is equal in length and width
Round faces could use some definition to make them appear longer .
Because of that , you may consider a cut that is shorter on the sides and taller on the top , which would give a round face balance .
Square : angular and prominent
Square faces have lots of sharp angles and , often , a masculine look .
They 're similar to round faces in that they 're best softened with a cut that 's taller on the top . But square-faced men also have the option of going for a really short haircut that will balance out with their naturally round head .
Triangle : prominent jaw , which is wider than the cheekbones
A triangular face has a prominent jaw that is wider than the cheekbones .
Men with this shape are better off clean-shaven and with medium-length hair .
Sick of getting temporarily blinded by drivers using their high-beam headlights at night , more and more Chinese are equipping the rear windows of their cars with scary reflective decals featuring ghosts , vampires or monsters .
Dozens of shops on large e-commerce sites like Taobao are selling scary rear-window decals with graphics ranging from ghostly figures and women with bloody mouths to vampires and yellow-eyed werewolves , and judging by the number of photos currently doing the rounds on Chinese social media , people are actually using them to deter drivers from keeping their high beam headlights on when driving behind them . The bizarre stickers are apparently barely visible in the dark or normal lighting conditions , but light up when a bright light is shone on them .
Most of the shop selling these decals are actually advertising them as a cheap way to scare and discourage other drivers from using their high-beam unnecessarily , and , at this point , people will try anything . The decals sell for $ 3 – $ 18 on Taobao , depending on their size , and are fairly easy to apply on the window .
According to the South China Morning Post , traffic policeman in Jinan , eastern Shandong province , have noticed an increasing number of cars sporting pictures of ghosts with pale skin and other creepy characters on their rear window , and warned that they could pose a threat to road safety . Drivers caught with such decorations on their cars through the city risk a fine of 100 yuan ( $ 15 ) . In Beijing , it is not illegal to decorate car windows with decals , but police say people may have to bear responsibility for any accidents caused by scaring other drivers .
However , no cases of accidents caused by these scary decals have so far been reported . The same can not be said about the irresponsible use of high-beam headlights . Chinese media has so far covered dozens of fatal car crashes involving drivers dazzled by bright , full beam headlights .
We 're really more into Batman .
But this guy is really into Red Skull , the supervillain from Captain America .
As the Daily Mail reports , 37-year-old Henry Damon of Caracas , Venezuela has undergone several procedures , including cutting off a part of his nose , to make himself look like the villain Red Skull from the popular comic book .
Damon has already had several subdermal implants on his forehead as well as several facial tattoos .
His end goal is to get silicone implants on his cheekbones , chin and cheeks and then tattoo his face red to complete the look .
Emilio Gonzalez , Damon 's surgeon , said the huge comic book fan is perfectly healthy .
`` Henry , aka Red Skull , is a physically and intellectually healthy person , '' Gonzalez told the Daily Mail . `` He 's an excellent son , husband and father , who has an extreme taste for body modification . ''
Everyone has their own definition of success , but for today 's women achievement is defined by the number of people following them on social media - as well as their life between the sheets .
According to a new survey , having a 49,000 a year salary , a great sex life and more than 500 Instagram followers are all indicators of success for modern women .
Researchers studied 2,000 working women between the ages of 18 and 45 and asked them to define what it means to be 'successful ' in the modern age .
Financial independence scored higher that any other factor for women , with a salary squarely in the 40 percent tax bracket cited as a sign of having made it .
Seventy-eight percent of the women asked claimed having their own cash is the principle indicator of success .
Emotional factors also came high - with being generally happy ( 70 percent ) emerging second in the list of 35 signs - while being trusted by your friends came in at third place ( 60 percent ) .
Other major signs of success for modern women were achievements such as being a great mum , being able to lend cash to your friends - and having a partner who would rather be with you than his friends . Keeping in good shape was the seventh most popular indicator for success .
The research also revealed a confident 87 percent of young women in the UK would describe themselves as 'successful ' - with 25 emerging as the average age most women start to feel their life is a success .
In terms of relationships , the majority of women claimed they were equal to their partner in terms of success - with 25 percent claiming they were actually more successful than their partner .
However , 22 percent admitted their other half had over-taken them in terms of success .
The study also revealed a 49,000 annual salary is the tipping point from unsuccessful to successful , according to the average female .
76 percent said buying news clothes made them feel successful - while a further 73 percent claimed looking good was a major factor in terms of success .
A further 53 percent said that where you shop was a sign of how well you had done in life .
35 SIGNS OF 'SUCCESS ' FOR MODERN WOMEN
1 . Being financially independent
2 . Being happy most of the time
3 . Being trusted by your friends
4 . Being organised and efficient
5 . Being a good mum
6 . Having a partner who is devoted to you
7 . Keeping in good shape
8 . Making people laugh
9 . Being well read
10 . Being in a senior position at work
11 . Not creating dramas in your life
12 . Being able to do DIY yourself
13 . Having travelled the world
14 . Being able to lend cash to a friend in need
15 . Having a partner who would rather be with you than his friends
16 . Looking your best at all times
17 . Having an immaculate home
18 . Being able to cook with flare
19 . Having people compliment you on your style
20 . Having a great sex life
21 . Going on at least two foreign holidays a year
22 . Picking up the bill after lunch with family and friends
23 . Going on European mini breaks
24 . Throwing great dinner parties
25 . Shopping for high end brands
26 . Earning more than your partner
27 . Earning more than your friends
28 . Owning designer shoes and handbags
29 . Eating out more than twice a week
30 . Driving a better car than your friends
31 . Having people ask you where you buy your clothes from
32 . Having more than 500 Instagram followers
33 . Getting more than 50 likes on your best Facebook posts
34 . Following the latest fashions
35 . Having more than 300 Facebook friends
India has had the highest number of selfie-related deaths according to new research .
A study found that between March 2014 and September 2016 , 60 percent of all “ selfie deaths ” , where a person dies while trying to take a picture of themselves , occurred in India .
According to Me , Myself and My Killfie : Characterizing and Preventing Selfie Deaths , a collaborative study by researchers from Carnegie Mellon University and Indraprastha Institute of Information Delhi , the country was the backdrop to 76 of the 127 reported selfie deaths in the 18 month period .
It ’ s such a big issue , Mumbai police are even considering a proposal to designate 15 particularly dangerous sites in the city as 'selfiefree points ' , reported The Times of India .
After a 17-year-old girl died at Marine Drive while trying to take a selfie with her friends on 28 June , police tweeted out a warning message .
It said : “ Do n't make 'taking a selfie ' mean 'taking your own life ' . ''
Priti Pise drowned when a wave crashed onto the parapet and dragged her out to sea . Other selfie-related deaths in recent years have included engineering student Meenakshi Rajesh , 21 , who slipped and drowned at Bandra Bandstand in May 2017 while taking a photo with her sister and mother .
Meanwhile Tarannum Ansari , an 18-year-old student , was swept into the Bandra sea while taking a selfie with her friends in May 2016 .
Deputy Commissioner of Police , Paramjeet Dahiya , told The Times of India : “ We deploy bandobast [ police protection ] at selfie points when the tide is high . When the weather is rough , we request people not to go near the sea to take selfies . The personnel on bandobast are sufficiently briefed not to let people pull dangerous stunts . ”
Outside of India , a dangerous trend of bear selfies was reported in 2014 in the US , which led to the US Forest Service warning against the dangerous practice . “ Visitor Centre staff routinely encounter unsafe situations as guests ignore their instructions and get too close to bears to take photos and videos , ” the Forest Service warned in a statement . Few listened though , and dozens of snaps were taken with the dangerous animals in the background .
A Singaporean couple has created a stir online after posing with a coffin in their wedding photos .
For Jenny Tay and Darren Cheng , both undertakers , death played a `` central and important part '' in the photo shoot , taken for their upcoming wedding in October .
`` A large part of the shoot was definitely inspired by our jobs , '' said Ms Tay , who is also the daughter of one of Singapore 's most famous undertakers .
`` Wedding shoots are often staged at places which bring the most memories . For us , work plays such a huge part of our lives so we wanted to do it in style . ''
But that was not the only reason behind the couple 's photo shoot .
`` Death is a part of life and should n't be seen as taboo , '' Ms Tay , who has also written a children 's book about dealing with death , told the BBC .
`` It 's important to talk about death ; it 's part and parcel of everyone 's life . Many Asian societies often portray it negatively - we hope to be able to debunk that taboo by encouraging people to be open about death . ''
Pretty and whimsical
The coffin-themed photo shoot , which was initiated by Ms Tay , took place in a waterway park in Singapore .
`` We wanted it to be pretty and whimsical , not at all morbid , so we staged it there and not in an actual cemetery , '' Ms Tay explained .
`` We also did n't want to scare people and the reaction to it has been very positive . ''
Ms Tay has decided not to display them at their wedding banquet so as not to `` disrespect '' any of their guests .
`` Everyone has different opinions and it 's not possible for everyone to share the same line of thought as us , '' she explained , adding that the couple will feature a set of `` assassin-themed '' wedding photographs taken in Japan instead .
Thinking outside the box
But while guests may miss out on their coffin-themed shoot , the pictures drew a huge response on Facebook .
`` Bravo to Jenny and Darren ! They are very daring in their choice for a wedding shoot and I think it 's paid off , '' said a Facebook user .
`` It 's literally 'til death do us part ' , '' said another .
Other users were full of praise for the `` unique approach '' adopted by the couple .
`` I think their shoot is creative and very tastefully done , '' said Molly Sim on Facebook . `` It 's a very nice change from the cookie cutter wedding shoots that we see done at Marina Bay Sands or Sentosa all the time . ''
`` This is what you call 'thinking out of the box ' - something their children and grandchildren will talk about for decades , '' said another user Jeffrey Poh .
1 . Terror threat
This map shows where the Foreign Office believes a terrorist attack is most likely to occur . The threat is rated `` high '' in more than 30 countries , with summer holiday favourites such as Spain and France given the same rating as Libya , Pakistan and Somalia . Russia , Egypt , Tunisia , Myanmar , Kenya , the Philippines and Colombia , Turkey , Thailand , Australia and Belgium are also given the top rating , as well as much of the Middle East , including Iraq , Saudi Arabia , Yemen , Syria , Lebanon , Israel and Afghanistan . Countries where the terror threat is low include Iceland , Bolivia , Ecuador , Poland , the Czech Republic , Switzerland , Hungary , Vietnam and Japan .
The stress of a long , difficult presidential election cycle does n't have to be over once Election Day is done and gone . You can keep that flame burning long into the future and get some exercise , too , if you buy the US Election Cycle . It 's an exercise bike with a built-in `` Hi-5 Wheel '' equipped with red , white and blue gloves that slap you in the face as you pedal .
The modified stationary bike comes from graphic designer Philip Johnson . Johnson describes the US Election Cycle as `` the world 's first exercise machine to accurately re-create the feeling of an American election year . ''
`` I wanted to make something that turned the sour mess of current US politics funny -- something everyone , no matter the political party , could agree on and laugh together about , '' he writes for Bored Panda .
There 's only one cycle in existence , but Johnson is willing to part with it for $ 3,500 . He 's not in it for the cash , but he does admit the project is geared toward making something funny , achieving a sense of catharsis and providing some self-promotion . Mission accomplished .
A political adviser called for regulation and supervision to protect women from being discriminated against in employment during the ongoing two sessions .
Zhen Yan , former vice-chairwoman of the All-China Women 's Federation and a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference , said gender discrimination still exists in the labor market .
`` Some companies say openly that only male candidates will be employed or preferred , '' Zhen said at the sideline of the two sessions .
`` The situation worsened after the country adjusted the one-child policy , '' she said , `` Many companies do not hire women for fear of having to give maternity leave . ”
A survey last year on graduates ' employment in Beijing , Hebei and Shandong provinces showed that 86.6 percent of female students had faced gender discrimination , according to Zhen .
Because of this , women suffer greater pressure while job hunting , which can result in psychological problems such as depression , Zhen said .
At last year 's two sessions , the All-China Women 's Federation submitted a proposal calling for gender equality in the labor market .
Though the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security has responded the labor market continues to see gender discrimination , the former official of the federation said .
Zhen this year proposed that relevant departments complete regulations and strengthen supervision . `` Those violators should also be given tougher penalties , '' she said .
The advance of gender equality in employment is crucial for women to participate in the economic and social development of the country , and also a requirement for advancing the rule of law , Zhen said .
Liu Cixin , China 's most popular science-fiction writer , is 52 years old and has written thirteen books . He worked as a software engineer at a power plant in Shanxi . In China , he is about as famous as William Gibson in the United States ; he ’ s often compared to Arthur C. Clarke , whom he cites as an influence . His most popular book , `` The Three-Body Problem , '' has been translated into English by the American sci-fi writer Ken Liu , and in China it 's being made into a movie , along with its sequels .
Liu Cixin 's writing evokes the thrill of exploration and the beauty of scale . `` In my imagination , '' he told me , in an e-mail translated by Ken Liu , `` abstract concepts like the distance marked by a light-year or the diameter of the universe become concrete images that inspire awe . ''
American science fiction draws heavily on American culture , of course—the war for independence , the Wild West , film noir , sixties psychedelia—and so humanity ’ s imagined future often looks a lot like America 's past . For an American reader , one of the pleasures of reading Liu is that his stories draw on entirely different resources .
Much of `` The Three-Body Problem '' is set during the Cultural Revolution . In `` The Wages of Humanity , '' visitors from space demand the redistribution of Earth 's wealth , and explain that runaway capitalism almost destroyed their civilization . I doubt that any Western sci-fi writer has so thoroughly explored the theme of filial piety .
But it 's not cultural difference that makes Liu 's writing extraordinary . His stories are fables about human progress—concretely imagined but abstract . Take the novella `` Sun of China , '' which follows Ah Quan , a young man from a rural village that has been impoverished by drought . In the first three chapters , Ah Quan sets out from the village and finds work in a mine ; he travels to a regional city , where he learns to shine shoes , and moves to Beijing , where he works as a skyscraper-scaling window-washer . Then the story takes a turn .
Eldest siblings tend to think they ’ re the kings and queens of the family . They were born first , so it only makes sense that they get the most attention and affection , right ?
Youngest and middle children would beg to differ , but it turns out science mostly supports the eldest ’ s bragging rights .
Numerous studies have shown that birth order plays an important part in development . How much influence it has is a point of contention among experts , but regardless , there is something to be said about being the oldest one of the bunch .
If you ’ re an eldest sibling , take a look at the benefits of your birth order below .
1 . Older siblings might be smarter .
Research suggests that eldest children have higher IQs on average than their younger siblings . In a 2007 study of 250,000 Norwegian young adults , firstborn men had an average IQ 2.3 points higher than their younger brothers .
Researchers believe the difference is due to environment rather than genetics . Eldest children often “ teach ” their younger siblings , which can help them to better retain information , according to the authors . Also , as a family grows , parents have less time to spend with each child .
“ Every time you add a child , you ’ re diluting the intellectual environment of everyone in the family , ” the researchers wrote in the study ’ s conclusion .
2 . They could be more responsible .
Forging the path for their fellow siblings means eldest children learn some serious responsibility early in life . According to Jeffrey Kluger , author of The Sibling Effect : What the Bonds Among Brothers and Sisters Reveal About Us , eldest siblings tend to be the ones that focus the most on family loyalty and traditional achievement . As a result , they ’ re often seen as more obedient and responsible .
3 . They might be more successful .
Not only do eldest children perform better in school , they also might be more successful in the professional world . According psychologist and New York University adjunct professor Ben Dattner , firstborns are achievement-oriented and eager to please their parents . Research also suggests they tend to dominate their younger siblings as an authority figure of sorts , making them acutely prepared to take on leadership roles in the professional world .
Plus , their parents perceive them to be more accomplished . Go figure .
4 . Eldest children follow the rules .
While middle children are thought to be the rebellious ones , oldest children are more likely to be rule-followers and stick to the status quo .
“ Firstborns tend to be responsible , competitive and conventional , whereas laterborns have to ‘ distinguish ’ themselves and create a specific niche by being playful , cooperative , and especially , rebellious , ” Belgian psychologists Vassilis Saroglou and Laure Fiasse wrote in a 2003 paper published in the journal Personality and Individual Differences .
5 . They may be more conscientious .
In a 2015 study , firstborns were found to be slightly more conscientious , more agreeable and less neurotic than their younger siblings — characteristics that could help them in the long run .
A 2015 Australian study found that people who were more conscientious showed higher academic performance . Conscientiousness has also been found to be a major key to success .
Revel in the glory , eldest siblings . It ’ s hard to argue with science . But we ’ re sure your mom still loves you all equally .
Tourists who encounter a language barrier while visiting Japan can now access 24-hour , multilingual phone assistance , it 's reported .
Local authorities have started offering the translation services after a boom in foreign visitors , many of whom have little knowledge of Japanese , The Japan Times website reports . In some areas the hotlines are accessed by staff in hotels , car rental companies or restaurants to decipher tourists ' queries , but others enable visitors to contact a call centre directly .
The number of international visitors arriving in Japan has soared in recent months . In August , an estimated 1.82 million foreign tourists entered the country , a 64 % increase on the previous year , according to figures from the Japan National Tourism Organisation .
Local authorities have partnered with private companies which run the call centres , and staff can help people with everything from finding a doctor who speaks a particular language , to negotiating a deal in a souvenir shop . One company has 13 languages available , including Russian and Indonesian . `` In the case of hotels , guests often ask simple questions such as what time is breakfast or dinner , '' says Toshiharu Kimura , a spokesman for Shiga Prefecture . They also often ask how to send baggage home , he says .
An end to grey hair and crows-feet could be just 10 years away after scientists showed it is possible to reverse ageing in animals .
Using a new technique which takes adult cells back to their embryonic form , US researchers at the Salk Institute in California , showed it was possible to reverse ageing in mice , allowing the animals to not only look younger , but live for 30 percent longer .
The technique involves stimulating four genes which are particularly active during development in the womb . It was also found to work to turn the clock back on human skin cells in the lab , making them look and behave younger .
Scientists hope to eventually create a drug which can mimic the effect of the found genes which could be taken to slow down , and even reverse the ageing process . They say it will take around 10 years to get to human trials .
`` Our study shows that ageing may not have to proceed in one single direction , '' said Dr Juan Carlos Izpisua Belmonte , a professor in Salk 's Gene Expression Laboratory . `` With careful modulation , aging might be reversed . ''
`` Obviously , mice are not humans and we know it will be much more complex to rejuvenate a person . But this study shows that ageing is a very dynamic and plastic process , and therefore will be more amenable to therapeutic interventions than what we previously thought . ''
Scientists have known for some time that the four genes , which are known collectively as the Yamanaka factors , could turn adult cells back to their stem cell state , where they can grow into any part of the body .
But it was always feared that allowing that to happen could damage organs made from the cells , and even trigger cancer .
However , it was discovered that stimulating the genes intermittently reversed ageing , without causing any damaging side effects .
In mice with a premature ageing disease , the treatment countered signs of ageing and increased their lifespan by 30 percent . If it worked similarly in humans it could allow people to live until more than 100 years old . In healthy mice it also helped damaged organs to heal faster .
`` In other studies scientists have completely reprogrammed cells all the way back to a stem-cell-like state , '' says co-first author Pradeep Reddy , also a Salk research associate .
`` But we show , for the first time , that by expressing these factors for a short duration you can maintain the cell 's identity while reversing age-associated hallmarks . ''
The breakthrough could also help people stay healthier for longer . The ageing population means that the risk of developing age-related diseases , such as dementia , cancer and heart disease also rises . But if the body could be kept younger for longer then it could prevent many deadly diseases for decades .
Actors Leonardo DiCaprio and Lady Gaga have led the winners at this year 's Golden Globe awards .
The actor - who is heavily tipped for his first Oscar this year - won the gong for best actor in a film drama for his role in The Revenant , beating rivals including Eddie Redmayne who was nominated for The Danish Girl .
DiCaprio received a pat on the back from producer Harvey Weinstein and a standing ovation from the crowd as he collected the award for best actor in a drama for The Revenant .
Arriving at the stage , he said : `` What an incredible honour , that meant a lot . Two years ago we found ourselves submerged deep in nature with all its complications and all the beauty that it gave us cinematically .
`` This film was about survival , adaptation and the triumph of the human spirit and more importantly it was about trust . ”
Pop superstar Gaga also took home the award for best actress in a limited television series or movie for her role as the villainous Countess in American Horror Story : Hotel . The Born This Way singer made an emotional speech as she was awarded a Golden Globe for her role in the HBO hit .
She said she wanted to be an actress before becoming a singer , but explained that `` music worked out first '' before adding : `` I feel like Cher in the film Moonstruck . It 's like one of the great moments of my life . ''
Kate Winslet also won the Golden Globe for best supporting actress for a movie for her role in Steve Jobs . The actress remained in her seat looking dumbfounded after she was named best supporting actress in a film for her portrayal of Joanna Hoffman in Steve Jobs .
She said : `` I am extremely surprised and overwhelmed . I just want to start by saying what an incredible year for women in film . These categories are so crowed and crammed with incredible integrity and skill and I feel prouder than ever to be included . ''
Matt Damon was named best actor in a comedy or musical motion picture for his role as a stranded astronaut in The Martian .
Jennifer Lawrence also took home the gong for best actress in a movie for her role in the critical darling Joy .
Rachel Bloom burst into tears as she won best lead in a comedy or musical TV show while Amazon show Mozart In The Jungle was another surprise victor at the awards show when it was named best TV comedy .
The Martian was named best comedy or musical motion picture .
Revenge epic The Revenant was named best drama picture and DiCaprio and Inarritu walked to the stage to collect it together .
Inarritu said : `` I forgot to thank all the native Americans who made this film possible . I can not say how surprised I am and how proud I am to have survived this film with all these fellows . ''
That tie . He just won ’ t take it off , even when picking his way in sweltering heat through the rubble left by Hurricane Irma on the French Caribbean island of St. Martin .
President Emmanuel Macron has shaken French politics to its core but dares not breach the dress code for a French chief of state . The tie , preferably dark , is de rigueur .
King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands also flew to St. Martin to assess damage . He wore a khaki-colored shirt , sleeves rolled to the elbows — and no necktie .
“ He ’ s a real king . He doesn ’ t need to post signs to show his stature , ” said Jamil Dakhlia , a Sorbonne University sociologist specializing in political communications .
The French Revolution ended the country ’ s monarchy in 1789 . The French presidency remains powerful but there is “ a need to show with symbols one ’ s legitimacy . So , you must keep the tie on , ” Dakhlia explained .
The Dutch king also is not a 39-year-old former investment banker looking to upset the political system with his upstart centrist party and planning to undo France ’ s nearly sacrosanct labor laws — all while sliding in popularity .
Conscious of his baggage , Macron donned a tie while campaigning and has kept it on ever since , even during events in which sartorial elegance might be understandably cast aside .
There he was in April , before his May election , in a coat and tie trying to talk down screaming angry factory workers outside their Whirlpool plant .
Two months later , as president , he was playing tennis — sans vest but with a tie — from a wheelchair alongside disabled athletes to promote Paris ’ bid to host the 2024 Olympics . The French capital went on to win the opportunity .
On Monday , Macron , doubtless wearing a thin dark tie , attended his first UN General Assembly in New York . There he also met with President Donald Trump , who is known to have a penchant for long neckties , often red or blue .
In St. Martin for two days , the French president trudged through debris on the devastated island wearing a dark tie over a white shirt , the sleeves rolled up in the smothering heat and humidity but mysteriously always crisp-looking .
“ What surprised me the most was that he took off his suit jacket , ” said Dakhlia .
“ For a long time … ( Macron ) was accused of not having legitimacy , of being too young , with no real political capital , ” Dakhlia noted , saying Macron would have removed his tie at his peril . “ If he had done it … it would have been noted as a way to try to be close to the people , as insincere stagecraft . ”
The Western neck tie is widely considered to have its origins with 17th-century Croatian mercenaries , wearing colorful neck bands , during the Thirty Years War between European powers . The neck band evolved and spread .
Today , the wardrobe of French leaders , tie included , is scrutinized by journalists deciphering the strengths and weaknesses of their chiefs of state . Macron ’ s ties have grown darker and thinner as president and the knots he used to use in his banking days have changed .
Macron may have taken a clue from his unpopular predecessor , Francois Hollande , who had endless bad tie days .
Hollande ’ s cravat was always crooked and he became the butt of jokes . A website was even started , francois-tacravate.fr , which graded the appearance of Hollande ’ s ties on each public outing .
But even as a rookie president , Hollande knew the French dress code . He was the only world leader at a 2012 G-8 summit at Camp David , just after his election , to show up wearing a necktie .
“ Francois , we said you could take off the tie , ” the host , then-President Barack Obama , joked .
Hollande refused , saying that it ’ s “ for my press ! ”
Tyre slashing , vandalism and racially charged incidents are all part of the storm that has been brewing in the otherwise quaint Victorian coastal town of Venus Bay .
And it all centres on the innocuous shellfish - the pipi .
At the height of summer , when the conditions are right , more than 2,500 predominately Chinese people can be found digging up the coastline of Venus Bay , 175 kilometres south-east of Melbourne , in search of pipis to eat .
It has prompted a fierce push back by locals , who insist their concerns about the daytrippers are not racist but are instead driven by environmental and social concerns .
Scientists and authorities are now conducting research aimed at eliminating the emotional elements of the debate in an attempt to quantify the ecological impact of pipi harvesting .
A brief pipi history
Ever since the 1960s when the area around Venus Bay was first developed , the inconspicuous shellfish found under the sand at low tide has been harvested both commercially and recreationally for bait .
But over the past eight years , the town , home to a mere 500 permanent residents , has become a hotspot for pipi harvesting among Melbourne 's Chinese community .
On a busy summer 's day , thousands of pipi harvesters dig up the main beach in search of the shellfish .
Locals have become frustrated with the stress visiting pipi harvesters place on the town 's amenities - the car parks , rubbish bins , public toilets - even claiming it restricts emergency service access to the beach .
Beyond the changing dynamic of the town though , there are concerns the rapid increase in pipi harvesting is seeing the species ' populations being depleted beyond repair .
John Morrongiello , a lecturer of marine biology at the University of Melbourne , is conducting a study into the impact of pipi harvesting at Venus Bay .
`` At the moment there 's a degree of he-said , she-said going on ; what we really need is some hard facts and that is our role as scientists to do an objective research project . ''
Authorities have responded to specific concerns of over-fishing .
In Venus Bay , unlike the rest of Victoria , you can now only take two litres of pipis rather than five .
No tools like spades can be used , only hands and feet .
Police and the Fisheries Department have also set up road blocks during the busy period to search cars .
A matter of perception
Anthropologist Lisa Hatfield is a PhD candidate at Latrobe University in Melbourne who has spent the past three years investigating the social impacts of pipi harvesting at Venus Bay .
She was drawn to the dispute over the `` unassuming little critter '' because it raised wider questions about Australia 's attitudes toward multiculturalism and identity .
`` The issues the locals had with the pipi harvesters were that they were coming for just one purpose ; they were coming in organised groups to collect pipis in commercial quantities , '' she said .
`` They said it was their culture to take everything .
`` There were also complaints they were n't actually contributing to the local economy in any way . ''
After inspecting the beach herself , Ms Hatfield found these ideas were `` often the exception rather than the rule '' .
`` Locals were drawing on longstanding ingrained stereotypes we have about Asian people in Australia , '' she said .
Despite this , Ms Hatfield said there were still valid concerns about the pipi harvesting at Venus Bay .
`` The locals felt they were being dismissed and being called racist , when in a way they are coming to grips with the changes that are going on at Venus Bay .
`` They 're concerned that they 're losing their sense of place and their sense of belonging . ''
Are pipi populations depleting ?
Down at Beach One , Dr Morrongiello and his field assistants conduct monthly check-ups of the pipi population .
With just a year 's worth of data , Dr Morrongiello said he was hesitant to jump to any conclusions about how the pipis were being impacted by harvesters .
`` Every time we harvest a population , we 're impacting on the biology there , so yes we are having an impact on the pipis , '' he said .
`` What we do n't know is how much of an impact that is . ''
What next for Venus Bay ?
Ms Hatfield described Venus Bay 's beach as a segregated space - locals in one area and `` pipi hunters '' in another .
She said creating more common space could be one solution .
`` To have a space that 's more welcoming and accepting of both beach users .
`` Finding that common ground is really important to the town moving on . ''
Producers of HBO 's fantasy drama Game of Thrones will work on a new historical series based on the life of Wu Zetian , the only empress in the history of China , according to a report by Hollywood Reporters .
Christopher Newman , the brain behind Game , has signed a deal with Starlight Media and K. Jam Media to develop and create 13-episode drama Empress . Starlight Media will fully finance the series , estimated at $ 70 million , and is reported to shop the project from K. Jam Media to broadcast networks after completion .
Production is set to begin in Sichuan province in late 2017 , with a premiere scheduled for 2018 .
Wu Zetian , China 's only empress in history , was ruler of the country during the Tang Dynasty ( AD 618-906 ) . Wu was known for her wit and intelligence along with her ruthlessness and desire to achieve ultimate power regardless of means . The series will follow her rise to the top through the court of Emperor Taizong as his favorite concubine .
Newman will executively produce the series alongside Starlight Media chairman Xu Yan , CEO Peter Luo and Beely Lee , as well as K. Jam CEO Kia Jam .
`` I am very happy to announce this partnership and am looking forward to working with this excellent creative team to bring the story of the Empress Wu to a global audience , '' Xu said in a statement .
`` My partner Chris and I have already started to assemble a world-class team and are thrilled to be in business with our friends at Starlight Media . The story of the empress is a story of intrigue , history and power that provides a deep storytelling well that we hope will have numerous seasons to follow , '' Jam added .
Starlight Media is a US-based company founded by Xu in 2013 . K. Jam Media is an independent film and TV production company based in Los Angeles . Newman , aside from his work in Game of Thrones , has worked on Star Wars : Episode 1 -- The Phantom Menace , Notting Hill and Love Actually .
Empress is uncast at the moment .
La La Land looks set to dance its way to victory at the biggest night in Hollywood after picking up a record-tying 14 Oscars nominations for the 89th Academy Awards .
The smash-hit musical - led by Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling - picked up the most nods on Tuesday , and tied the record set by Titanic and All About Eve .
The picture now has a chance to beat the record 11 Oscars that have been won by Ben-Hur , Titanic and The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King .
And one year after the # OscarsSoWhite controversy , seven of the 20 actors nominated for awards were non-white.，
There was not a single non-white acting nominee in 2016 .
The film 's highly-commended stars also head up the Leading Actress and Leading Actor categories , with Emma going to battle with the likes of Meryl Streep ( Florence Foster Jenkins ) and Natalie Portman ( Jackie ) for the Best Actress prize .
Streep on Tuesday received her record 20th Oscar nomination , 37 years after she was first nominated for her supporting turn in The Deer Hunter .
Golden Globe winner Isabelle Huppert was nominated for the French film Elle .
Best Actress :
Gosling meanwhile will take on some formidable competition as he faces off against Casey Affleck ( Manchester by the Sea ) and Denzel Washington ( Fences ) .
Best Actor :
This year 's Best Supporting Actress category is stacked with five of the best actors working in Hollywood , with past Academy Award winners Octavia Spencer ( Hidden Figures ) and Nicole Kidman ( Lion ) leading the way .
Best Supporting Actress :
Three of the men competing for Best Supporting Actor received their first nomination , including Mahershala Ali ( Moonlight ) , Dev Patel ( Lion ) and 20-year-old Lucas Hedges ( Manchester by the Sea ) , the youngest of this year 's acting nominees .
Best Supporting Actor :
Best Director meanwhile provided one big shock with Mel Gibson making his way in for his work on Hacksaw Ridge .
It is the first time he has been nominated since he won the award for Braveheart back in 1995 , a film for which he also took home Best Picture .
Best Director :
La La Land has already been the biggest success of awards season , winning over critics and cinema-goers alike .
The film swept the Golden Globe Awards with a record-breaking seven awards for Best Original Score Motion Picture , Best Original Song Motion Picture categories , Best Screenplay Motion Picture and Best Director Motion Picture .
Moonlight received eight nominations on Tuesday , as did Arrival .
Manchester received six nods , which all came in major categories including Picture , Director , Screenplay and Best Actor , Supporting Actor and Supporting Actress .
The film was backed by Amazon Studios , and marks the first time that a streaming service has earned a nomination for Best Picture .
Hacksaw Ridge and Lion also received six nods .
Best Picture :
Best Animated Film :
Foreign language film :
Documentary ( feature ) :
Documentary ( short subject ) :
Music ( original score ) :
Subway employees will have to use a ruler to prove the chain is serving foot long sandwiches after a lawsuit found they were only 11 inches .
The world 's largest fast food chain came under fire two years ago when a photo showing one of its sandwiches next to a tape measure went viral , which revealed it was just 11 inches .
This led to a class-action lawsuit from Subway consumers who said they were cheated out of an inch of their sandwiches .
Subway will now ensure their restaurants are adhering to the new rules and selling the correct length sandwiches .
The furore started in 2013 when Australian Matt Corby , uploaded a picture of a Subway sandwich to Facebook with a ruler on top showing the sandwich at 11 inches .
Separate lawsuits were then filed by plaintiffs in Chicago and on the East Coast , each seeking damages over a missing inch or more .
A lawsuit in Chicago was brought by Nguyen Buren , who claimed his Subway was less than 11 inches long and alleged a 'pattern of fraudulent , deceptive and otherwise improper advertising , sales and marketing practices ' .
Attorney Tom Zimmerman , who is representing Mr Buren against Subway parent Doctor 's Associations Inc , was quoted in the Chicago Tribune as saying : 'This is no different than if you bought a dozen eggs and they gave you 11 or you bought a dozen doughnuts and they gave you 11 . It 's no different , and yet you 're paying for 12 . '
At the same time , two men filed a similar suit in New Jersey state court , seeking damages in excess of $ 5 million .
Mr Zimmerman said he hopes their suit will be withdrawn and moved to federal court so they can be combined .
As part of the new proposals , Subway will provide new training materials to make sure staff sell the full 12 inch sandwich .
Subway will also enforce stricter penalties to stores that fail to meet the new standards .
A hearing for final approval of the terms has been set for January 2016 .
It had previously responded to the original complaint made in Australia .
A spokesman said : 'We have redoubled our efforts to ensure consistency and correct length in every sandwich we serve .
Our commitment remains steadfast to ensure that every Subway Footlong sandwich is 12 inches at each location worldwide . '
If there ’ s one thing even the most fabulous fashionistas have in common with the Mark Zuckerbergs of the world , it ’ s that finding a signature style or outfit can be life-changing .
Not only can wearing something you feel great in boost your confidence , but having a uniform can also help prevent clothing waste , an issue that negatively impacts the environment every single day .
Hear us out .
If we , as consumers , can actively cut back on our purchases and invest in just a few pieces that we wear over and over , we can make a difference .
Basically , less clothing = less waste = a happy environment and an even happier wallet .
Need some inspiration ? We ’ ve rounded up 10 of the most famous outfit repeaters below . Some of them take repeating very literally , wearing the same particular piece several times . Others take a looser translation , repeating a specific style but maybe not necessarily wearing the same piece over and over . Either way , take inspiration from this idea : If it ain ’ t broke , don ’ t fix it .
1 . Karl Lagerfeld
Despite varying iterations of the jacket , Lagerfeld is rarely seen without a black suit , white tie , gloves and of course , those sunglasses .
( L to R ) : At the Toronto Art Shoppe Lofts and Condos in April 2015 , at the Fendi Roma 90 Years Anniversary in July 2016 , At the Chanel haute couture show in Paris on July 5 , 2016 .
2 . The Duchess of Cambridge
Fans swoon over Duchess Kate ’ s style , but love her even more for her famous outfit repeats .
( L to R ) : At the premiere of War Horse in January 2012 , at a reception and dinner in November 2012 , at London ’ s Natural History Museum in December 2013 .
3 . Mark Zuckerberg
Mark Zuckerberg is the tech world ’ s Doug Funnie , and he ’ s got the now famous closet shot to prove it .
( L to R ) : At the F8 Facebook Developers Conference in San Francisco in April 2016 , at the Global Entrepreneurship Summit in Stanford in June 2016 , in Sun Valley in July 2016 .
4 . Adele
Adele is so committed to outfit recycling she is wearing just one Burberry dress for the entire length of her tour . Just one dress !
( L to R ) : On tour in Phoenix in August 2016 , on tour in Amsterdam in June 2016 , on tour in Seattle in July 2016 .
5 . Steve Jobs
Arguably the most famous master of the uniform , Steve Jobs was rarely seen without that black turtleneck and jeans .
( L to R ) : At Macworld Expo in Tokyo in February 2000 , at the new iPad launch in San Francisco in January 2010 , at the Apple/U2 iPod release in San Jose in October 2004 .
6 . Hillary Clinton
You don ’ t think “ pant suit ” without also thinking Hillary . She has , over the years , mastered this powerful look .
( L to R ) : At a campaign event in Reno in August 2016 , at a voter registration rally in Philadelphia in August 2016 , at the “ Ellen Degeneres Show ” in Los Angeles in September 2015 .
7 . Kanye West
Mr. West loves dressing in coordinating casual wear so much that he ’ s spent most of his NYC summer doing it .
( L to R ) : At the VMAs in New York City in August 2016 , out in New York City in August 2016 , at the Power 106 Powerhouse show in Anaheim in June 2016 .
8 . Ellen Degeneres
A blazer , skinny pants and button downs round out Degeneres ’ signature style .
( L to R ) : On Jimmy Kimmel in Los Angeles in June 2016 , at the People ’ s Choice Awards in Los Angeles in January 2016 , at a taping of her show in Los Angeles in September 2015 .
9 . Taylor Swift
Queen of the crops , T-Swift and her bare-midriff-high-waisted-skirt combo epitomize “ if it ain ’ t broke , don ’ t fix it . ”
( L to R ) : At the VMAs in Los Angeles in August 2015 , on tour in Shanghai in November 2015 , at the Grammys in Los Angeles in February 2016 .
10 . Sofia Vergara
Sofia Vergara and strapless , form-fitting gowns go together like a really well-dressed peanut butter and jelly .
( L to R ) : At the Vanity Fair Oscar party in Los Angeles in February 2016 , at the SAG Awards in Los Angeles in January 2016 , at the Oscars in Los Angeles in February 2016 .
Russia should be banned from this summer 's Olympics and Paralympics after evidence was found of a four-year , state-sponsored doping programme , says the World Anti-Doping Agency .
A Wada-commissioned report found urine samples of Russian competitors were manipulated across the `` vast majority '' of summer and winter Olympic sports from late 2011 to August 2015 .
The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) will decide on Tuesday whether to provisionally ban Russia from the Rio Olympics , which start on 5 August .
IOC president Thomas Bach will host a telephone conference call to decide on `` provisional measures and sanctions '' .
He has promised the `` toughest sanctions available '' and said the findings are a `` shocking and unprecedented attack on the integrity of sport and on the Olympic Games '' .
Dr Richard McLaren 's report found 580 positive tests were covered up across 30 different sports , including in the build-up to London 2012 , and at the 2014 Winter Olympics in the Russian city of Sochi .
McLaren said he had `` only skimmed the surface '' in his 57-day investigation , and Wada wants the Canadian to `` complete his mandate '' by identifying athletes who benefited from the programme .
The IOC should `` decline entries , for Rio 2016 , of all athletes '' submitted by the Russian Olympic Committee and the Russian Paralympic Committee , says Wada .
Its president , Sir Craig Reedie , described the `` scope and scale '' of the findings as a `` real horror story '' .
He told BBC Radio 5 live : `` There are lots of potential samples to examine and that work will continue . We will almost certainly extend McLaren 's mandate for him to do that . ''
Russia 's track and field athletes are already barred from competing in Rio after the International Association of Athletics Federations voted in June to maintain a global competition ban on the All-Russia Athletic Federation ( Araf ) .
Araf hopes to overturn the suspension and will find out by Thursday if its appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport has been successful .
President Vladimir Putin said he would suspend officials named in the McLaren report .
Barcelona 's Argentinian soccer star Lionel Messi has been sentenced to 21 months in prison and fined 2 million euros ( $ 2.2 million ) after being found guilty of three counts of tax fraud , a court in the Spanish city said on Wednesday .
The court handed the same jail sentence to the Argentine soccer player 's father , Jorge , and fined him 1.5 million euros . However , in Spain it is customary that those sentenced to under two years for non-violent crimes do not serve time in jail .
Messi , 29 , and his father were accused by the Spanish tax office of defrauding the government of 4.2 million euros ( $ 4.7 million ) in tax between 2007 and 2009 .
The court found that they had used a web of shell companies to evade taxes on income from the player 's image rights .
Messi , five-times World Player of the Year , said during the trial that he had no knowledge of the dealings and that his father had control over his financial affairs . But the court said this was not enough for him to avoid charges .
The defendants can appeal to the supreme court , the Barcelona local court said in its statement .
Messi and his father had already paid 5 million euros to the tax authorities as a `` corrective '' measure after formal investigations were opened .
The footballer is 10th on Forbes Magazine 's list of the world ’ s highest-earning athletes over the past decade , with an estimated income of $ 350 million during this period .
Tokyo Olympic organizers scrapped the logo for the 2020 Games on Tuesday following another allegation that its Japanese designer might have used copied materials .
Reversing their earlier support for Kenjiro Sano against allegations of plagiarizing the design , the organizers said the decision came after new accusations over the weekend .
`` We have reached a conclusion that it would be only appropriate for us to drop the logo and develop a new emblem , '' said Toshio Muto , director-general of the Tokyo organizing committee . `` At this point , we have decided that the logo can not gain public support . '' Muto said the organizing committee will have another competition to decide a new logo as soon as possible .
The logo has faced scrutiny since a Belgian designer took legal action alleging that it resembled one of his works .
Organizers had defended Sano at a recent news conference when they released his original design－which had been changed to its final shape to stress its authenticity . But this triggered fresh allegations over the original design .
Sano stood by his design but offered to withdraw the logo during discussions with the organizers on Monday . Sano has faced allegations of plagiarism since the logo 's debut in July . The latest suspicion surfaced late on Monday , when he was alleged to have taken a photograph from someone else 's website for use in his presentation of the Olympic logo . Sano also allegedly altered part of a photograph of a Tokyo airport lobby , replacing images of banners hanging from the ceiling with those of his Olympic logo .
The logo issue is another embarrassment for Japan , which scrapped the initial design of the main stadium for the Games following public uproar over its rocketing cost estimate . The delay caused by that revision meant the new stadium wo n't be ready for the 2019 Rugby World Cup as promised initially .
Since the logo was scrapped , suggestions such as ninjas and paper cranes as well as the hashtag `` # unofficialemblem '' in Japanese started being shared widely .
Temporary tattoos have been around for a long time , but as any inking enthusiast would agree , they 're nothing compared to the real deal . And yet , there are times when tattoos do n't end up like you wanted them to , or you just get bored with them after a while . In such cases , getting a tattoo removed involves laser treatments that are both expensive and painful . But not anymore . It might soon be possible to temporarily get a permanent tattoo , thanks to this new type of tattoo ink developed by a group of engineering students .
The special ink has a huge advantage over regular tattoo ink – it can be removed from your skin through an extraordinarily simple and inexpensive process . You simply visit your tattoo artist and have them trace over the tattoo with a removal solution . Voila ! It 's all gone . Or , you can just erase the part of it that you do n't like and turn it into a whole new artwork . The choice is yours .
The product is named 'Ephemeral ' , after the team of Chemical and Biomolecular engineering students who took part in the recent $ 200,000 Entrepreneurs Challenge held by NYU Stern 's Berkley Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation . The team comprised of five School of Engineering students and a sixth one from Stern won the grand prize of $ 75,000 for their unique invention .
`` Ephemeral was born through a personal experience of mine , '' said Seung Shin , one of the team members . `` Ever since I was young , I was always interested in tattoos but my parents were extremely against it mostly because of its permanence . '' Shin later went on to get a tattoo anyway , but eventually had it removed as well . `` It was the worst experience of my life , '' he said . `` It was extremely painful , ineffective , and costly . '' The experience got him thinking about simpler methods of tattoo removal , and ultimately brought the idea to fruition during the competition . The trick was to reduce the size of the ink molecules , making it easier to simply wipe away .
`` Tattoo inks today are permanent because of the fact that the dye molecules are too big for your body 's immune system to take away , '' explained Anthony Lam , another team member . `` By using smaller molecules , we 've encapsulated them inside this spherical structure that 's big enough that your immune system does n't take it away . But when you remove it , it essentially eats away one of the components and the dye molecules are flushed out . ''
The team spent eight months developing the product , competing against 249 other teams from seven other NYU schools . Starting with initial idea pitches , they worked their way through elimination rounds , coaching sessions , and a Q & amp ; A before a panel of judges on May 1 . After presenting a three-minute pitch and video explaining their concept , Ephemeral was voted the winner in the 'Technology Venture Competition ' , securing the $ 75,000 grand prize .
Ephemeral is currently being tested – first on cells , then on pigs – and Shin says that they hope to release the product commercially by fall next year . They 're also planning to start accepting seed funds on June 1 . `` We have n't really sealed down the pricing yet , but we 're looking at anywhere from $ 50 to $ 100 for an average sized tattoo , '' he said . `` Right now , we 're planning for our financing round and we hope to have it up in the next 10 months or so . ''
When it comes to designer handbags , size matters — but not in the way you ’ d think . If you want to make a big style statement this season , you need to go tiny .
From the Duchess of Cambridge to Rihanna and Jennifer Lawrence , celebrities have been spotted carrying tiny versions of designers ’ full-size offerings .
Forget huge holdalls or roomy shoppers . It ’ s all about ‘ micro ’ or ‘ nano ’ bags , with every designer from Louis Vuitton to Fendi shrinking their popular styles to doll-like proportions , barely big enough to hold a mobile phone and a lipstick .
Even Theresa May has one . Our on-trend PM was recently spotted carrying a dinky Redford bag by her favourite British designer , Amanda Wakeley . At 17cm tall and a mere 7.5cm deep , it ’ s roughly the same size as a box of chocolates , yet still costs almost £1,000 .
And the High Street has followed suit , with sales of micro bags up 72 percent on last year at John Lewis , and a staggering 200 percent at Debenhams . On fashion sites such as Net-a-Porter , the tiny bags often sell out seconds after they arrive .
‘ Micro bags are the new luxury must-have , ’ says Selfridges ’ accessories buyer Caroline Fielder . ‘ They ’ re a more discreet way to wear fashion ’ s biggest names and the antithesis of the oversized It-bags of the early 2000s .
‘ Back then , we saw bags getting bigger and bigger . Right now , we see the trend in reverse . These bags are all about shape , colour , adding interest and being playful — almost a crossover point between accessories and jewellery . ’
Partly , too , it ’ s a sign of how technology has taken over our lives . ‘ These days , all you really need are your keys and your phone , ’ says Emily Seares from online style magazine Fashion Bite .
‘ A phone can act as a diary , travel card , camera and even bank card in one — so why cart around a huge bag when you can carry these essentials in a chic , tiny one ? ’
Nano bags are also a way for designers to tap into the younger market .
‘ Cross-body styles look younger and more casual so are hugely popular with the Instagram-loving crowd , ’ says Emily . ‘ Micro bags are a very canny move by fashion brands as they make designer labels more accessible to a younger customer who might not be able to afford a full-size bag for more than £1,500 , but could just save up and splurge out on a mini one that ’ s a few hundred pounds . ’
But while some women may well swap their oversized bag for a neater , shrunken version , there will always be those who can ’ t decide between the two — and buy both , even using them at the same time .
‘ More and more women are storing their essentials in a nano bag and then stashing it inside a larger tote bag , ’ says Emily .
‘ That way , you can still carry around your laptop and gym kit — then , when it comes to the evening , you can check your big bag into the cloakroom and just carry your tiny bag with you to the table , bar or dancefloor . ’
Hi , it 's Putin , is Obama in ?
`` Hello , can I speak to the president ? '' is not an off-the-cuff request an operator is ever likely to hear from a world leader .
By the time the initial pleasantries are exchanged between heads of state , the groundwork will have been done behind the scenes by the leaders ' respective staff .
`` When there is an established relationship between two countries , it might be as simple as one situation room calling its counterpoint and saying my head of state wants to speak to yours , '' says Stephen Yates , who worked as deputy national security adviser to former US Vice-President Dick Cheney .
When countries are in less frequent contact , an ambassador may make the first formal request on their leader 's behalf . They will set out the proposed agenda and reasons for the call and , if agreed , the reciprocal team would then work it into busy schedules .
A helping hand for big issues and small talk
World leaders are typically well briefed before speaking to each other .
In the US , the president is given a dossier from the National Security Council ( NSC ) , the principal US advisory body on national security and foreign policy .
If it is a simple courtesy call , the information provided may be basic , including details on who initiated contact , and two or three recommended talking points . There may also be some need-to-know personal information , such as a reminder to ask after a sick husband or wife .
If the topic is sensitive , the NSC will offer the president an additional short briefing , and then listen in on the call .
Are we alone now ?
World leaders usually have various people listening in on their conversations , including aides and interpreters .
Even when leaders speak another language fluently , they often choose to conduct official calls in their mother tongue .
`` Sometimes that is down to national pride , but it 's also to avoid misunderstandings and protect nuance , '' says Kevin Hendzel , a former White House linguist .
US presidential translators will have passed security clearances , background checks and even sat polygraph tests , before they become privy to sensitive information involved in high-level diplomacy .
`` There are no novices that work at the presidential level , '' says Mr Hendzel . `` It takes a great deal of time for an interpreter to reach this stage . They are also experts in the subject matter , and they know getting a form of address wrong can be a deal breaker . ''
'I am Hillary Clinton , honestly , I am '
`` It 's apples and oranges when you are comparing transitional calls by a president-elect to those of a head of state in the Oval Office , '' says Mr Yates .
Once Mr Trump is in the hot seat , all his calls will be highly secure and heavily vetted .
`` The president will feel like he has just picked up the phone , like any other call , but the call will have been through multiple checks to ensure its fidelity , '' says Mr Yates .
Sometimes this vetting process can be so tight , the wrong people get cut off . `` I am fighting w [ ith ] the WH operator who does n't believe I am who I say , '' wrote exasperated Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in a 2010 email .
Presidents get pranked , too
Prank calls to presidents are rare , but not unheard of .
Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy fell victim to hoax in January , when a radio presenter phoned imitating the new separatist leader of Catalonia .
In 2003 , a US radio station based in Miami scored the double , when it tricked both the then Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and his close ally , the former leader of Cuba , Fidel Castro .
Radio El Zol first called Chavez , pretending to be Castro , and then called Castro masquerading as Chavez . When the Cuban realised he had been tricked , he unleashed a torrent of swearwords .
The hotline that is not a phone
The Moscow-Washington hotline , often referred to the `` red telephone '' , is a special , highly secure system that allows direct communication between the leaders of the United States and Russia .
`` Contrary to the myths , it 's not actually a phone , '' explains Kevin Hendzel , who worked as senior technical linguist on the project in the 1980s .
The line , used to send text and images ( maps , diagrams etc ) , was developed after the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis , when the two countries came close to a nuclear war .
It remains an open channel , allowing instant communication if needed . `` Because when it comes to nuclear missiles , everything is measured in minutes , '' says Mr Hendzel .
It may sound like a gruesome technique used by a vampire to get his daily fix .
But top executives in Silicon Valley are turning to blood from young people in the search for the 'biological fountain of youth . '
Early studies have suggested that the parabiosis procedure , which involves the transfusion of blood plasma from a young donor , can have age-reversing effects on the body - but it will cost you $ 8,000 .
Larry Ellison , 73 , co-founder of Oracle , is investing in start-ups working on the 'age-reversing ' technique , according to The Times .
Speaking to his biographer , Mr Ellison once said : 'Death has never made any sense to me . '
Ambrosia , a start-up based in San Fransisco , offers plasma infusions at $ 8,000 for just two litres , to anyone aged over 35 .
The firm sources the blood plasma - which comes from 16-25 year olds - from blood banks .
Speaking to The Times , Ms Jesse Karmazin , founder of Ambrosia , said : 'Our first clients were biotech chief executives .
'Now it 's broader . More men , mostly in their sixties , though it ranges from thirties to nineties .
'About 10-15 percent are really into 'biohacking ' and will be doing other treatments , diets etc . '
Scientists first experimented with parabiosis in the 1950s , and in recent years , it 's begun to gain attention once again .
In the organ systems of both animals and humans , the procedure has been found to reverse the symptoms of aging .
But scientists do n't yet understand all of the mechanisms at work .
Ms Karamazin explained to Inc that the blood of a young organism is rich with proteins that improve cell function , and can spur the production of these proteins in the recipient 's body .
And , the researcher says this effect appears to be 'almost permanent . '
Britain 's first ever fast pedestrian lane has opened in Liverpool city centre - following research that claims 47 % of the nation finds slow walking the most annoying aspect of high-street shopping .
Opening on the city 's St John Street , the fast lanes will allow users to speed through the crowds while perusing the three-storey Liverpool One shopping centre .
The research , conducted by Argos , also revealed shoppers hated battling through crowds , people chatting in the middle of the street and pavement hoggers .
However , it seems the idea of fast lanes is more popular with younger shoppers than the old , as 69 % of the 16 to 24 year-olds surveyed were in favour of fast lanes , while only 37 % of over-55s backed the plan .
The most popular reason for supporting the lanes was to avoid wasting time , with 31 per cent of shoppers saying they were annoyed by people blocking the pavement .
People checking phones was also a frustration for 18 per cent of those surveyed .
In 2014 , National Geographic conducted a social experiment by introducing separate lanes for pedestrians who wanted to use mobile phones and those who did n't , the Daily Mail reported .
Although some people stopped to take pictures of the markings - on their mobile phones - they were mostly ignored .
I almost never watch table tennis . But when I sat down to watch the Rio Olympics women 's finals happen in front of me , I was drawn in . Swoosh , spin , smash , and swing . Oh , you thought she was going to hit it this way ? Nope , it 's a smash to the other side . What is she thinking of next ?
While I was captivated by the fast-paced match , I could n't help but notice the age of my fellow audience members . A look around the arena told me they ranged from mid-30s to graying hair . Where are the young people ?
Organizations from across the spectrum are trying hard to appeal to the younger generation . The International Table Tennis Federation is no exception . To find out more about the lack of youth interest , I talked to the ITTF marketing director Steve Dainton .
I wonder why millennials like me do n't keep up with table tennis . He thinks it 's because professional table tennis is too complicated . The format is too formal and the technicalities are n't exactly easy to understand .
`` The IOC was telling us we need to appeal to the youth , '' Dainton said , `` But we ca n't just expect young people to like what we 're doing . We have to do what young people like . ''
The ITTF are planning on something quite different to lure young people in . It 's called Table Tennis X or just TTX . With DJs and maybe alcohol , TTX plans to host lively social events . It can be a night out with your squad on the beach or in a downtown bar . People will basically play amateur table tennis with fewer rules , easier equipment , and more color . You get a bigger ball and a personalized paddle , so no more just black or red .
I must say , traditional table tennis does not have the most pleasing aesthetics . Even though I suck at table tennis and would never make it to the top in TTX , I 'll just design a paddle prettier than my opponents and beat their sense of style . Plus , participation is key .
`` This is not for the table tennis people , '' Dainton added , `` This is for the outsiders—people who are playing in the basement , the champion of the street , or people who think they are the best . ''
I could think of a few people off the top of my head that think they 're on fire at table tennis . Are they really ? I know they would love the challenge to prove themselves .
To be honest , when I first heard Dainton talking about it , it sounded to me like some middle-aged people trying to sound hip and cool . Now I 'm starting to picture TTX and I can see it as a something my friends and I would give a shot at . Maybe even an activity we look forward to .
The TTX project is still in its initial stages . The website and the idea are up , but not much more . The next step is for ITTF is to come up with the event structure .
But something tells me that there needs to be more to it than just changing the format of table tennis if you want to appeal to millennials . There actually is interest in table tennis among us , but for some reason , it is n't carrying through beyond game rooms and basements . A lot of my friends love playing table tennis and watching other people play , but we 've never followed the professional games . Furthermore , now fewer millennials are hoping to participate in table tennis , professionally or not . The decrease is especially noticeable in youth from China , the country that currently dominates table tennis . Why is that ?
I also have a feeling the complexity of professional table tennis is n't the only problem . After watching the women 's finals , I went to watch fencing , another one-on-one sport . Fencing is by no means easy to understand , and the technicalities are much more complicated than I have space here to explain . But fencing has been growing in popularity significantly , especially among young people . At fencing events , I often sit in the crowd among other young people , many of who do n't really understand the rules but love to watch . We have heated discussions and it 's always a blast .
But this increase in popularity is n't happening with table tennis and some other sports that young people really should be interested in . How can you successfully appeal to my generation ? I do n't know , but a good place to start is keeping an open mind to new ideas and change .
To sustain the flame of the Olympic Movement , we will have to hand the torch on to the future generation . We can begin by kindling their passion for sports .
The opinions expressed here are those of the writer and do n't represent views of China Daily website .
Bored at work ? Try suing your employer .
That 's what Parisian Frederic Desnard is doing . He has taken his former employer Interparfums to court because his job was too boring .
He is demanding 360,000 euros in damages for the distress .
Desnard , 44 , worked for the company between 2010 and 2014 . He claims his dull job , from which he was made laid off 18 months ago , caused him to suffer a “ bore out ” that led to serious emotional and health issues .
“ He suffered from a critical depression and had a traffic accident linked to an epileptic seizure…he fell into a coma and was on a sick leave , ” said Montasser Charni , Desnard 's lawyer .
Desnard was paid 3,500 euros per month , for doing — he said — nothing .
His official job title was “ general service director , ” but he claims his superiors called him “ the boy ” and asked him to do their personal chores , including picking up kids from sports lessons .
He said that eventually there was so little for him to do that his bosses simply told him to go home and come back when they call him . The phone call never came , he claimed .
Desnard 's lawyer said “ bore-out ” is a form of harassment .
“ It can be defined as a moral exhaustion due to the total lack of caseload , ( and ) it comes with a feeling of shame of being paid to do nothing , ” Charni said .
The company disputes Desnard 's claims . “ We refute all these charges , ” said Cyril Levy-Pey , the company 's communication director . He said Desnard was never called “ the boy ” or any other humiliating names .
“ He was n't so motivated after several years and despite our attempts to give him more missions , he was missing ( for ) more than six months…That 's why he was dismissed in 2014 , ” he said .
The case is now being considered by a labor tribunal in Paris , with the decision expected in late July .
If you usually doze off with your back to your partner and a gaping space between you , you 'll be pleased to hear you 're not alone .
A new study into the most common sleep positions for couples revealed the 'liberty ' position , sleeping back-to-back without touching , was most popular with 27 per cent of couples pinpointing it as their regular nighttime stance .
It may not ring of romance but relationship psychologist Corrine Sweet , who carried out the study on behalf of bed specialist Dreams , believes there 's hidden clues to a strong relationship in the non-tactile pose .
'It shows the couple is connected and secure , ' says Ms Sweet , who says sleep positions can speak volumes about the state of a relationship .
So what does your sleep stance say about your relationship ?
Liberty : Back-to-back without touching
Some 27 per cent sleep in this position with plenty of space keeping them apart . Ms Sweet said that couples who adopt the Liberty are : 'Connected and secure in themselves , this position shows both closeness and independence in the relationship . '
Cherish : Back-to-back touching
'A quarter of pairs ( 23 per cent ) like to sleep separately , facing different directions - and is often a sign of a new romance .
Ms Sweet said that it means that , 'both partners are relaxed and comfortable with one another – this is often common in new relationships . '
Spooning : Front-to-back touching
The classic loving sleep position although one of the most famous , is only adopted by a fifth ( 18 per cent ) of couples .
Ms Sweet said it 's a 'traditional position ' and demonstrates a dynamic , 'where one partner takes a protective stance over the other . '
Lovers ’ knot : Face-to-face
The most complex position in which a couple lies facing each other , with their legs and arms intertwined for ten minutes before they separate , is a sign of relationship strength .
Yet only eight per cent adopt this complex position . Ms Sweet said it 's , 'a compromise between intimacy and independence , allowing for the best of both worlds . '
Superhero : Starfish position
Women may hold out for a hero but when it comes to going to bed it 's the last thing you need .
Some three per cent of selfish sleepers adopt the starfish position , pushing the other partner so they 're hanging off the bed .
Ms Sweet 's verdict is that : 'One partner dominates the space , while the other takes a secondary role . '
The romantic : Resting head on chest
This intimate posture , in which one partner rests their head on their partner 's chest , while their legs are intertwined is often seen in early relationships .
Adopted by four per cent of couples Ms Sweet explained it 'represents vibrant , passionate or rekindled love . '
Pillow talk : Face-to-face without touching
With space between them but their bodies mirroring each other , only three per cent of couples lie in the pillow talk position .
But Ms Sweet noted that it could indicate an emotionally demanding union . 'This position shows a need for intimacy and close communication . '
The Lovers : Face-to-face with legs intertwined all night
There 's a reason only two per cent of pairs sleep lying so closely intertwined . Ms Sweet said that although it 's 'romantic and very intimate , this position also shows a lack of independence from each other . '
Despite sleep studies showing that 94 per cent of couples who spend the night in contact with each other are happy with their relationship , Ms Sweet believes autonomy in the bedroom is no bad thing .
And considering 25 per cent of couples argue in bed because they are kept awake by their partners , it 's no surprise one in five British couples choose to sleep in separate beds .
Physiotherapist Sammy Margo , author of The Good Sleep Guide , also believes couples should not resist sleeping apart if it means a better night 's sleep .
She said : 'More often than not sleeping separately has nothing to do with a couple 's relationship and everything to do with their urgent need for a better night 's sleep .
'Often it starts when one partner has an episode of illness , such as a cough , heavy cold or back pain , and moves temporarily to another room so as not to disturb their partner ( or in some cases to the sofa ) and they both enjoy such a good night ’ s sleep that they decide to keep it that way .
She also point out that men and women sleep differently : 'Men spend more time in stage one sleep and women spend more time in slow wave sleep .
'Hormonal fluctuations due to the menstrual cycle can also disrupt sleep for many women , not to mention the fact that women with curves have different mattress needs to men without curves .
'In short , men and women have different sleep needs .
'Statistics show that people who sleep poorly have a higher divorce rate - so if you persist in sharing a bed despite having your sleep disrupted , you risk not just poor performance at work , reduced concentration and poor health but problems in your relationship . '
Thanks to these new sneakers , you don ’ t need to wait for space tourism to take off to experience walking on the moon . Aptly named ‘ MoonWalker ’ , these shoes rely on magnets to allegedly simulate walking in a low-gravity environment .
On their Indiegogo campaign page , startup Moonshine Crea reveals that the ingenious shoes are made from an “ incredibly durable yet soft and breathable ” synthetic fabric on the outside , while the inside is made of a DuPont Tyvek synthetic polyethylene used by NASA in space station modules . The sole , made of memory foam , is designed to perfectly fit the unique shape of each wearer ’ s foot .
So far the shoes seem like regular sneakers , but what sets the MoonWalkers apart are the two special layers hidden beneath the memory foam , which are embedded with the world ’ s most powerful magnets . According to the company , “ each layer is made up of powerful N45 magnets that are strategically placed so the north poles face each other . This creates a repellant force , which leaves you light on your feet and happy as an astronaut . ”
Speaking to Live Science , mechanical engineer Patrick Jreijiri , the brains behind MoonWalker , explained that the strength of a magnet depends on its composition – a mix of neodymium , iron , and boron . So he chose N45 , which is not only the strongest but also cheaper than most magnets . The pieces he chose for the shoe range from 2.5 to 5 cm in diameter , and are capable of moving 12 to 24 kilograms of material each .
The two special layers , embedded with 12 to 13 magnets each are arranged in such a way that the north poles of the magnets face each other . These poles repel each other , creating a gap , or force field , between the layers . So when the wearer ’ s foot pushes against the combined strength of the magnets , the gap will act as a cushion , keeping the wearer suspended in space . Of course , there ’ s a limit to how much weight the magnets can withstand and in the case of MoonWalkers that limit is 183 kilograms .
If the Indiegogo campaign is any indication , the idea of levitating shoes is extremely popular . The company managed to raise a whopping $ 212,177 , which is 990 % of their original goal . Shipping will begin later this summer , in a variety of colors and adult sizes , priced between $ 89 and $ 139 . One version will come with an e-ink display similar to the ShiftWear sneakers .
MoonWalkers sound great , but we ’ re kind of disappointed that Moonshine Crea hasn ’ t released a live demo of the sneakers in action . We ’ ll just have to hope that they actually work as promised .
Time magazine on Wednesday named German Chancellor Angela Merkel as its person of the year for 2015 , hailing her leadership during debt and refugee crises that threatened to tear the European Union apart .
In power for a decade at the helm of Europe 's biggest economy , the world 's most powerful woman beat runners-up , the leader of the Islamic State extremist group and Donald Trump as Time 's dominant personality of the year .
`` For asking more of her country than most politicians would dare , for standing firm against tyranny as well as expedience and for providing steadfast moral leadership in a world where it is in short supply , Angela Merkel is Time 's Person of the Year , '' wrote editor Nancy Gibbs .
The person of the year accolade acknowledges what the magazine considers to be the world 's biggest newsmaker , or influential mover .
Time magazine lauded Merkel as the indispensable player in managing the prospect of Greek bankruptcy , and the migrant and refugee crisis .
Since the tradition began in 1927 , Merkel is only the fourth woman to win . Last year , healthcare workers treating the Ebola epidemic were honored . In 2013 , it was Pope Francis . US President Barack Obama has won twice .
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , leader of the IS extremist group , US Republican presidential candidate Trump , America 's Black Lives Matter activists and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani were named by Time as runners up .
It is the world ’ s favorite color - but nobody can decide whether it is actually blue or green .
The shade was chosen after a six-month global survey and named Marrs green , after Annie Marrs , a UNESCO worker from Dundee .
Miss Marrs , a fine arts graduate said she picked the shade to match the rich blue , grey and green tones which ‘ dance ’ on the River Tay , in her home city .
The competition organized by Hull 2017 UK City of Culture and paper merchant GF Smith invited people to select their favorite shade online by hovering over an infinite palette of shades with their mouse until they landed on the color they found most appealing .
The results of 30,000 people across 100 countries were then combined to find out which was the most popular , and Miss Marrs ’ shade was the closest to the overall consensus .
But color experts said although the shade has been called a green , it would not be incorrect to view it as a shade of blue .
Peter Giles , a color adviser at Farrow & amp ; Ball , said : `` It 's almost a teal color . We have a color called Vardo which is more earthier compared to that but this is obviously more vibrant and bright ; you could almost say it ( Marrs Green ) was more of an aqua color .
`` It 's one of those that could be either green or blue depending on who you ask '' .
Miss Marrs travelled to Hull to celebrate the launch of the new color at a pop-up shop in the city centre , where well-known British brands such as satchels from the Cambridge Satchel Company and Anglepoise lamps were reproduced in the new color .
In a happy coincidence the color was announced by Hull 2017 Chief Executive Martin Green .
Caroline Till , Editor of Viewpoint color Magazine , said : “ In these uncertain times , where political and social upheaval has become the norm , we crave the calming tranquility of green and its association with the reassuring certainty of nature ’ s cycles . ”
In 2015 , a YouGov survey revealed that blue was the world 's favorite color in a series of surveys covering 9 countries across four continents .
The polls took place in the UK , Germany , USA , Australia , China , Malaysia , Singapore , Thailand and Indonesia - in all of them , blue convincingly came out on top .
The Indian government may use 3D paintings as virtual speed-breakers on major highways and roads , in a bid to check speeding and rash driving , and ultimately make its deadly roads a little safer .
`` We are trying out 3D paintings used as virtual speed breakers to avoid unnecessary requirements of speed breakers , '' India 's transport minister Nitin Gadkari tweeted .
The optical illusions are supposed to encourage drivers to slow down automatically . Earlier this month , India had ordered the removal of all speed breakers from highways , which are considered to be a safety hazard for high-speed vehicles .
India has the highest number of road accident deaths in the world . According to the World Health Organisation , over 200,000 people are killed by road accidents due to poor implementation of road safety laws . This is considerably higher than its official figures of 141,526 for 2014 .
The use of optical illusions as speed breakers was first pioneered in the American city of Philadelphia in 2008 , as part of a campaign against speeding motorists . The technique has also been tried out in China to create floating 3D crossings .
In India , cities such as Ahmedabad and Chennai have already experimented with 3D zebra crossings in the last one year . In Ahmedabad for instance , a mother-daughter artist duo has painted 3D crosswalks in the first few months of 2016 . The artists say their motto is `` to increase the attention of drivers '' , and that the concept has been successfully tested in accident-prone zones on a highway .
However , critics argue that once drivers know that these speed breakers are visual illusions , they may ignore them . Others also point out that India 's decision does not consider the safety of a large number of pedestrians . In the end , the new policy may be just one step towards improving road safety .
It 's said that love has no limits , but how far can a person really go to express their feelings ?
Apparently , all the way to the stratosphere .
When the time came for Shawn Wright of Calgary , Alberta to solidify his marriage proposal to his fiancée , doing it on Earth simply was n't enough .
So , he strapped the engagement ring to a weather balloon and launched it 30 kilometres into the sky .
Wright first proposed to his fiancée , Maylynn Stephenson , last year during a trip to Barcelona according to The Huffington Post Alberta .
The two have been together for six years , and have known each other for 20 .
While the beachside proposal , which followed a day of skydiving , was 'incredible , ' Wright did not yet have a ring , and had to use a stand-by .
Upon returning home , the husband-to-be began saving money for a ring , and planning an unforgettable way to present it .
'As soon as I started saving up for the real ring , I started thinking , 'What could I do ? ' Wright told The Huffington Post Alberta .
In order to send the ring space-bound , Wright built a specialized craft to carry it safely high above the Earth , and deliver it back to a point near its Canadian starting place .
The ring was strapped to a wooden spatula , which was then tied to a high-altitude weather balloon . Wright also equipped the craft with a radio transmitter and GPS , and a Go-Pro to capture the view .
After launching , the ring journeyed for four hours before landing 300 kilometres away from where it began .
Wright retrieved the ring from the edge of a pond in Taber , Alta , and showed the video to his fiancée .
'For the past few months I have n't really been working late , and I have n't been working weekends . I have been working on a secret project for you , ' Wright said in a video .
'I love you very much , and I really hope you think it 's out of this world . '
Stephenson was delighted by the proposal , according to The Huffington Post Alberta , and she said yes .
The couple will tie the knot next year in Bali .
They say chocolate makes everything better , and apparently premium wagyu beef is no exception . For the past 10 years , the Mayura Station Farm in southern Australia has been feeding its full-blood wagyu cattle chocolate and other sweets mixed with their regular feed , and the results have been spectacular .
When Scott de Bruin , managing partner at Mayura Station , returned to his father 's farm in the Limestone coast of Australia , in 1998 , he knew he wanted to do something special to make their beef stand out from that of other luxury cattle farms around the world . But he did n't know exactly how he was going to do that , so he consulted a cattle nutrition specialist from Japan and spent two years experimenting with different feed before deciding on the final daily ration for his wagyu cows – a special mix of regular feed , chocolate , gummy bears , strawberries and cream flavored gummy snakes . Each cow eats up to 2 kilograms of ground and partially broken chocolate delivered by Cadbury 's every day .
Adding chocolate to the daily diet of cows at Mayura Station started out as a simple experiment , but it ended up making their luxury beef one of the most appreciated in the world . “ Many of my customers come to enjoy Mayura beef two to three times a week . They love how the beef has the perfect balance of fat , rich flavor and tender texture , ” Michelin star chef Umberto Bombana told Forbes Magazine .
Shane Osborn , Head Chef and Co-Owner of Arcane Restaurant in Hong Kong , added that its unique sweetness , hint of nuttiness and buttery texture make Mayura beef “ the ultimate steak ” .
Although he first started feeding his cattle chocolate in 2006 , Scott de Bruin claims that he only realized how important it was to the quality of the meat in 2010 , when he decided to take it out of the animals ' diet to make the meat pinker and more marbled . Two months later , clients started phoning in and asking 'What have you done ? Your Wagyu does n't taste like it used to anymore ' . So de Bruin immediately reverted to including chocolates again .
De Bruin says he begins feeding calves chocolate when they are 30 months old , but only a bit of it , with the ration increasing the closer they get to the slaughterhouse . “ The last two rations are about producing as much marbling as we possibly can , so that 's why they consume such a high-calorie ration , ” he said .
Asked if the milk chocolate has a negative effect on the cattle 's health , Scott de Bruin says “ No , unlike humans – who may start eating chocolates at a very young age for over several decades – these cattle ( raised on chocolates for only four months ) wo n't see the long-term negative effects of chocolates in their system . ”
“ People ask me about the ethics of feeding chocolate to cows . But they 're not on a long timeline here , they are going to go to baby cow heaven soon , but this way they are happier and taste better , ” the Mayura Station manager said . “ All I can say is that in those last four months , they are really , really happy cows . ”
As you can imagine , Mayura luxury beef is not cheap . Forbes reports that a 10.5oz-steak sells for $ 288 , but those who can afford it claim it 's worth every penny .
Interestingly , feeding cattle chocolate and other sweets is not unheard of . In 2012 , a surge in corn prices forced farmers to feed their cows chocolate , gummy sweets and marshmallows , since their four stomachs help them digest pretty much anything , but Mayura Station is the only one using the unusual feed to enhance the flavor of the beef .
A new `` smart bin '' could spell the end of environment-conscious families spending hours sorting tins , cartons , bottles , and cardboard for recycling .
The invention , which automatically sorts rubbish into recycling categories , is being trialed in Poland and is set to go on sale in UK within a few years .
The bin , designed by start-up company Bin.E , recognizes different type of waste via a system positioned inside the bin which uses sensors , image recognition and artificial intelligence .
Once waste is placed inside , the camera and sensors identify its type and place it in one of the smaller bins . Then it compresses the waste so it occupies less space .
News of the launch comes after this newspaper revealed that more than a million households are being forced to accept bin collections every three or four weeks , because councils are trying to force them to recycle more .
Data compiled by The Telegraph has revealed at least 18 councils have moved or will shortly be moving to three-weekly rubbish collections , while a further three have adopted or are trialing four-weekly collections .
While reducing general bin collections councils are increasing the frequency of recycling collections in a bid to change people 's behaviour .
It is thought that the bin could be stocked by department stores such as John Lewis , which said it is introducing new hi-tech recycling bins to satisfy increasing customer appetite for them .
Matt Thomas , utility buyer at John Lewis , said : `` We ’ ve recently seen a jump in specialist bins sales , with a 25 percent increase in the last few months alone . We have noticed our customers are becoming more and more sustainability focused , opting for dual compartment recycling bins that make it far easier to recycle different types of waste .
`` In response to this demand , we are really excited to introduce a new voice and sensor activated smart bin this autumn/winter season – designed to use innovative technology to make recycling more efficient and functional for the everyday home . ''
Bin.E 's official release on the market will take place in 2018 , however at first only a larger version designed for offices will be available .
The office bin will retail at £430 while corporate customers will need to pay a £107 subscription fee for an accompanying smartphone app , which hooks them up with collection services .
A spokesman at Bin.E said the home version of the bin will be cheaper and will not include a monthly payment .
They added : `` After the office version , we plan to create an outdoor version and later the home version . We decided to go for the outdoor version for public areas first because it is more difficult to organize an efficient waste segregating system than in our homes . ''
Nicolas Sarkozy has announced he will seek his party ’ s nomination to stand in next year ’ s French presidential election .
The rightwinger , who was nicknamed “ the hyper-president ” for his frenetic term in power from 2007 to 2012 , had made no secret of his ambition to reconquer the Élysée palace and avenge his 2012 defeat by the Socialist François Hollande .
After weeks of suspense in which he grabbed media headlines by presenting an increasingly hardline stance on national identity and the place of Islam in France , Sarkozy launched his campaign with an announcement on social media and a link to the first chapter of a book , Everything for France , which he will publish this week .
“ The next five years will be filled with danger but also with hope , ” he wrote . He listed what he said were the five major challenges facing France , including defending French identity , restoring lost competitiveness and enforcing state authority .
Sarkozy said France ’ s “ top battle ” was over how “ to defend our lifestyle without being tempted to cut ourselves off from the rest of the world ” .
In his fight to win his party ’ s nomination , the 61-year-old candidate is putting forward a platform of policies that veer even further to the far right than in 2012 , when he set out to win over voters from Marine Le Pen ’ s Front National .
He wants to ban the Muslim headscarf from universities and public companies , limit the French nationality rights of children born to foreign parents , and ban pork-free options in school canteens , meaning Muslim and Jewish children would no longer be offered a substitute meal .
He has also scoffed at what he called “ legal niceties ” in the fight against terrorism , prompting the left to warn that his treatment of suspected jihadis could be akin to that of Guantánamo Bay .
For the first time , the French right and centre is holding an open contest to choose its presidential candidate . Anyone on the electoral register can vote if they pay €2 ( £1.72 ) and sign a pledge saying they adhere to “ the values of the right and centre ” . Up to three or four million people could turn out to vote in the two-round ballot on 20 and 27 November .
Sarkozy is the challenger and not the favourite in the right ’ s primary race . The leader in the polls and currently France ’ s favourite politician is Alain Juppé , the mayor of Bordeaux and a former prime minister , who served as Sarkozy ’ s foreign minister .
Juppé , 71 , has undergone a staggering image transformation . Twenty years ago he was the most loathed prime minister in modern times after his pension changes brought 2 million people on to the streets in protest . Now he is seen as a calm , elder statesman and a moderate , pushing pro-business structural reform and less divisive on identity issues .
Sarkozy believes that the climate of fear and anxiety in France after the deaths of more than 230 people in terrorist attacks claimed by Islamists in the past 19 months means the nation needs a man of authority such as himself .
One hurdle for Sarkozy beyond winning over right and centre-right sympathisers is his lasting unpopularity among the wider French population who still dislike his abrasive personality and his hard-to-shake-off label of “ president of the rich ” .
He must also get around his lacklustre economic record in office – he promised to restore the values of work and reward , yet left France with many more unemployed – as well as judicial investigations into party financing relating to his 2012 presidential campaign , in which he denies any wrongdoing .
If you ca n't seem to kick that awful nail-biting habit , you might as well get some flavor out of it with KFC 's new chicken-flavored edible nail polish . It comes in two different flavors – `` Original '' ( beige ) , and `` Hot & amp ; Spicy '' ( red ) , and is quite literally `` Finger Lickin ' Good '' !
The product was developed by marketing firm Ogilvy & amp ; Mather for KFC Hong Kong , in collaboration with the company that provides KFC 's blend of herbs and spices . `` Yes , it 's actually a real thing , '' confirmed Ogilvy & amp ; Mather employee Anna Mugglestone . `` It takes like chicken . It 's crazy . ''
Each `` flavor '' of nail polish comes packaged in a `` designer bottle and box '' ( no bucket , sadly ) . Customers can paint their nails with the product and proceed to lick their fingertips `` again and again and again , '' to enjoy the flavors of KFC anytime , anywhere . And if you 're worried about safety , the chain claims that the product is `` sourced from natural ingredients '' .
`` The recipe for our edible nail polish is unique and was specifically designed to hold the flavor , but to also dry with a glossy coat similar to normal nail polish , '' said Ogilvy & amp ; Mather creative director John Koay . `` This campaign is designed to be intriguing and fun to increase excitement around the KFC brand in Hong Kong . ''
Not everyone is impressed with the idea , though , going by the comments on social media following the product announcement . `` Just when you thought KFC could n't possibly come up with something more disgusting than the Double Down Dog , '' a Twitter user wrote .
`` That is so disgusting , '' wrote another , in response to the company 's promotional music video on YouTube . `` Bet it will lead to an outbreak of something . There is so much nastiness on people 's hands , esp the nails ! People do not wash their hands as often as they should . ''
What is the cosmological effect of singer Zayn Malik leaving the best-selling boy band One Direction and consequently disappointing millions of teenage girls around the world ?
The advice of British cosmologist Stephen Hawking to heartbroken fans is to follow theoretical physics , because Malik may well still be a member of the pop group in another universe .
The physicist took a break from speaking about his work as one of the world 's leading scientists to answer the question from one upset fan during a talk at Sydney Opera House at the weekend .
`` Finally a question about something important , '' Hawking , who appeared via hologram , said to loud laughs from the audience .
`` My advice to any heartbroken young girl is to pay attention to the study of theoretical physics because , one day , there may well be proof of multiple universes .
`` It would not be beyond the realms of possibility that somewhere outside of our own universe lies another , different universe and , in that universe , Zayn is still in One Direction . ''
The wheelchair-bound scientist , who was diagnosed with motor neurone disease at the age of 21 , appeared at the talk in the form of a hologram streamed from Cambridge , England .
Now 73 , he is known for his work on black holes and his international bestseller `` A Brief History of Time '' .
Malik quit the band last month , saying he wanted to live a normal life after five years of touring and performing .
A woman has told how she has been forced to change her name by deed poll to match her `` ridiculous '' Facebook pseudonym after being locked out of her account .
Jemma Rogers , 30 , a holistic therapist , from Lewisham , south-east London , set up a profile on the social network in 2008 .
Wanting to avoid annoying friend requests from old friends and strangers , she created the profile under the pseudonym Jemmaroid Von Laalaa .
But last month she got a message from Facebook asking her to send identification to prove it was a genuine name and account .
Confused but worried she 'd be locked out , Jemma admits she desperately tried to photoshop her bank cards to prove that was her real name .
One day later , Jemma 's account was suspended and she could n't get in .
She emailed Facebook explaining what she 'd done and sent over her real ID - begging them to let her back in .
But she was told they could not confirm her identity and her account was suspended .
In a desperate bid to get the profile back , she changed her name by deed poll and is now officially Ms Von Laalaa .
What 's more , despite her extreme efforts , she 's still locked out of her account even after sending over her new ID to Facebook .
Jemma , who 's single , said : `` I know I 've been a completely moron , but Facebook are being ridiculous . I 've been locked out of my account for five weeks now and have lost all of my photos , messages and precious memories .
`` So many people set up accounts in fake names so random people ca n't add them or so they do n't have to awkwardly decline requests from people they know but do n't want to be 'friends ' with .
`` But Facebook have been over the top , they should be able to tell it 's a genuine account but just under a fake name , I ca n't believe I am being punished like this . ''
Poor Jemma has even had to order bank cards and a driving license with her new name on them .
Despite sending the documents over to Facebook , she has only received automated responses saying they will 'look into ' her problem .
She said : `` I ca n't believe I 'm stuck with this stupid name and I still ca n't get into my Facebook .
`` It 's ludicrous and I am embarrassed to tell people what has happened .
`` What if a victim of abuse wants to have Facebook but does n't want people to find her , so sets it up with a pseudonym ? Facebook have too much power and it 's actually quite scary . ''
Commenting on the news , a Facebook spokesperson said : “ Facebook asks people to use their authentic names , as we believe this makes people more accountable for what they say . In this instance we made a mistake but we reactivated the account last week . We apologise for any inconvenience that this caused . ''
Career women have long been thought to be putting motherhood on ice because they choose their job over a baby .
However , most women who freeze their eggs are doing so not because of their career but because they can not find a similarly successful man .
The claim was made following reports that women are a third more likely to attend university than men in the UK .
Their problem , according to US and Israeli researchers , is that they are unable to find similarly clever , driven men because fewer males are entering higher education .
Their findings have been backed up by British fertility clinics .
The study 's author Marcia Inhorn , professor of anthropology at Yale University , said of women who freeze their eggs : 'There are not enough graduates for them . In simple terms , this is about an oversupply of educated women .
'In China they call them `` leftover women '' . '
Professor Geeta Nargund , medical director of Create Fertility , said : 'Women tell us frequently that they are freezing their eggs because the men they meet feel threatened by their success and so are unwilling to commit to starting a family together . '
Freezing eggs as an 'insurance policy '
In western countries soaring numbers of women are freezing their eggs as an 'insurance policy ' to beat their biological clock .
The latest study examined 150 women in the US and Israel , more than 90 percent of whom said they were not intentionally 'postponing ' their fertility because of their education or career .
Rather , they were desperately 'preserving ' their fertility before their eggs ran low and they lost their chance to have a child , because they were single or without a man to marry .
More university educated women than men
Last year 30,015 more women aged 18 were accepted for university in the UK than men of the same age , according to UCAS .
In that year , 56 percent of acceptances were for females .
Up until 2014 , 3,676 women in Britain had opted to have their eggs frozen , with experts saying it is now more popular than ever .
University admissions service UCAS said while 36.8 percent of women entered higher education in 2016 , the figure for men was 27.2 percent , with more women than men on two-thirds of courses .
The gender gap for higher education is now as large as that between rich and poor people , which was described as a 'worrying inequality ' by former UCAS chief executive Mary Curnock-Cook .
What the experts say
Describing the phenomenon , Professor Inhorn said : 'This is an issue that has been misinterpreted so much - this idea of a selfish career woman , putting her fertlility on hold . '
She added : 'Maybe women need to be prepared to be more open to the idea of a relationship with someone not as educated .
'But also may be we need to be doing something about our boys and young men , to get them off to a better start . '
Professor Simon Fishel , founder of Care Fertility , said : 'Anthropologically we are always searching , consciously or unconsciously , for like-minded people so it is not a great leap to understand that women are looking for someone on the same level , who is university-educated or a professional .
'They certainly ask about that when looking for a sperm ( or egg ) donor , so it is likely to apply to a partner .
'This problem of `` missing men '' is absolutely the case in many situations in the UK , but there is a wider problem behind the increasing desire for egg freezing , not least about men and women being too unaware of their biological clocks . '
Scientists around the world are striving for effective detection of cancer in the early stages , and a Chinese scientist may have found a quick way of knowing whether malignant tumors exist in a patient 's body , with just one drop of blood .
Luo Yongzhang and his team in Tsinghua University 's School of Life Sciences in Beijing have successfully invented a reagent test kit of Hsp90α for clinical use , which can diagnose multiple kinds of cancer by analyzing a drop of human blood .
Malignant tumors in early phases can be cured but once they have spread all over the patient 's body there is no way to save the person 's life .
However , it 's extremely difficult to be aware of cancer in its early stages , as patients do n't show obvious symptoms , so to detect cancer early remains a global challenge for scientists .
Back in 1989 , scientists have found a kind of heat shock proteins ( HSP ) , named Hsp90α , which existed in human bodies and can be used as a cancer biomarker detection kit .
Scientists around the globe have been working on it since then , and more than 10,000 journals have been published on accredited magazines , yet no one has actually turned their research results into medical products .
However , Luo and his team seemed to have cracked the code , after working on the problem since 2009 . The team has produced an artificial Hsp90α protein that gains structural stability by regrouping proteins . This means they are able to `` create '' the protein , in any quantity , and at any time they wish to .
The kit has since been used in clinical trials involving 2,347 patients at eight hospitals in China . It was the first clinical trial in the world to test if the protein could be a useful tumor biomarker for lung cancer , and it succeeded .
Now , the kit has been certified to enter the Chinese and European markets , 24 years after Hsp90α was discovered .
Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body .
In 2015 , about 90.5 million people had cancer in the world , with roughly 14.1 million new cases occurring each year . Approximately 8.8 million human deaths , or 15.7 percent of all deaths in the world , are caused by cancer .
In China alone , 4.29 million people were detected as having cancer in 2015 , and 2.8 million of them died in that year .
Reebok Classics is offering free sneakers to New Balance owners who have begun trashing their own shoes over brand 's 'white supremacy ' controversy .
New Balance shoe owners began throwing away their sneakers or lighting them on fire last week , to protest after the company reportedly voiced support for President-elect Donald Trump .
Things got worse for the Boston-based brand after the alt-right website The Daily Stormer proclaimed New Balance the 'Official Shoes of White People ' .
New Balance have since tried to distance itself from its white supremacist support and released a statement on Monday saying it 'does not tolerate bigotry or hate in any form . '
But that has n't stopped furious New Balance customers trashing their shoes in protest against the athletic company 's election stance .
A Twitter user posted a quick video of their shoes engulfed in flames while on a sidewalk and wrote , 'good to know . I made a little bonfire tonight ... '
Other users on social media opted to post videos of them either throwing their shoes in trash cans or tossing them forcefully out of the window .
Now it appears rival brand Reebook Classic are also getting in on the action .
The firm has been offering free sneakers to New Balance owners posting videos of themselves flushing their shoes or throwing them away .
In one tweet , in response to a video of someone , unsuccessfully , trying to flush their New Balances down the toilet , Reebok Classics posted : 'Since it looks like your toilet may be clogged , shoot us a DM & amp ; we 'll send you some kicks to walk to the closest bathroom . '
Another , in response to a video of New Balance sneakers being thrown in the trash , Reebok Classics tweets : 'Hey Jared , looks like you 're down a pair of kicks ! Shoot us a DM , we 've got you covered . '
This is not the first time Reebok has got political .
In the run up to the election , the brand imagined Hillary Clinton 's iconic pantsuit with a Reebok twist .
Meanwhile the controversy against New Balance continues to rage .
Several former customers insisted on social media they wo n't be buying the brand any longer following its allegiance to Trump .
After Trump 's stunning victory , a spokesman for the company told Wall Street Journal on Wednesday : 'Frankly w/ Pres-Elect Trump we feel things are going to move in the right direction . '
The brief statement was picked up by popular sneaker site , Sole Collector , and was met with outrage by countless fans of the brand .
Numerous users pointed out Trump 's history of sexist , xenophobic and racist statements that he 's made throughout the years .
The company told Buzzfeed last week that the 'right direction ' quote was only in reference to the Trans-Pacific Partnership ( TPP ) agreement , and not any other policies Trump stands by .
Their support of Trump originated from the billionaire businessman 's opposition to the TPP trade deal that was promoted by President Obama , as a company spokesman said he 'turned a deaf ear . '
Not only the most wonderful time of the year , Christmas is , for most people , the most sociable .
With work parties , family get-togethers and trips to the pub to see old schoolmates all on the cards , it 's understandable that the majority of us want to look our best .
So that means maybe a quick trim and slick of new eyeshadow , right ?
Judging by recent trends , a new hair-do or some extra make-up is no longer going to cut it - if you really want to look good this party season , join the growing number of people getting cosmetic surgery for Christmas .
And one of the main reasons people are going under the knife ( or needle or syringe ) ? Selfies .
After all , if you did n't take a selfie at a social engagement , were you even really there ?
Unlike normal photos taken from a distance , selfies raise the risk of the dreaded under-eye dark circles , particularly at winter parties with overhead lighting .
For selfies with overhead lighting and holiday parties , the undereye really gets those dark circles accentuated , so that 's a big one , Dr Dara Liotta , a facial plastic and reconstructive surgeon from New York explains .
So the obvious solution is cosmetic surgery .
According to RealSelf 's community of board-certified experts , there 's an increasing number of people booking cosmetic procedures in the run-up to the festive season , both for non-invasive surgery like botox and more drastic operations like facelifts and breast enlargements .
Dr. Liotta has seen a particular rush for injectables before the Christmas parties get under way - that 's to say botox , under-eye and cheek fillers , and injection rhinoplasties .
Unlike a nose-job , Dr. Liotta ca n't actually make a nose smaller by carrying out an injection rhinoplasty , however she can make light hit it in a more flattering way .
If you have a bump in your nose , for example , Dr. Liotta can add filler above and below to make the line subtly smoother .
It 's just like having permanently contoured make-up on , apparently .
What 's more , as the stigma attached to cosmetic surgery has faded , more people are giving procedures as presents .
`` Plastic surgery is the new diamond '' , Dr. Liotta told Bravo .
If you are reading this sat at your desk , wishing you were anywhere else other than at work , you might think you share the same attitude towards your job as people around the world .
But more than seven in 10 of us don ’ t mind the daily grind and are actually pretty happy at work , according to the results of an annual survey .
The findings come from the latest well-being work barometer , carried out by Edenred-Ipsos , which questioned 14,400 employees in 15 countries around the world and found that 71 percent of people reported feeling positive about their work .
As you might expect , well-being at work came down to a mix of factors , including the working environment , how much people feel appreciated and how they feel about the work they do .
However , while the report found a high level of well-being overall , there were differences between countries .
Indian employees came out top of the pile , with 88 percent of workers reportedly feeling positive about their work . While Japan fared far worse , with just 44 percent of employees surveyed responding positively about their jobs .
The UK and China were on equal footing , with an average of 71 percent of workers scoring positively for workplace well-being , with the US nudging higher with 77 percent .
According to the team behind the annual survey , 10 items related to well-being at work were identified , broken down into three ‘ pillars ’ of ‘ environment ’ , ‘ appreciation ’ and ‘ emotion ’ .
They found that across all countries , environmental factors scored highest , including knowing what was required of them at work .
But employees across the world are falling short when it comes to appreciating their workers , as are ‘ emotion ’ -related scores – such as how much someone enjoys going to work in the morning and how interested they are in their job .
Trends emerged across countries in terms of what was most important to them . Well-being was most related to environment for Japan , Turkey , China , Italy and Poland .
In India , Mexico , Brazil and Chile , emotional factors such as enjoying coming to work and being stimulated by the job were most important .
While for Spain , the UK and the US , the three categories were more equal , with less emotional factors having an impact on well-being compared to employees in other nations .
Apple is exploring the idea of making iPhones in the US after Donald Trump 's victory in the presidential election raised the prospect of a crackdown on American companies that manufacture abroad .
Foxconn , the electronics giant that assembles the iPhone at enormous facilities in China , has been told to study how feasible it would be to move production to the US , according to reports in Asia .
Mr Trump repeatedly criticised Apple on the campaign trail for making its products abroad and has threatened to slap import tariffs of 45pc on Chinese goods . `` We 're going to get Apple to build their damn computers and things in this country instead of in other countries , '' he said in January .
Beijing cautioned Mr Trump against a trade war this week , with the state-run Global Times newspaper warning of a retaliation that would see sales of US goods including iPhones cut off in China .
`` A batch of Boeing orders will be replaced by ( France 's ) Airbus . US auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback , and US soybean and maize imports will be halted , '' it said .
Apple already assembles some high-end Mac computers in the US , but shifting the 200m iPhones it makes a year to the country would be a much more significant and costly undertaking .
The immediate impact of the switch could , however , be limited since the majority of the iPhone 's components are not made by Foxconn itself , but manufactured by suppliers and put together in China .
Estimates have suggested that the cost of assembling the iPhone in the US would only increase the cost of making the device by around $ 30 , much of it in additional transportation .
The Nikkei Asian Review reported that Apple had asked its two manufacturers , Foxconn and Pegatron , to assess the cost of US assembly in June - several months before the election - but that only Foxconn had complied .
The company may simply be assessing the measure to prove it would be prohibitively expensive , rather than seriously considering the matter . Apple did not comment .
2015 was a year in which Microsoft got its mojo working again , and Apple stumbled , slightly . A year when Mark Zuckerberg became a daddy and decided to give away all his money . It was the year Star Wars returned to glory and Marty McFly returned to the 21st century . And that buzzing sound you keep hearing ? Probably just a drone trying to take your picture .
As we crest a new yea , it ’ s high time for a look back best and worst of tech in 2015 .
1 . Internet meme of the year
Without a doubt , the biggest Internet meme of 2015 was The Dress . Whether you were on Team Blue/Black or rooting for Team White/Gold , you had an opinion as to what you were seeing , even if you couldn ’ t fully articulate why . According to a Buzzfeed poll conducted shortly after the meme swept across the Interwebs last February , 68 percent of viewers saw white and gold . The actual dress ? Blue and black .
2 . Emoji of the year
When Oxford Dictionaries ’ word of the year isn ’ t an actual word , you know 2015 is when emojis officially took over the planet.Oxford ’ s top pick was the “ Face with Tears of Joy. ” Don ’ t like this linguistic trend ? There ’ s an emoji for that , too .
3 . Most beloved person on the Net
Odin Camus , a teenager inOntario , Canada , received the most Internet love in 2015 — for one day at least . On his 13th birthday last March , Odin ’ s mother Melissa created a Facebook page asking strangers to wish him happy birthday after none of his classmates showed up to his party . The invite went viral , inspiring thousands of responses on Facebook , Twitter , and SMS , including several from celebrities , politicians , professional sports teams , and members ofCanada ’ s military . Later , hundreds of people threw a real birthday party for the autistic teen at a local bowling alley . Now the question is , what ’ s Melissa going to do for his 14th birthday ?
4 . Best use of a drone for a purpose that was in no way intended by its manufacturer
While unmanned aerial vehicles ( aka drones ) are used for all kinds of things their makers probably didn ’ t envision — including delivering holiday mistletoe , with sometimes disastrous consequences — it was the combination of a drone , a flamethrower , and a turkey on a spit that captures this year ’ s award . UAV hacker Austin Haughwout used this combo to cook his family ’ s Thanksgiving bird in hisConnecticutbackyard last month . We ’ re betting there weren ’ t many leftovers .
5 . Most overexposed person of 2015
Having received a Lifetime Achievement Award last year , the Kardashians are out of the running in this category , which leaves the next obvious choice : Taylor Swift . From publicly scolding Apple about its royalty policies ( which they immediately changed — how often does that happen ? ) to being named Billboard ’ s artist of the year , it was Tay Tay all the time in 2015 . We love ya , T-Swift ; we ’ d love you even more if you pulled an Adele and stepped out of the spotlight for a couple of years , just so we have time to finish going through all your Instagram photos .
6 . Most thoroughly disgusting but otherwise harmless tech invention
Crack two raw eggs into this maw of the Egg Master vertical grill , and this 12-inch-tall cylinder extrudes a fully cooked , disturbingly phallic tube of cholesterol that will put you off eggs forever .
7 . Biggest Internet meme of 2015 we will never grow tired of
Donald Trump ’ s hair . It ’ s the wispy ginger-colored gift that keeps on giving .
Foulmouthed , pansexual , and highly meta , Deadpool might be the outlier in superhero terms , but he is also the star of the most pirated movie of 2016 , according to figures compiled by filesharing news site TorrentFreak .
According to the site , precise figures are not available because , in the current reporting environment , it is more challenging to monitor downloads . But it says its estimates are based on several sources , including public BitTorrent trackers .
TorrentFreak says pirated versions of Deadpool emerged shortly before the films cinema release in February , and illegal downloads number in the millions . The film scored over $ 783m at the global box office .
Two more high-performing superhero films occupied second and third spots , with the popularity of Batman v Superman and Captain America : Civil War appearing to conform to the presumed comic-book sensibilities of torrent users . The former was released in March 2016 , the latter in April .
Two more comic-book adaptations X-Men Apocalypse and Suicide Squad also feature on the list .
The appetite for pirated films also appeared to run along box-office lines , although videogame adaptation Warcraft and Independence Day : Resurgence performed relatively poorly at the box office ( with , respectively , $ 386m and $ 389m globally ) , suggesting that piracy could have taken a significant bite out of revenues for both films .
The Revenant , at No 10 on the list , was notoriously posted on the internet before its release by former film studio employee William Kyle Morarity , who was convicted and fined $ 1.12m in October .
Top 10 most pirated films in 2016
1.Uniqlo made the uniforms for Japan 's Olympic team in 1998 , 2002 , and 2004 .
2.Uniqlo 's name comes from the words `` Unique Clothing , '' which throws back to the company 's original name , `` Unique Clothing Warehouse . ''
3.All retail associates at Uniqlo stores worldwide are trained to hand your credit card and receipt back with both hands , as it is common in Japan .
4.Founder Tadashi Yanai views Uniqlo as `` a technology company…not a fashion company . ''
5.Tadashi Yanai is also the richest person in Japan , with a net worth of $ 17.8 billion .
6.The country with the fewest Uniqlo stores ( ignoring those that have none ) is Germany . They only have one , in Berlin .
7.Uniqlo gets its denim from the same factory in Hiroshima that produces jeans for Levi 's , Gap , Seven for all Mankind , and J . Crew .
8.In 2012 , Uniqlo partnered up with Sanrio to create a Hello-Kitty-themed campaign to spread awareness of cervical cancer .
9.Uniqlo 's global staff contains a higher percentage of people with disabilities than any other large business in Japan .
10.Uniqlo 's best sales day ever was November 11 , 2001 , when the opening of its Seoul location netted $ 1.16 million in one day .
A luxury flower company in London is selling “ one hundred percent natural ” ‘ Beauty and the Beast ’ roses that it claims last forever if kept in their original glass domes , or up to three years if exposed to air , without requiring sunlight and water .
Like the magical flower that became synonymous with the 1991 Disney animation movie ‘ Beauty and the Beast ’ , the roses sold by London-based Forever Rose seem to defy all logic . As long as they are kept under their protective glass covers , they never whither , regardless of the conditions they are kept in . They don ’ t require any water or sunlight .
Even if you were to take them out of the provided glass dome , for some reason , Forever Rose claims that the roses , which come in 30 colors and several types of arrangements , will last for up to three years . But having your own enchanted rose isn ’ t cheap , as these preserved flowers cost between $ 200 – $ 4,000 , depending on the size and complexity of the arrangement .
So what ’ s the secret behind these real ‘ Beauty and the Beast ’ roses ? Forever Rose says that they are one hundred percent natural flowers “ derived from the mineral rich volcanic soils of Ecuador in South America ” and set themselves apart “ with their uniquely strong petals which grow up to ten times thicker and five times larger than any other blooms available on the market . ”
Ebraheem Al Samadi , a brand ambassador of Forever Rose London in the Middle-East , said that the company uses a “ secret potion ” to preserve the flowers , but would not reveal any of the ingredients . My Modern Met says that it ’ s most likely a mixture of glycerin and other oils .
The company ’ s most popular flower arrangement is the Bella Rose , a single stem red rose preserved under a glass dome , just like the one in ‘ Beauty and the Beast ’ . Prices for it start at $ 200 .
The debilitating condition once derided as ‘ yuppie flu ’ is a genuine illness , researchers say .
Controversy has raged for nearly 30 years as to whether the symptoms of chronic fatigue syndrome are real or all in the mind .
Now a study shows the condition , also known as myalgic encephalomyelitis or ME , does trigger a distinctive immune response in the body .
It should also help ease the stigma that has led to sufferers being dismissed as malingerers who imagine their symptoms .
ME affects some 250,000 Britons and is more common in women than men . It was called ‘ yuppie flu ’ in the 1980s because sufferers tend to be aged between 20 and 40 and the illness was most frequently seen among professional people .
Symptoms include extreme physical and mental fatigue and painful limbs . The condition can also affect memory , concentration and digestion , with some sufferers left so weak that they lose their job or become bed or wheelchair-bound . But with the cause unclear , scepticism has remained as to whether it is a physical illness or merely psychological .
The researchers , from Columbia University in New York , analysed hundreds of blood samples taken from ME patients and healthy people . The blood from those with ME showed a distinct ‘ chemical signature ’ .
It had higher levels of various compounds released by the immune system to defend the body against infection . The link with an immune protein , interferon gamma , was particularly strong , the journal Science Advances reports .
Interferon gamma is blamed for the extreme tiredness that follows some viral infections and has also been linked to problems with memory .
The finding may help researchers develop the first diagnostic test for ME . It also raises hope of better treatments . Drugs that lower levels of some of the immune proteins already exist .
‘ This study delivers what has eluded us for so long : unequivocal evidence of immunological dysfunction in ME and diagnostic biomarkers for disease , ’ said researcher Dr Ian Lipkin .
Lead author Dr Mady Hornig said : ‘ We now have evidence confirming what millions with this disease already know , that ME isn ’ t psychological . ’
However , the work is still preliminary and many questions remain to be answered , including why the chemical markers show up only in the blood of patients in the relatively early stages of ME .
Dr Hornig ’ s team is now looking for signs of the infection that triggered the immune response . Scientists have long thought a virus is to blame but have failed to find the culprit .
Dr Neil Abbot , of ME Research UK said : ‘ A biological signature or thumbprint for ME is the holy grail – it ’ s what we all want to see . If the immune changes reported in the study can help , it would be a great step forward . ’
The finding that the chemical signature is seen only in the first stages of ME shows the importance of early diagnosis and treatment , he added .
Sonya Chowdhury , of Action for ME , said the work ‘ could have significant implications for quicker diagnosis and improved treatments ’ .
But some experts cautioned that the findings are preliminary and that ME research has been ‘ bedevilled with false dawns ’ for decades .
It has long been a mystery to men why so many women enjoy watching tear jerker movies with their friends .
But now scientists have come up with a suggestion – sharing sad emotions helps women bond .
A research team at Cardiff University found that by sharing their emotions women found the happy parts of films more joyful and the sad bits less sad .
Job van der Schalk , a psychologist at Cardiff University , said : ‘ Our findings suggest that a negative emotional experience such as watching a ‘ weepy ’ is more positive when it is shared with a friend .
‘ And , at the same time , a positive emotional experience , such as watching a ‘ romcom ’ , should equally be more pleasant when shared . ’
The study involved 30 pairs of female friends aged between 20 and 33 who were shown emotionally powerful images and asked to rate them on a scale from ‘ very negative ’ to ‘ very positive ’ .
The scientists put one of each pair in a brain scanner to monitor their reactions , and the volunteers were also asked to view and rate the images while on their own and also while together .
The researchers found the images were seen more positively when the pairs were together , The Sunday Times reported .
The study , published in the journal Social Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience , said : ‘ When people go to the cinema to watch a film , they ... anticipate a positive subjective impact of sharing this emotional experience . ’
And Hollywood success seems to back the theory .
The 2008 film Marley and Me , which surrounds a couple ’ s relationship with their dog , took £160m at the global box office , and last year ’ s film The Fault in Our Stars - about two teenage cancer patients who find love - took more than £200m .
Aggie Romeril , 22 , a London beauty manager , said : ‘ I think we ’ re a “ stream it and weep ” age . You scroll through Netflix , find who ’ s got the biggest laptop and bundle into a housemate ’ s bed for a sob session . ’
Many men – and women too , for that matter – would love to play James Bond . Most of us would also love $ 150 million .
But Hollywood superstar Daniel Craig is not most people .
The 007 actor , who has played the spy since 2005 , has reportedly been offered the hefty sum listed above to return to the franchise for two more films . But Craig has made no secret of his reluctance to step back into the famous tuxedo .
“ The studio is desperate to secure the actor ’ s services while they phase in a younger long-term successor , ” a source told the celebrity news website Radar .
The source also suggested that by playing coy – remember when he told an interviewer he ’ d rather “ slash his wrists ” than immediately return to Bond ? – Craig has only upped his perceived value .
He ’ s essentially made himself into the man too cool to play Bond .
“ Everyone knows how much executives adore him , and the idea of losing him at such a crucial time in the franchise isn ’ t an option as far as all the studio honchos are concerned , ” said the source , who added that Craig “ has played a genius hand . ”
“ Daniel ’ s the key for a seamless , safe transition as far as Sony and Bond bosses are concerned , and they ’ re prepared to pay a king ’ s ransom to make it happen . ”
The story above , which has not been confirmed by Sony or by representatives for Craig , comes in the wake of a May 2016 claim that Craig had turned down a £68 million offer to return for two more films . If true , it could suggest that studio is trying to tempt Craig back with increasingly larger sums .
In the meantime , there ’ s been a steady string of rumours about who could replace Craig as Bond , with a new hopeful claimed as the frontrunner almost every other week ( we ’ re getting pretty fed up of writing the weekly news articles , truth to be told ) .
Some of the latest contenders named include Victoria actor Tom Hughes , who has allegedly impressed Bond producer Barbara Broccoli , and Marvel stars Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston .
Despite claiming he ’ s too old for the role , Idris Elba remains a popular choice with Bond fans , as does Billy Elliot star Jamie Bell .
Australia are refusing to move their athletes into the Rio Olympic Village because of concerns about the state of their accommodation .
Problems include `` blocked toilets , leaking pipes and exposed wiring '' , according to team boss Kitty Chiller .
Chiller said she had raised concerns with local event organisers and the International Olympic Committee , and was `` pushing hard for a solution '' .
Australian staff are in nearby hotels with the first athletes due on Monday .
Alternative accommodation for team members arriving over the next three days has been arranged .
Chiller , the head of Australia 's Olympic delegation , said extra maintenance staff and more than 1,000 cleaners have been engaged to fix the problems but the faults , particularly the plumbing issues , have not been resolved .
She said in a statement on the Australian Olympic website : `` Due to a variety of problems in the Village , including gas , electricity and plumbing , I have decided that no Australian team member will move into our allocated building .
`` Problems include blocked toilets , leaking pipes , exposed wiring , darkened stairwells where no lighting has been installed and dirty floors in need of a massive clean . ''
The British team have had staff in place for several days and a spokesman told Reuters : `` We are confident that our accommodation is ready to receive athletes and will be to the highest standards within the village .
`` Whilst we have encountered some maintenance difficulties this is not uncommon with new build structures of this type and we have been working hard to overcome them . ''
The 31-building village will house 18,000 athletes and officials at the height of the Games , which start on 5 August .
Danish people would never expect that the oyster crisis confronting their country may turn into a food-lovers ' bonanza in China . The European country 's dilemma may be the last thing Chinese people would ever understand as they see the abundance of seafood as a treat , rather than a problem .
The Danish Embassy published a story on Monday evening on its official Sina Weibo account , China 's twitter-like social network , about the problems for their country caused by an invasion of the exotic oysters .
The oysters , known as Pacific oysters , are a new species in Denmark and have caused huge damage to the seashore 's ecological environment .
Their proliferation is unstoppable since they have no natural enemies there . People have to get across them in shoes before swimming .
What 's worse , their occupation leads to the endangerment of the Limfjord , a Danish local oyster .
Scientists and fishermen made numerous complaints to the nation 's conservation authority but the thorny issue remains unsolved . They also encouraged local people to bring them to their dining tables and few were motivated .
The embassy makes a small joke in the post to invite Chinese people to eat oysters in Denmark .
Chinese internet users enthusiastically responded with much discussion about ways to address the issue on Weibo , then WeChat , another popular social media network .
Apparently , when it comes to eating , Chinese people are very serious and they already started to make plans for their oyster journey .
The most popular comment came from someone suggesting oyster visas should be issued `` with 10 years ' unlimited round trips and one-month-long stay and I can eat up them all in five years '' received over 10,000 likes .
The Danish Embassy is very grateful for Chinese people 's innovative advice such as building oyster sauce factories and organizing oyster-dining journeys .
It also said as long as China permits , they 'd love to export oysters to China .
What 's in a name ? A lot , if you had asked Johnson State College and Lyndon State College in the US state of Vermont .
The schools are now one , at least in name - Northern Vermont University - with two campuses 89 kilometers apart .
The name change was designed to attract foreign students willing to pay higher tuition . `` University '' just sounds better than `` college '' .
NVU will welcome its first freshman class in the fall of 2018 .
Across the United States schools have been trying to step up to the surge in foreign students , especially Chinese students . Last year , 328,547 Chinese studied in the US , accounting for 32 percent of all foreign students , according to the Institute of International Education .
But Vermont ranks low - 48th among the country 's 50 states . Last year , a paltry 1,712 foreign students studied in Vermont , 39 percent of them Chinese .
Currently , Lyndon has eight international students , including five from China ; Johnson State has two international students , one from the United Kingdom and one from Bermuda .
Last year , the board of trustees of the state college system voted unanimously to unify Johnson and Lyndon State - but keeping each school 's campus separate - to save money and increase revenue .
Foreign students brought just $ 75 million to the state last year , up from $ 34 million six years ago , according to the education institute .
In explaining the name change , Patricia Coates , director of communications for the Vermont State Colleges System , told China Daily that `` college '' may have a different perception outside the US . In China , `` college '' may be seen as equivalent to `` high school '' or `` junior college '' .
`` Frankly , let 's be honest , 'university ' provides a marketing advantage , and that is a big part of what we hope to leverage from this unification , '' Coates told news website vtdigger.org last year .
Vermont 's state college tuition is among the highest in any state , according to the website . The state 's smaller public colleges have seen enrollments decline and are more dependent on tuition because of low government funding . Tuition and fees make up 58 percent of their revenue ; room and board 17 percent ; and state money 16 percent .
At Lyndon in 2015 , according to the school 's website , there were 1,200 students . In-state tuition was $ 10,700 and out-of-state tuition was $ 21,764 . International students qualify for the Open Frontiers Scholarship when enrolled in any degree program at Lyndon , and can receive $ 5,500 a year .
For the academic year 2016-17 , Johnson 's website lists in-state tuition as $ 10,244 and out-of-state as $ 22,680 . The tuition for the newly combined NVU has n't been disclosed yet .
It 's not the first time that an institute of higher education in Vermont has changed its name . In July 2015 , Castleton State College changed to Castleton University after a unanimous vote from the school 's board of trustees .
University President Dave Wolk explained that the reasons for the name change included growth in the number of graduate programs and the student body , as well as Castleton 's international recruitment efforts .
The school 's website says that in 2015 , 40 countries ( including China ) were represented among its student body of 2,246 . Tuition for the academic year 2017-18 is $ 22,490 for in-state and $ 38,042 for out-of-state .
Patrick Liu , director of international student enrollments at Castleton , said people in countries outside the US have a different notion of what `` college '' means .
`` Sometimes , people might think the education quality of a university would be higher than a college , '' said Liu . `` So the change of the school 's name could avoid misunderstanding and make it easier to explain to students overseas . It 's good for the school 's promotion and development , especially overseas . ''
Last year , Lyndon welcomed its first students from Xi'an into its undergraduate degree program . The school has an electronic journalism arts program that collaborates with China 's Xi'an University . Each January , students from Xi'an , Shaanxi province , spend a few weeks on campus for hands-on experience in electronic journalism .
Three picture purrfect cats are taking social media by storm as they pose at home , in everything from a Santa Claus outfit to an onesie .
Jennifer Stewart , 25 , from Melbourne realized that Tabby cat Joey , 10 , Siamese cat Cleo , three , and Morrison , just love being dressed up .
So the quick-thinking animal lover created Instagram and Facebook pages for the adorable felines and they now have over 40,000 followers on the picture sharing website .
The model cats have been captured dressed as festive elves , and Santa Claus as well as pirates .
'I think people just love to see animals dressed up , it makes them smile , ' she said .
'I love my pets so much that I would much rather spend money on them than myself to make them happy and other people happy .
'Joey and Cleo also love to be dressed up , they are so happy they have a loving home .
'Both of them were rescued from shelters . I think it is important to rescue rather than buy as we need to give these animals a loving home . '
Eighty-eight places in Japan are going to be designated `` animation spots '' to encourage visitors to seek out the train stations , school campuses , rural shrines and other fairly everyday places where popular `` manga '' characters are depicted .
Such landmarks number in the tens of thousands , given the popularity and volume of `` manga '' comics in Japan , but the project aims to compile the official list for any fan 's animation `` pilgrimage '' , as the places are known as `` seichi , '' or `` sacred spots . ''
Anyone can vote on the landmarks through a website set up in several languages , including English and Chinese .
`` Japanese pop culture has grown to rival American Hollywood , '' Tsugihiko Kadokawa , chairman of Kadokawa Corp. publisher and film studio , one of the officials behind the effort , said Friday at a Tokyo news conference . `` Animation can change the times . ''
The project highlights Japan 's push to make tourism a valuable boon for a stagnant economy , as dynamic as the export of Toyota vehicles and Sony electronics .
Foreign tourism has grown , under a `` Cool Japan '' initiative , reaching 20 million people last year — five years ahead of a goal set by the government , prompting officials to raise its 2020 target to 40 million tourists .
Kadokawa and other officials behind the newly formed Japan Anime Tourism Association said they would compile a travel route of 88 animation spots by December , including where manga and animation works took place , as well as the homes of manga artists and museums dedicated to their works .
Votes from fans will be considered in compiling the list . `` Vote for the special spot you want to share with everyone , '' the site says .
One shoo-in for the list , according to organizers , is Washinomiya Jinja , a picturesque shrine in Saitama prefecture on the outskirts of Tokyo , a familiar scene in comics by Kagami Yoshimizu , which later became a TV animation series , `` Lucky Star '' or `` Raki Suta . ''
The shrine is not as grand or famous as others in the country , such as Meiji Shrine in central Tokyo , but it 's still the one to visit for those who love the manga series , which depicts friendship among schoolgirls , all illustrated with the huge eyes and colorful hair characteristic of manga .
The shrine appears in the opening sequence to the TV show , whose typical episode will feature a heated discussion in cute , cooing voices on the correct way to eat a pastry .
Hopes are high at Washinomiya Jinja that it will be picked .
`` I 'm all for it , '' said Teruko Masaki , whose restaurant near the shrine sells noodles and other products with the manga characters splashed on the packaging .
Other possible animation spots include the `` Gundam '' giant robot statue on Odaiba , an artificial island in Tokyo Bay , and the Ghibli Studio of Hayao Miyazaki , the Oscar-winning animator who made `` Spirited Away . ''
Louis Lee , an editor from Hong Kong , who was at the Tokyo launch of the Japan Anime Tourism Association , said he was an avid manga fan , especially of `` Slam Dunk , '' a story about a highschool basketball team .
`` It teaches you not to give up until the end , '' he said .
Fans like Lee say manga has proven useful for studying Japanese language and culture . They say animation spots should have manga character costumes that visitors can wear in photos , as well as manga-related products for sale .
The government 's Japan Tourism Agency has begun to study not only the numbers of tourists coming to Japan , but what compelled their visits . The agency 's survey of French and Thai people found that , although the two groups varied on what they hoped to do , they both said they became interested in Japan through movies and other entertainment content .
`` But we are still not taking full advantage of such resources , '' said agency Commissioner Japan Tourism Agency . `` A lot of work still needs to be done . ''
On Oscar night the winner of the award for Best Foreign Language film probably wo n't get much publicity - it seldom does .
Yet compared to only a few years ago the category is no longer a byword among Oscar voters for baffling obscurity .
And this year one of the films shortlisted is already lined up for a Hollywood remake .
LAND OF MINE
Story : Immediately after World War Two on Denmark 's west coast , a group of teenage German soldiers are to clear some of the two million landmines which Germany deployed on beaches and along the shoreline to deter an Allied invasion . They are supervised by the Danish Sergeant Rasmussen who at first seems filled with violence .
Will it win ? Voted Best Danish Film at last year 's Danish film awards . It 's well acted both by Roland Moller as the sergeant and by the young actors who play the Germans . When early on Rasmussen delivers a savage beating for no clear reason , we guess that the story will see him humanised by his contact with the soldiers he appears to despise . A couple of incidents late in the film seem there only for dramatic convenience and do n't convince . The scenes of defusing mines are impressively tense and hard to watch .
A MAN CALLED OVE
Story : Ove is a cranky old widower living alone . He expends a lot of energy trying to police the behaviour of his neighbours , who treat him warily . Ove 's not pleased when the house opposite is taken by a new family : he finds it hard to accept the warm-hearted Parvaneh ( who 's Iranian ) and her Swedish husband . Yet a relationship builds and in flashback we encounter the younger Ove , a man more open to life 's possibilities who marries the beautiful Sonja .
Will it win ? The film is attractively shot and Rolf Lassgard makes Ove sympathetic as an old man without totally sentimentalising him . Some of the humour is a bit clunky and the process of discovering Ove 's latent nice guy within runs along predictable lines . But in the extensive flashbacks Filip Berg and Ida Engvoll make an attractive and likeable young couple which gives the film an unexpected sweetness .
THE SALESMAN
Story : Emad and Rana are middle-class inhabitants of Tehran : he teaches but their joint passion is acting . After a tip-off from a fellow actor they find a new apartment . It seems a good move until they discover more about the previous occupant who left one room locked . As they work on a production of Arthur Miller 's playDeath of a Salesman , the couple 's relationship becomes more tense . There is a violent incident and Emad becomes obsessed with revenge .
Will it win ? It may be that no film can overtake the Iranian nominee this year . But Farhadi has written a superbly tense and unsettling screenplay whose mastery of dread Alfred Hitchcock would have relished . The couple are superbly played by Taraneh Alidoosti and Shahab Hosseini . Previous winner Farhadi has indicated he will refuse to attend the Oscar ceremony in protest at President Trump trying to restrict Iranians entering the USA : could this create a sympathy vote for him ?
TANNA
Story : On a Pacific island , Dain and Wawa live in a primitive village where life is virtually untouched by the modern world . The spirited young Selin watches as her sister Wawa is betrothed to a man outside the village - but Wawa wants to be with Dain . The lovers run away . Selin follows as the villagers set off to find her sister - and tragedy looms .
Will it win ? The least mainstream of this year 's nominees is exactly the kind of film the Academy hoped would benefit from reforming the voting system . The story , with its echo of Romeo and Juliet , is engrossing and in its early stages charming . Locations are attractive without resembling an ad for upmarket beach holidays . It wo n't take the Oscar but it 's worth catching .
TONI ERDMANN
Story : Winfried ( who adopts the name Toni ) has a distant relationship with his daughter Ines , a business consultant working in Bucharest . He decides to leave Germany to pay her a visit , not wholly to her pleasure . Ines is climbing in her career and finds some of her eccentric father 's activities a pain . But she tries to tolerate him and passes him off to colleagues as her life coach . A late scene suggests they have re-established some kind of family intimacy , but the question is left open .
Will it win ? The film got a lot of attention at last year 's Cannes Festival - often along the lines of 'Amazing - a German comedy ! ' . The fact that large sections are in English wo n't harm its chances . A Hollywood remake has been announced , to star Jack Nicholson and Kristen Wiig . Could that incline Academy voters to back the original ?
The average person in the United States watches almost five hours of television a day , more than an hour greater than the average of people in the world 's biggest economies , new research says .
2015 's International Communications Market report , an annual survey by the UK 's telecoms regulator Ofcom , said the average American watches 282 minutes of broadcast television a day - or four hours and 42 minutes .
In comparison , the average Brit watches three hours and 40 minutes of TV - one minute below the average .
However , the figures include only live television and recorded programmes , not catch-up television or recorded media - which Ofcom said the UK leads the world in .
The UK saw the greatest decline in linear TV viewing last year , down 4.9 percent , but Ofcom said the UK appears to be `` the most technologically-advanced of European nations '' .
81 percent of Brits have used an online service to watch TV or films , such as Netflix or BBC iPlayer , in the last month , while 16 percent have watched catch-up TV on a tablet . Both were ahead of any other country in the group of the world 's biggest economies .
42 percent of UK households own a TV connected to the internet , more than any country except Spain .
In comparison , the US 's broadcast TV viewing per day declined by 3.8 percent last year , and France 's declined by 2.2 percent .
Of the 15 countries included in the survey , Sweden , China , Korea , the Netherlands and Australia watch less linear TV a day , compared to the UK .
1 . The Origins of Halloween
Halloween is thought to have originated around 4000 B.C. , which means Halloween has been around for over 6,000 years as we know it today , borrow traditions from different festivals namely : the Roman feralia festival commemorating for dead , the roman Pomona festival honoring the goddess of fruit and trees , the Celtic festival Samuin , meaning “ summer 's end ” , which comprise the bulk of origins of Halloween traditions , the Catholic Hallowmas period of “ All soul 's Day ” and All Saint 's Day which was instigated around 800 by a church to try to replace Samuin .
2 . Color
Black and orange are the international colors of Halloween . Black , of course , is a sign of death , gloom and the foreboding night , which are all associated with Halloween . Orange is a traditional emblem of fortitude , survival and power , which signify the harvest , and the colors of fall . Halloween is where death ( winter ) takes over from the life-giving fall harvest , hence the mixtures of black and orange come festival time .
3 . Costumes
The custom of wearing costumes or masks comes from Celtic tradition of young men impersonating evil spirits , by dressing up in white costumes with blackened faces or masks in an attempt to placate these spirit .
4 . Trick or Treat
Trick or Treating has a short history . In 19th century Scotland and Ireland , there is some records of children travelling door-to-door praying for souls or performing for money or cakes on All Hallows Eve . However , the tradition is a short step from the medieval practice of souling , in which beggars went door to door on October 31 to pray for souls in return for food . The food given was often a Soul Cake , which was a small round cake which represented a soul being freed from Purgatory when the cake was eaten . Today Trick or Treat means “ gives us a treat or we 'll pull a prank on you ” .
5 . Jack O'Lanterns
According to Irish legend , Jack O'Lanterns are named after a man named Jack . This crafty fellow fooled the devil on numerous occasions and , as a result , his soul was condemned to hang about Earth for all eternity . Jack , barred from both heaven and hell , put the burning ember given to him by Beelzebub into the very first ” jack-o-lantern ” , in order to ward off any more encounters with the Evil one .
6 . Turnips Instead of Pumpkins
The first Jack O'Lanterns were actually made from turnips by the Celts to ward off evil spirits during Samuin , The Celts would hollow out turnips then carve faces in them and place candles inside . The turnips were then either placed in the windows to keep evil spirits from encountering a home or carried around as lanterns . The tradition eventually melded with the North American tradition of carving pumpkins .
1 . There 's a species of shark that can live for around 500 years .
The Greenland Shark has the longest lifespan of all known vertebrates , living an average of 272 years , and some of them can live to be around 500 years old .
2 . Human children do n't get kneecap bones until they 're around three years old .
It takes a while for children to get kneecaps . That part of the skeleton is called the patella . It starts out as cartilage and then ossifies into bone at around toddler age .
3 . Aphids give birth to other pregnant aphids .
Aphids are a common garden insect . Most of them are born pregnant and do n't need men .
`` Most aphids are born pregnant and beget females without wastrel males , '' the US National Library of Medicine says . `` Embryos complete development within the mother ’ s ovary one after another , in assembly line fashion . These developing embryos contain developing embryos of the third generation within them , like Russian dolls . ''
Once a year , aphids have sex . The weather induces another `` form '' for the animal , which produces eggs rather than embryos . Males are also produced asexually .
4 . A bear that fought with Poland in World War II was promoted to the rank of a corporal .
Wojtek the Soldier Bear was released from the prison camps of Siberia only to be picked up in Iran by Allied forces . A Polish army looked after him , and he helped out with the war effort , moving ammunition during the Battle of Monte Cassino in Italy .
Following the battle , he was promoted to the rank of a corporal . And after the Allies won World War II , he moved to Britain and lived in the Edinburgh Zoo until his death in 1963 .
5 . There are more trees on earth than there are stars in the galaxy .
NASA estimates that there are between 100 billion and 400 billion stars in the Milky Way galaxy . And according to a paper in Nature , there are more than 3 trillion trees on Earth .
6 . Honey never expires .
Honey has a perfect chemical composition that makes it never spoil . Organisms ca n't live inside it , meaning there 's nothing that can spoil in the first place . 5,000-year-old honey has been found and , in theory , is perfectly edible .
7 . A day on Venus is longer than a year on Venus .
To puzzle this out , remember that one day is how long it takes for a planet to rotate on its own axis , and one year is how long it takes for a planet to rotate around the sun . Venus takes about 243 Earth Days to spin around just once ( and in the opposite direction as the Earth , by the way ) and 225 Earth Days to go around the sun . So a day is longer than a year .
Rome ’ s mayor has announced her opposition to Italy ’ s bid to host the Olympic Games in 2024 , in a move that is likely to mean the end of the capital ’ s ambitious campaign .
Virginia Raggi was elected in June and has faced a tumultuous start to her tenure .
“ We are effectively asking the people of Rome and of Italy to shoulder the debts . We just don ’ t support it , ” Raggi said on Wednesday .
The announcement will add to concerns that the Olympic Games are increasingly being viewed with scepticism by potential host cities who worry about costs , environmental concerns , and the objections of local citizens .
While the Roma 2024 campaign has not formally abandoned its bid , organisers had already suggested that the mayor ’ s support would be necessary to continue . The move leaves Paris , Los Angeles and Budapest in contention . Boston and Hamburg , two other early potential candidates , have already pulled out .
The decision was not surprising because Raggi had already signalled during her election campaign that she did not support the Olympic bid . Her party , the Five Star Movement , is vehemently opposed to unwieldy infrastructure projects and initiatives that are seen as vanity projects that come at a high cost to taxpayers .
The decision came at a time when Raggi has come under pressure to right the course of her administration following a series of personnel issues , and when Italy ’ s prime minister Matteo Renzi , who enthusiastically launched the bid in December 2014 , is facing a difficult referendum this autumn that could – at least temporarily – end his career in politics .
Renzi had launched the Olympic bid even though Rome at the time found itself at the centre of a series of public corruption scandals that came to be known as Mafia Capitale , raising questions about whether it could pull off a “ clean ” Olympics .
“ We can ’ t allow our problems to stop us from dreaming , ” he said in 2014 .
For proponents of the bid , the idea of hosting the Olympic Games , while daunting , was seen as a way for the city to unite around a lofty goal , and a way to give the city the motivation necessary to pull off a huge global event that could return the city to the glory days of La Dolce Vita .
If Renzi ’ s view was too optimistic , then Raggi ’ s may have sounded a bit too downtrodden . The 38-year-old lawyer said the city was still paying debts it had accrued for the Games in 1960 , and would not stand for more “ cathedrals in the desert ” – abandoned stadiums – that the city could ill afford .
“ The Olympics are a dream that turn into a nightmare . I don ’ t have all the facts about Rio , but we have the image in our eyes of the citizens of Rio , ” she said .
The day included a touch of drama after Italy ’ s Olympic Committee president , Giovanni Malago , who was supposed to meet with Raggi before the press conference , left city hall in a huff after complaining that he had waited for her for half an hour but that she had not showed up .
Listening to pop music such as Taylor Swift or Ed Sheeran will enhance your enjoyment of a Chinese takeaway , according to a University of Oxford professor .
Classical music is said to be best paired with Italian food while a blast of rock music from the likes of Bruce Springsteen will ensure your Indian food tastes even spicier .
Charles Spence , a professor of experimental psychology , is convinced that certain musical genres complement different cuisines .
And he is so certain of the links between music and the enjoyment of food that he believes takeaways could soon be delivered along with a CD .
His latest gastrophysics study involved 700 volunteers who ordered takeaways and listened to songs from six genres .
Participants were asked to rate the dishes on a scale of one to ten .
Prof Spence , who runs the University of Oxford 's Crossmodal Research Laboratory , found while some foods appeared to have an obvious musical accompaniment , such as Pavarotti 's Nessun Dorma with pasta dishes , others proved more of a surprise , such as the connection between chilli and rock'n'roll .
`` Nobody has looked at spiciness and music before , '' he told The Times .
`` We found that if there is music that is more alerting , more arousing , then people appreciate spicier food more . ''
Volunteers reported that food tasted four percent spicier when listening to rock tracks than when listening to the jazz of Nina Simone .
The likes of Simone and Frank Sinatra , are , however , said to be good with sushi .
Hip-hop and RnB were found to have no effect on the enjoyment of different tastes .
Prof Spence , who runs the University of Oxford 's Crossmodal Research Laboratory , added : `` It is an exciting area .
`` How soundscapes and music come together with taste to make the whole experience more stimulating , more enjoyable and possibly even more memorable . It is a kind of digital seasoning . ''
He said Just Eat , the online takeaway-ordering company that commissioned his research , was `` seriously thinking '' about providing music with its food .
Celebrity chef Heston Blumenthal is among restaurateurs who have sought the professor 's advice for his award-winning Fat Duck in Bray , Berkshire .
The academic 's other studies have found that people can experience 15 percent more pleasure if music matches the wine .
A Cabernet Sauvignon should be paired with Won ’ t Get Fooled Again by The Who to bring out its depth while a Chardonnay will slide down more easily accompanied by Atomic by Blondie .
One major champagne house has already adopted music , from Bryan Ferry to Tchaikovsky , to accompany its luxury products .
Lighting is also said to play a part in the choices people make in cafes and restaurants , with bright lights meaning they are more likely to choose spicier wings and dim lights leading to more mellow choices such as a cappuccino over an espresso .
Colour can also have an effect with recent tests in London showing that ambient light can enhance flavour with red wine drunk in red light tasting fruitier .
Jada Pinkett Smith has announced that she will not be attending or watching the 2016 Academy Awards .
In a video posted to Facebook Monday morning , Martin Luther King Jr. Day , the actress posed some powerful , thoughtful questions .
`` Is it time that people of color recognize how much power , influence , that we have amassed , that we no longer need to ask to be invited anywhere ? '' she said in the video . `` Maybe it 's time that we recognize that if we love and respect and acknowledge ourselves in the way in which we are asking others to do , that that is the place of true power . ''
Pinkett Smith called for change , saying that `` it 's our responsibility now '' to make the difference .
`` Begging for acknowledgement , or even asking , diminishes dignity and diminishes power . And we are a dignified people and we are powerful , '' she said . `` Let 's do us , differently . ''
Fellow member of Hollywood Spike Lee also addressed the # OscarsSoWhite controversy this morning , saying that he , too , will be skipping the Awards show this year .
In an Instagram post , the director condemned Hollywood execs for not using their power to bring more stories about people of color to the big screen .
`` The truth is we ai n't in those rooms and until minorities are , the Oscar nominees will remain lilly [ sic ] white , '' he wrote .
Following the backlash of yet another year of # OscarsSoWhite , Jada Pinkett Smith expressed her dismay on the awards ' lack of diversity .
The `` Magic Mike XXL '' actress , 44 , sent out a series of tweets over the weekend .
`` At the Oscars ... people of color are always welcomed to give out awards ... even entertain , but we are rarely recognized for our artistic accomplishments , '' she wrote , adding , `` Should people of color refrain from participating all together ? ''
She continued , `` People can only treat us in the way in which we allow . With much respect in the midst of deep disappointment . ''
Pinkett Smith is n't alone in her thinking . Following the nomination announcement last week , Rev . Al Sharpton slammed the Academy for overlooking black actors .
`` Yet again , deserving black actors and directors were ignored by the Academy -- which reinforces the fact that there are few , if any , blacks with real power in Hollywood , '' he said in a statement provided by the National Action Network . `` Being left out of awards consideration is about more than just recognition for a job well-done ; winning an Oscar has long-lasting cultural and economic impacts . ''
This year , out of the 20 people nominated in the acting categories at the Oscars none are people of color . None .
Furthermore , in the nominated films that include non-white cast members , only white contributors have been recognized with nominations . One key exception is Alejandro González Iñárritu , who 's up for Best Director for `` The Revenant '' .
A businessman in southern France is suing ride-hailing company Uber over his wife 's discovery of rides he took to see his lover , his lawyer said .
The man says he once requested an Uber driver from his wife 's phone .
Despite logging off , the application continued to send notifications to her iPhone afterwards , revealing his travel history and arousing her suspicions .
The couple have since divorced . The lawsuit is reportedly worth up to €45m .
`` My client was the victim of a bug in an application , '' his lawyer David-André Darmon told AFP news agency after the case was lodged at a court in Grasse .
`` The bug has caused him problems in his private life , '' Mr Darmon added .
The lawyer did not comment on a report in Le Figaro newspaper that the lawsuit was worth up to €45m , saying only that his client wished to remain discreet and anonymous .
Other users had also encountered the Uber software bug , Le Figaro said .
The newspaper carried out its own experiment by logging in and out of Uber on one iPhone and then logging in on another and ordering a driver . The app then sent screen notifications about the order to both phones .
The glitch affected iPhones before a software update in December , the newspaper said . Android phones did not appear to be affected .
Uber said it would not comment on the case but added that the best possible protection of clients ' personal details was a priority .
1 . Awareness
True self-defence begins long before any actual physical contact : awareness of yourself , your surroundings , and your potential attacker 's likely strategies .
2 . Use your sixth sense .
All of us , especially women , have this gift . Use it to your full advantage . Avoid a person or a situation which does not `` feel '' safe–you ’ re probably right .
3 . Self-defense training .
The self-defense program should include simulated assaults , with a fully padded instructor in realistic rape and attack scenarios , to allow you to practice what you ’ ve learned .
4 . Escape .
Even if he promises not to hurt you . Yell for help , throw a rock through a store or car window–do whatever you can to attract attention . And if the criminal is after your purse or other material items , throw them one way while you run the other .
5 . Your right to fight .
Many women worry that they will anger the attacker and get hurt worse if they defend themselves , but statistics clearly show that your odds of survival are far greater if you do fight back . Aim for the eyes first and the groin second .
6. Pepper spray .
Pepper spray can be a useful tool . However , never depend on any self-defence tool to stop an attacker . Trust your body and your wits , which you can always depend on in the event of an attack .
7 . Home invasions .
The primary way to prevent a home invasion is simply to never , ever open your door unless you are certain you know who 's on the other side .
8 . Do n't appear to be traveling alone .
If someone approaches you and asks , `` Is this your first time in Atlanta ? '' respond with `` No , we visit often . We love it here ! ''
9 . Choose your accommodations carefully .
Choose a national hotel chain with a good safety record . Some hotels now offer women-only floors . Ask for a room above the ground floor , near the elevator , and away from emergency exits and stairwells .
10 . Be wary of new friends .
Just be wary of the new friends you make , especially anyone not introduced by a business associate . Do n't socialize with strangers . Limit your alcohol consumption .
Most of us have shiftily looked something up on Google that we 'd rather keep private .
From slightly embarrassing medical issues , naff guilty-pleasure pop songs , to researching issues which are personal to you , the search engine never judges you .
We 're not here to judge , either . What you look up on Google is your business .
Sort of .
There is in fact a way of finding out what the person just before you searched .
Here 's how it works .
The tool is called Mystery Search and while there 's no way of knowing who that person is , it does throw up their results .
So when you type something in , the person after you will be able to see what that was .
For example , we were daydreaming about dinner , so decided to look up some inspiration .
And got , er , whatever this is .
A search for flowers which bloom in winter got us a result for how old Tom Hardy is ( 39 in case you were wondering ) , but the possibilities are endless and capable of being VERY weird - worryingly so sometimes .
Because now people are cottoning on to this tool , they 're having some fun with it .
Taking to Reddit to share what the Mystery Search churned up for them , users revealed the results they got .
There were alarming ones .
`` I got 'how to join KKK , ' '' someone disturbingly revealed .
There were nonsense ones .
'I spent ages pondering before going for 'origin of shiver me timbers ' . I got 'lol lol lol ' ''
Better luck next time .
Other results were 'sexy Pikachu ' , 'text me pictures of Chewbacca ' and someone in Russia who is worried about what 's eating wild and domestic raccoons .
There is of course a downside to the Mystery Search fun . Some results probably are n't the sort of thing you want on your internet history .
Take it from Redditor FlyAwayWithMeTomorrow , who said , `` I 'm stopping due to possibly highly legally questionable material showing up for my ISP in a search . ''
A top official from the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region confirmed for the first time on Tuesday that Xinjiang residents have joined the radical group Islamic State .
`` Some Xinjiang residents have crossed the border illegally to join IS . The group currently has a growing international influence , and Xinjiang is affected by it , too , '' said Zhang Chunxian , the region 's top leader .
`` We recently broke up a terrorist cell run by those who returned from fighting with the group , '' Zhang said at a news conference on the sidelines of the annual National People 's Congress session .
He said IS , which has seized large areas of eastern Syria and northern and western Iraq , is a threat to countries worldwide and joint international efforts are needed to fight it .
Xinjiang has been hit by religious extremism , leading to an increasing number of terrorist attacks in the region and elsewhere in China in recent years .
Last year , Chinese authorities arrested some of those attempting to cross borders illegally to join terrorist or extremist groups .
In southern Xinjiang 's Hotan prefecture , some people have been influenced by IS , but measures taken to eliminate religious extremism can handle the new situation , according to Eziz Musar , the prefecture 's commissioner .
Zhang said Xinjiang has been working hard to end religious extremism while dealing with inroads made by new groups , but this takes time .
`` Xinjiang also has to pay the price when extremists fight back . The region has done a lot to ensure social stability in China , '' he said .
Adudulrekep Tumniaz , president of the Xinjiang Islamic Institute , said the region has more than 12 million Muslims , making up 52 percent of China 's Muslim population . Guiding them in the right direction and keeping them away from religious extremism is a matter of national security .
Shohrat Zakir , the newly elected chairman of Xinjiang , said there have been terrorist activities in the region due to the international situation .
But there will be fewer violent terrorist attacks because authorities have been striking hard against terrorist and extremist activities in accordance with the law , he said .
`` The overall situation in Xinjiang is stable and controllable , '' he said .
He also spoke of the importance of Mandarin education in rural areas of southern Xinjiang , which have seen the most terrorist attacks in the region .
`` Many villagers in southern Xinjiang still can not speak the national common language , which has affected their employment chances . They are also more easily manipulated if they live in closed communities , '' he said .
A documentary has exposed how restaurants rank customers according to looks - and place the people they deem to be pleasing to the eye at the front while hiding the less attractive ones at the back .
Channel 4 's new four-part series , Tricks of the Restaurant Trade , sent models into three top London restaurants where they were given 'golden tables ' - prominent seats near the front .
But those considered to be less attractive were relegated to the areas near the kitchen or toilets - or were even simply told there were no tables available .
The show is presented by Simon Rimmer , Kate Quilton and actor Adam Pearson , who suffers from neurofibromatosis , which has left his face covered in dozens of non-cancerous tumours .
During the experiment Mr Pearson hired the models and sent them into the restaurants shortly before he and a friend also attempted to get a table .
In all three cases the women were given seats in prime locations while the men were either hidden away or refused tables .
Mr Pearson said : 'It 's disappointing . The next time you get sat at the back of the restaurant , now you know why . '
Two restaurateurs interviewed for the show admitted such discrimination is common practice .
TV chef Simon Rimmer , who owns Greens in Manchester and Earle in Cheshire , said : 'Every restaurant has a golden table where they sit the best looking customers .
'A restaurant 's clientèle give off a certain message about the place .
'Good looking customers attract more people and make you more cash so you sit them where they can be seen . '
Neil Gill , who owns London 's Season Kitchen , told The Sun : 'Everybody likes to associate themselves with cool people and good looking people .
'You want to feel like you are eating in a restaurant where there are other cool people . '
Tricks of the Restaurant Trade , which airs on Channel 4 at 8pm on Tuesday , aims to find out how customers can ensure they get the best quality food and reveals some of the techniques that restaurants regularly use .
How much would you pay for a truly one-of-a-kind pair of jeans featuring an abstract pattern of scratches and bite arks designed by lions at a Japanese zoo ? Only ten pairs will be available this year , so you ’ d better be ready to break the piggy bank .
Zoo Jeans are part of a revitalization campaign for Japan ’ s Tohoku region , and were originally thought up at Sendai City ’ s Tohoku Gakuin University . The first pairs were originally launched in 2014 , when lions , tigers and bears were given a series of toys wrapped in denim and allowed to literally leave their mark on the fabric . The toys were then retrieved and the denim was passed over to jeans makers who made sure the placement of claw and bite marks on the pants was just right . Although very pricey , Zoo Jeans proved extremely popular , so this year , the Tohoku Gakuin University is selling another 10 pairs designed by lions , via online auction .
The two resident designers for 2016-edition Zoo Jeans are Curtis , a 19-year-old male lion , and O ’ Neal , a 16-year-old female . On June 25th , they had their favorite playthings wrapped in denim and left to work their magic on them . The material was then sent to Momotaro and Japan Blue , two of the country ’ s top jeans manufacturers to create 10 unique pairs of jeans out of it .
This year ’ s Zoo Jeans will be sold online on August 1st , with auctions starting at 98,000 yen ( US $ 957.55 ) , plus tax , per pair . Proceeds will be donated to Yagiyama Zoological Park to be used for their animal environment preservation activities .
It 's that time of year again - Forbes has released its list of the top 100 highest-paid entertainers and Sean `` Diddy '' Combs is top of the tree .
His earnings of $ 130 million pushed him up from last year 's 22nd spot .
His success is down to his recent US tour , a marketing deal with a vodka company and selling one third of his Sean John clothing line .
Beyonce and JK Rowling took second and third spot , but women comprise just 16 % of the world 's top-earning celebrities .
Newcomers include Kylie Jenner , at number 59 , who is the youngest list member at the age of 19 . Her earnings come from her family 's reality TV show - Keeping Up with the Kardashians - her namesake cosmetics company and clothing line , plus various endorsements .
Half of the top 10 are made up of musicians , while two athletes - Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo and basketball star LeBron James - also make the cut .
1 . Sean `` Diddy '' Combs - $ 130m
Grammy award-winning rapper Combs used to be best known for best-selling albums such as No Way Out and Forever . But the entrepreneur 's business interests have catapulted him into the big time , and he 's jumped from number 22 in last year 's list to nab this year 's top spot .
2 . Beyonce Knowles - $ 105m
Queen Bey needs no introduction but she 's made a big leap up the chart , from number 34 last year . That 's largely due to profits from her Formation tour and her most recent album , the critically-acclaimed Lemonade . Her husband , Jay-Z , could only make number 55 .
3 . JK Rowling - $ 95m
JK Rowling returns to the top 100 , no doubt boosted by the publication of the two-part play , Harry Potter and the Cursed Child and the film release of Potter spin-off , Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them .
4 . Drake - $ 94m
The Canadian hip hop star has jumped from number 69 to number four , more than doubling his fortune through touring and endorsements with the likes of Nike , Sprite and Apple .
5 . Cristiano Ronaldo - $ 93m
The Real Madrid footy star drops just one place on this year 's list . On top of his soccer earnings , the current Fifa world player of the year also has a line of branded products including underwear and jeans , plus a lifetime deal with Nike .
6 . The Weeknd - $ 92m
Another Canadian star , The Weeknd , has cracked the top 10 for the first time , having made it to number 30 last time round . His latest album , Starboy , had the third-largest debut sales week in the US of 2016 . He recently collaborated with Lana Del Ray on duet , Lust for Life .
7 . Howard Stern - $ 90m
US `` shock jock '' and self-styled `` king of all media '' Howard Stern holds on to the seventh spot he occupied last year . The former America 's Got Talent judge is currently part way through a five-year deal with Sirius XM Radio .
8 . Coldplay - $ 88m
Coldplay return to the list following the success of their worldwide A Head Full of Dreams tour , which finished in Australia and New Zealand in December . That 's good news for the charity sector , as the band donate 10 % of their profits to good causes .
9 . James Patterson - $ 87m
Yes , it 's another author on the list - Patterson has published more than 130 titles in his name and is believed to be the world 's best-selling living author . Former US president Bill Clinton is currently writing a novel about the White House in collaboration with him .
10 . LeBron James - $ 86m
Probably the US 's best-known basketball star , the Cleveland Cavaliers player 's $ 31m salary in 2016-17 made him only the third NBA player to earn $ 30m in a season after Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant . His endorsement list ai n't bad either , including brands such as Nike , Coca-Cola and Beats by Dre .
The warmer weather may make it tempting to keep your food as fresh as possible but putting bread , tomatoes and even cake in the fridge is a bad idea , according to experts .
Not only does it fail to make some foods last longer but can even ruin the taste of others such as coffee , the new guide warns .
And if particularly pungent items such as onions are stored there , it can affect other items already in the fridge , says the advice from the Good Housekeeping Institute .
In the guide called 'Nine Things You Should n't Store In The Fridge ' the GHI warns that soaring temperatures can lead to fridges overstocked with food and drink as we fret about it going off in the heat .
It explains : 'During the summer our fridges are crammed full of extra goodies but there are some shelf hoggers than need to be evicted .
'Or worse , are there foods that you keep in the fridge that would be far better , and last far longer , at room temperature ? '
So what are the nine things that should not be kept there and why ? Here 's the rundown :
1 . Bread
It dries and goes stale faster in an airless fridge than in the bread bin . To keep it fresher for longer , use a bread bag in a cool , dry place .
2 . Onions
Ditch the salad draw and pick a dry , ventilated area and keep it dark to avoid them sprouting . In the fridge , their aroma can taint other foods .
3 . Garlic
Also needs to be kept in a dry , ventilated area to last longer . The fridge does nothing to help it stay fresh for longer .
4 . Avocados
Best kept in open brown bags if you do n't want them to ripen too quickly . If you do want to speed up the ripening process , put them in the fruit bowl next to a banana instead .
5 . Tomatoes
The colder they get , the more of their natural taste they tend to lose . The best tasting tomatoes are those kept at room temperature .
6 . Honey
Literally the only food that never goes off , so there is absolutely no need for it to go anywhere except in the food cupboard .
7 . Cake
With the exception of those made with real cream , almost all others will last for just as long in an airtight container .
8 . Melons
Uncut , the fruits do not need to take up all that space on a fridge shelf . Once it 's been cut , wrap it in clingfilm and put it in the fridge - but not before .
9 . Coffee
Although some foodies insist on having it stored cold , coffee actually absorbs the smells of other foods around it in the fridge . Best kept in an airtight container instead .
A debate over the correct way to wear earrings is raging over Facebook after a man posted that you should remove the plastic backing from ear studs before they are worn . Joseph Ayoub wrote : 'After my 19 years of living , I have now realized you 're supposed to take the plastic part off . '
More than 71,575 people have 'liked ' the post , with 10,000 users weighing in on the discussion , including a huge number of women insisting that you are meant to keep the plastic on to protect your ears .
Others expressed shock about the revelation with one woman in disbelief that she had been walking around with 'plastic things ' on her ears for years .
After finding out the news , another wrote : 'My whole life has been a joke , '
And even a jewellery shop worker voiced confusion over the post . Ej Bonifacio wrote : 'I worked at a jewelry store for three years and my brain just exploded . '
But a counter-argument is gathering pace as many comments suggest you should be keeping the backing on .
One of the most popular comments with over 3,000 likes said the plastic provides a purpose . One woman said : 'It keeps heavier or larger earrings in place so that they do n't hang down on your ear . '
Another said the plastic prevents the piercing from stretching too much and can stop you from having saggy lobes later in life . Colleen Lyons wrote : 'It 's for people whose ear piercings have stretched with age . '
But some people have now decided to take the plastic off following on from the Facebook debate . Carolin Koch wrote : 'The moment when you realize your ears are stretched and you do n't care about the plastic . ' Claiming she knew along , another said : 'Everyone knows to take the plastic off , I feel smart for once . '
A cursory scroll through Instagram on any given day is likely to return three types of pictures : selfies , sunsets and food . Lots of food .
The unfortunate truth is that unless you 've got a particularly good eye , even the most delicious meringue can end up looking a foamy mess under the merciless flash of a smartphone camera .
Read on for hints and tips from seasoned food photographer Hugh Johnson , who has shot Heston Blumenthal , Yotam Ottolenghi and Thomasina Miers ' creations , to learn how your images can look as good as these .
1 . Do n't overcrowd the shot
Do n't try and capture too much in a single image , especially if it 's going to be cropped and uploaded to Instagram anyway . Focus on a key area , such as the sheen of an egg yolk or a steak 's pink centre , but not so closely a viewer wo n't be able to tell what it is .
2 . Consider the lighting
Using a flash in a dim restaurant will bleach your food of any defining features and splashes of colour . A plate will always look better in natural light , but when sunshine is out of the question , make sure you 're focused on using as much of the available light as possible , or try and use the shadow to your advantage .
3 . Keep it steady
Tuck your elbows closely into your sides to keep the camera as stable as possible and avoid blurring . Optical image stabilisation on smartphones including the HTC 10 , LG G5 and iPhone 6s Plus can also help to keep this to a minimum .
4 . Move things around
Too many people ruin what would be a perfectly good shot by failing to consider the backdrop properly . Make sure all menus and unruly napkins are out of sight , alongside any dirty cutlery or smartphones on the table , and let the food take centre-stage .
5 . Consider using a proper camera
While smartphone cameras are increasingly capable , they do n't all come with the array of functions and lenses as you can achieve with a DSLR . If you 're serious about your Instagramming , changing lenses is helpful to achieve focus .
6 . Use the widest aperture possible
This will only apply to those using full cameras , but using the widest aperture available to you will ensure the maximum level of light , allowing the majority of focus on the foreground .
7 . Add oil or water
Adding oil or water to food , particularly salad or vegetables , adds an appealing glisten that works well on camera . This can help avoid the meal looking flat or like it 's been sat out for a few hours , which it might well have .
It was supposed to be an honour befitting of an `` example of excellence '' , the four-time footballer of the year who led Portugal to victory in last year 's European Championship .
Instead , the bronze bust commemorating Cristiano Ronaldo 's new namesake airport attracted widespread derision .
This most recent honour was bestowed on Ronaldo by Portugal 's president and prime minister at a ceremony on Wednesday . It saw the international airport in Ronaldo 's homeland Madeira renamed Aeroporto Cristiano Ronaldo . The 32-year-old footballer already has a statue , a museum and a hotel named after him on the island .
Ronaldo tweeted that he was `` happy and honoured '' and `` proud '' to lend his name to the airport , complete with some illustrative thumbs-up , OK-sign and plane emojis .
But Ronaldo has thus far been silent on the online reaction to the bust in his likeness .
Many social media users have suggested it does not bear much resemblance to the Real Madrid striker , sharing their observations in their masses to the hashtag # RonaldoBust .
The rich are set to become God-like cyborgs in what could be the 'biggest evolution in biology ' since life emerged .
This is according to Yuval Noah Harari , a professor at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , who believes the radical shift will take place in the next 200 years .
Using biotechnology and genetic engineering , Professor Harari claims the wealthy will transform into a new type of divine , immortal human with complete power over life and death .
He argues that humans are unable to resist the temptation to 'upgrade ' themselves , according to a report by Sarah Knapton in the Telegraph .
'We are programmed to be dissatisfied , ' said Professor Harari , during a recent speech at the Hay literary festival in Wales .
'Even when humans gain pleasure and achievements it is not enough . They want more and more .
'I think it is likely in the next 200 years or so homo sapiens will upgrade themselves into some idea of a divine being , either through biological manipulation or genetic engineering or by the creation of cyborgs , part organic part non-organic .
'It will be the greatest evolution in biology since the appearance of life . Nothing really has changed in four billion years biologically speaking .
'But we will be as different from today 's humans as chimps are now from us . '
The technology to do this , however , will be restricted to the very wealthy , claims Professor Harari .
Up until now , he says society has been held together by inventing 'fictions ' , such as religion , money and the idea of fundamental human rights .
As long as humans believed they relied more and more on these gods they were controllable , he said .
'But what we see in the last few centuries is humans becoming more powerful and they no longer need the crutches of the Gods . '
He added that the most interesting place in the world from a religious perspective is not the Middle East but Silicon Valley .
Here , people are developing what he describes as a 'techno-religion ' in which they believe death is just a technological problem .
'Now we are saying we do not need God just technology , ' he added .
The next season of ITV 's period drama Downton Abbey will be its last , its makers have announced . `` Inevitably there comes a time when all shows should end and Downton is no exception , '' said the program 's executive producer Gareth Neame .
Created by Julian Fellowes , the show follows an aristocratic family 's fortunes from 1912 to the mid-1920s .
Hugh Bonneville and Elizabeth McGovern have played the Earl and Countess of Grantham since the show began in 2010 .
The drama has won a string of awards since its inception , including two Baftas , three Golden Globes and 11 Primetime Emmys .
Its success both at home and abroad was recently demonstrated when the Duchess of Cambridge went to see it being filmed at Ealing Studios in west London .
`` The Downton journey has been amazing for everyone aboard , '' said Lord Fellowes , whose next project will be The Gilded Age , a period drama set in New York .
`` People ask if we knew what was going to happen when we started to make the first series and the answer is that , of course we had no idea .
`` Exactly why the series had such an impact and reached so many people around the world , all nationalities , all ages , all types , I can not begin to explain . ''
`` But I do know how grateful we are to have been allowed this unique experience . ''
Michelle Dockery , Jim Carter and Dame Maggie Smith are among other regulars on the show , which has seen both the masters and the servants at the titular stately home - actuallyHighclereCastlein Hampshire - deal with numerous tribulations .
One of its most controversial storylines involved the rape of Joanne Froggatt 's character Anna , while the sudden demise of Matthew Crawley ( Dan Stevens ) was greeted with dismay by the show 's many fans .
More recently viewers have seen Bonneville 's character bid farewell to his beloved dogIsisand both Anna and her husband ( Brendan Coyle ) face prison for the murder of her attacker .
The show has also had a glitzy array of guest stars , among them Shirley MacLaine , Paul Giamatti , Richard E Grant and Nigel Havers .
`` We wanted to close the doors of Downton Abbey when it felt right and natural for the storylines to come together and when the show was still being enjoyed so much by its fans , '' said Neame .
`` We can promise a final season full of all the usual drama and intrigue , but with the added excitement of discovering how and where they all end up . ''
Peter Fincham , ITV 's director of television , said the nine-episode sixth series would come to an end with a `` concluding special '' on Christmas Day .
Speaking to journalists on Thursday , however , Neame did not dismiss talk of a potential film spin-off , saying it was `` definitely something we 're contemplating . ''
These ingenious moulds grow fruit and veg into bizarre shapes - including little Buddha pears and square watermelons .
China-based Fruit Mould Co is behind the crazy contraptions and have been commissioned worldwide to help people make odd-shaped produce .
Its website says : 'Fruit Mould Co. , Ltd specialises in creating one of a kind , high quality fruit and vegetable moulds to transform regular fruits into wacky and weird shapes that you 've never seen before .
'Imagine square watermelons , heart-shaped cucumbers and Buddha shaped pears . '
The moulds work by farmers placing them over the stems of growing produce and then allowing the fruit and veg to slowly fill them as they develop .
Some moulds are even designed so there can be words put on the items - including heart shaped apples with the word 'love ' across them .
The company , based in Suzhou , Jiangsu , eastern China , even offers custom designs through its website .
One of the moulds offered by the company is skull-shaped , allowing customers to create ghoulish pumpkin skulls for Halloween .
The company says on its website that strangely shaping food can 'add more value ' to items as well as drawing more attention to them .
The company claims 'any kind of fruit can be shaped by the moulds ' .
Dreading the thought of another session at the gym , or wishing you could painlessly work off that extra slice of cake without an exhausting run around the park ?
Here ’ s the good news : it may be possible to ditch those excess calories without even noticing .
‘ While there ’ s no substitute for a workout to keep you healthy , your body burns a surprising number of calories as you go about your daily activities , ’ says personal trainer and exercise guru Mark Healy .
‘ From shopping to washing and everything in between , if you ’ re too busy to hit the gym then it ’ s worth going about your daily tasks with gusto to help burn the maximum calories . ’
So what else in your daily life can help you drop a dress size without working up a sweat ? You ’ ll be surprised to discover how painless it can be .
ENJOYING A SMOOCH
Maybe you haven ’ t spent significant amounts of time kissing since you were a teenager , and these days you ’ d rather sleep than smooch . But if passion for your partner isn ’ t enough motivation , consider the fact that kissing and hugging can take inches off your waistline .
If it ’ s really passionate , according to health expert Professor Bryant Stamford of Hanover College , Indiana , a good snog can burn up to two calories a minute .
‘ Intimate contact increases oxytocin levels that help to reduce stress levels , blood pressure and heart disease , and can help you burn up to 60 calories every half hour , ’ agrees Mark Healy .
So it might be worth greeting your partner with more than the usual brief , peck on the cheek .
Calories burned per hour : Up to 120
Equivalent exercise : A 20 minute run
TRYING ON CLOTHES
Carting armfuls of clothes in and out of the changing room , struggling into tight polo necks and out of pencil skirts , marching determinedly from one shop to the next and back again - it ’ s just as exhausting as a trip to the gym and , hurrah , just as good for you .
According to a recent survey by Debenhams , the average woman burns 385 calories looking for the perfect outfit , taking an average of 7,305 steps .
‘ You can burn up to 130 calories an hour on a shopping trip , ’ says Healy . ‘ All that contorting and pulling items on and off is good for stretching muscles and increasing blood flow , too . ’
Calories burned per hour : Up to 130
Equivalent exercise : 20 push-ups
COOKING DINNER
You probably do it every night without thinking about it .
And while shoving a ready meal in the microwave won ’ t burn much off , an hour ’ s chopping , lifting , stirring and blending will give you a decent mini-workout , plus the satisfaction that you ’ ve earned the meal you ’ re about to eat .
Chop root vegetables with a bit of enthusiasm , use a pestle and mortar to crush spices rather than an electric grinder , and do the washing-up yourself rather than languidly stacking the dishwasher . It all adds up to a very respectable 150-plus calories an hour .
‘ Cooking is an excellent way to burn off calories , ’ says Healy .
‘ Rustling up your favourite meal not only gives your arms a big workout with all the lifting of heavy pans , chopping and stirring , but also encourages you to make things from scratch rather than ordering an unhealthy takeaway . ’
Calories burned per hour : 150 to 240
Equivalent exercise : A half-hour jog
A SUPERMARKET DASH
Just doing the weekly shop can burn calories faster than Jessica Ennis-Hill can say ‘ heptathlon ’ .
As your trolley fills up , you ’ re effectively doing resistance training , firming up arms , legs and torso . Piling your trolley with heavy items first - tins , bottles and potatoes - intensifies the workout .
‘ Reaching and bending down to pick up products also activates a variety of muscles , ’ says Mark Healy .
Calories burned per hour : Up to 200 with a heavy shop
Equivalent exercise : 40 minutes of badminton
A LONG , HOT BATH
Sinking gently into a hot bath is all about relaxing and singing along to Radio 2 , not dieting , surely ?
Not so : a Loughborough University study revealed that a steamy bath of 40c can melt away 140 calories ( that ’ s a significant 7 percent of a daily allowance of 2,000 ) , and that sitting in one for an hour causes an 80 percent increase in energy expenditure , lowering blood glucose levels as a result .
‘ Taking a hot bath not only relaxes muscles , but also stimulates the release of heat shock proteins , ’ says Mark . These are proteins produced by cells under stressful conditions , which scientists think may divert glucose into muscles and away from the bloodstream .
‘ Coupled with activities such as exfoliating , scrubbing your back and shaving your legs , you could burn a significant number of calories just getting clean , ’ he adds .
Calories burned per hour : Up to 140
Equivalent exercise : 15 minutes ’ vigorous swimming
HAVING A GOOD LAUGH
It ’ s hard to believe that sitting in the cinema watching the Ab Fab movie could do you as much good as a post-work circuit of the gym , but laughter is a full-body experience that can leave you as exhausted as a treadmill session .
Research from Vanderbilt University , Nashville , published in the International Journal of Obesity , found that just 15 minutes of good , hard laughing a day will burn up to 40 calories - enough to drop 4 lb of excess weight a year .
‘ Laughing is the perfect way to give your abdominal muscles a real work out , second only to an intense session of crunches , ’ says Mark . ‘ It ’ s a brilliant way to relieve physical tension and stress , too , leaving you relaxed for up to 45 minutes . ’
Try laughing little and often , whether it ’ s during a phone call with your best friend , or watching a DVD of your favourite comedian .
Calories burned per hour : Up to 160
Equivalent exercise : Half an hour of physically demanding gardening
Japan ’ s first ever ‘ naked restaurant ’ is anything but stripped back when it comes to its rules for diners . Full nudity is off the menu , with guests to be issued with paper underwear . And if you are overweight or over 60 your chances of dining at the restaurant are slim .
The food may be organic but the “ Adam and Eve-style banquet ” promises to be heavily restricted . The pop-up dining experience is due to open in Tokyo on July 29 under the name Amrita , which stems from the Sanskrit word for immortality .
Japanese diners have already shown they are keen with tickets , ranging in price from £90 for a meal to £520 for food and dance show , sold out for several nights including the opening one .
But many eager to eat in the buff could find themselves rebuffed at the door as the Tokyo management have laid down stringent entry rules which they will go to some lengths to maintain .
The age limit is 18 to 60 and anyone more than 33lbs over the average weight for their height will be asked not to make a reservation .
Those who do turn up with tickets and appear overweight could face the embarrassing ordeal of being weighed and rejected with no ticket refund .
Rules on the restaurant ’ s website state : `` We ask anyone more than 15 kg [ 33 lbs ] above the average weight for their height to refrain from making a reservation . ”
“ In London they allow overweight patrons in and some guests complained they had a terrible experience , ” Amrita spokeswoman Miki Komatsu told AFP .
She added : “ If fat people are allowed in it could be miserable for some guests . Guests can see the guidelines clearly on our homepage . We are aiming for a sort of Roman aesthetic , like the beautiful paintings you see in museums . ”
Tattooed diners will also be turned away , body art in Japan is often considered a link with underworld groups .
For those who do make it into the restaurant , the table etiquette rules are tight . Diners may not ‘ cause a nuisance to other diners ’ with uninvited small talk or touch other restaurant goers .
Cameras and mobiles phones have to be locked in a box on the table . And despite billing itself as a “ naked ” restaurant , patrons will be asked to wear paper underwear . Even the Western waiters will be wearing g-strings as they perform a stage show for the diners .
The trend for naked dining has already taken London by storm where Bunyadi opened to the public in Shoreditch this weekend . With a waiting list of 44,200 people , the restaurant offers diners the chance to dine clothed or naked in a very natural environment without electricity or gas on handmade clay plates using edible cutlery .
Bunyadi founder Seb Lyall said : “ The idea is to experience pure liberation . We believe people should get the chance to enjoy and experience a night out without any impurities : no chemicals , no artificial colours , no electricity , no gas , no phone and even no clothes if they wish to . ”
We recently asked netizens to tell us the best post-grad advice they ’ ve ever received . Here ’ s what they had to say :
2 . The only thing you have to be is yourself .
“ The best advice I ever received came from ’ 90s pop god , Ethan Hawke , in Reality Bites : ‘ Honey , the only thing you have to be by the age of 23 is yourself. ’ ” — courtneys61
4 . You have to jump .
“ You ’ re going to jump alone , with no one else beside you . But you ’ re GON NA jump . Just remember you don ’ t jump the same as everyone else . Your timeline isn ’ t theirs . They might land a big dream job in a month , and maybe you ’ ll get yours a year from now , or even 10 years . But you will get there . First though , you have to jump. ” — MelisCapozio
5 . “ You ’ re now your own personal brand . Be sure to market wisely. ” — Margaret Aprison , Facebook
7 . You are your biggest obstacle .
“ ‘ You are your biggest obstacle , ’ spoken by the best teacher/friend I ’ ve ever had . She didn ’ t BS us but told us we are the only ones to blame if we don ’ t like our situation. ” — lizv4367ed200
10 . `` Always try to make the familiar strange and the strange familiar . `` —lydiag43095082e
13 . Newtwork .
“ My graphic design professor said ‘ it ’ s all about who you know , so network as much as you can ! ’ ” — carleyc48360faa9
16 . `` No matter how you spend 'em ... there 's 24 hours in a day . '' —danyelllar
Combining razor-sharp axes and alcohol sounds like a very bad idea , but it seems to be working for the Timber Lounge , a popular axe-throwing bar in Halifax , Nova Scotia .
The Timber Lounge offers patrons sick of urban sports like bowling , darts or pool a new way to unwind . Axe-throwing has long been a popular pastime among lumberjacks in Nova Scotia , and Darren Hudson , a fifth-generation sawmill operator from Shelburne County , decided to bring it to the masses . He partnered with fellow axe-throwing enthusiast Marc Chisholm and together they founded the city ’ s first axe-throwing lounge . Adrenalin junkies can get their fix by balancing sharp hatchets and double-edged axes over their heads before hurling them at painted wooden bullseyes . Between sessions , they can step into the lounge area to enjoy Nova Scotia food and craft beers .
Beer and sharp axes don ’ t really go well together , but Hudson says safety is their top priority . The most important rule of the Timber Lounge is that no one throws axes when they ’ re too intoxicated . Coaches employed here give beginners quick lessons on how to handle and throw the axes and are also responsible with keeping an eye on patrons and making sure they don ’ t drink too much alcohol . Also , weapons are always stored safely away from the lounge area , which is separated by the throwing lanes by a wood and Plexiglass wall .
“ Axe throwing is great because it ’ s for everybody , ” Hudson says . “ Within just one evening someone can get exceptionally good at it . This year I ’ ve seen six people throw a bullseye on their first throw , it ’ s such a gratifying feeling. ” And judging by how popular the Timber Lounge has become in just a few months since its grand opening , it ’ s clear that locals have really taking a liking to it .
“ The group bookings have been coming in steady and usually on Thursday , Friday and Saturday nights , we ’ re just packed , ” co-owner Marc Chisholm says . “ Typically groups range from eight to 14 people and we ’ ve had a few bachelor parties come through. ” The pastime has become so popular that there ’ s now a local axe-throwing league being held at the Timber Lounge every Wednesday .
Axe-throwing at the Timber Lounge costs $ 25 to $ 35 for a 90-minute , two-lane session .
`` Downton Abbey '' took many twists and received many accolades in its six-season run , but the show got a new spin recently on `` The Late Show With Stephen Colbert . ''
Colbert gave cue cards of a `` Downton '' scene to Michelle Dockery , Hugh Bonneville and Allen Leech , who play Mary Crawley , Robert Crawley and Tom Branson , respectively , on the ITV show .
`` One of the things that I suspect makes the show so alluring and seem in some ways like a fairy tale to us in the United States is just how plummy all your accents are , '' Colbert told the cast . `` So I 'd like to try an experiment now , if you do n't mind . Can you guys try an American accent for me ? ''
Bonneville chose a gravelly Yankee accent for the Americanized Lord Grantham , while Dockery went for California `` Valley girl '' Mary and Leech opted for a whiny fashionista version of Tom .
Eon Productions and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer — the companies behind the James Bond franchise — announced on Monday ( July 24 ) night their next 007 thriller would reach cinemas November 8 , 2019 . However , there was no announcement over who would be playing the iconic character .
The New York Times has since confirmed recent reports that Daniel Craig will return , despite having previously said he would rather “ slash his wrists ” than play the character again .
Two sources told the publication Craig ’ s contract was a done deal ; separate sources told The Mirror earlier this year that Craig had “ changed his mind ” about playing Bond and that franchise producer Barbara Broccoli has “ secured ” the actor .
It was previously reported that Craig was offered up to £120 million to return as the spy for two more films despite attention surrounding fellow candidates Tom Hiddleston , Idris Elba , James Norton and Poldark star Aidan Turner .
Dunkirk ’ s Christopher Nolan has been one director in talks regarding the upcoming film following Sam Mendes departure , saying in a recent interview : “ I ’ ve spoken to the producers Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson over the years . I deeply love the character , and I ’ m always excited to see what they do with it .
“ Maybe one day that would work out . You ’ d have to be needed , if you know what I mean . It has to need reinvention ; it has to need you . And they ’ re getting along very well . ”
The producers are also rumoured to be “ determined ” to bring back Adele to record the theme tune after singing the lead track on Skyfall — the first 007 theme to win a Grammy and a Golden Globe award .
The new film does not have a formal title yet . It will be written by Neal Purvis and Robert Wade , the duo who handled the scripts for Casino Royale , Quantum of Solace , Skyfall and Spectre .
One very brave Sydney lawyer has broken a world record by running a marathon in a three-piece suit .
Matthew Whitaker , 25 , entered the Sydney Running Festival on Sunday with the aim of taking home a grander prize than just a fast time - which for him was an incredible two hours , 44 minutes and 29 seconds and a Guinness World Record .
In a tremendous feat the North Bondi local donned a woollen suit and tie one size larger than his actual size and set about running 42 kilometres in it .
'The first half was fine , but the last 15-20 kilometres were really , really horrible , ' Mr Whitaker told the Sydney Morning Herald .
'It got really heavy and restrictive and slowed me down a fair bit . '
The lawyer had spent time training in the suit , running around Sydney 's iconic Centennial Parklands and Bondi beach , but nothing could have prepared him for the grueling stint in sunny Spring weather .
While the rules stated he needed to wear a full suit with his top button done up at all times to break the record , Mr Whitaker was allowed to wear trainers .
In pictures from the event , which sees the Harbour Bridge shut down for the morning , the 25-year-old can be seen sweating straight through his pant legs .
Mr Whitaker admitted after the race that even dry cleaning it may not revive the standard work attire .
Incredibly he was n't the only person trying to break that world record on the day - beating out Michael Tozer for the top spot .
The pair posed for a photo together despite only being acquaintances before the race began .
The previous record holder was Joe Elliott with a time of 2:58:03 - beaten by Mr Whitaker by more than 14 minutes .
In total the Sydney Running Festival raised over $ 1.5 million for charities this year .
A public elementary school in New York Cityhas stopped giving its students homework .
P.S . 116 Principal Jane Hsu wrote a letter to parents last month detailing the decision , explaining that after more than a year of analyzing studies , the school had concluded that students ’ after-school time would be better spent on activities like reading at their own pace and playing rather than working on class assignments .
Hsu ’ s letter says that many studies indicate that there is no connection between homework and academic success . Indeed , there are some studies that show that the link between homework and success is dubious at the primary school level .
A seminal 1989 study on homework by Harris Cooper , a social psychologist who researches education , found that doing homework led students to perform better in school as they grew older . In later grades , students who did homework performed increasingly better than students who did not . In 2006 , Cooper published a study that analyzed 15 years ' worth of data on the effectiveness of homework . He found that homework had a more positive impact on students as they aged , and identified stronger correlations between homework and achievement for students in grades seven through 12 than for students in kindergarten through sixth grade .
A 2012 study from the Indiana University School of Education on 10th-graders found little correlation between time spent on homework and better course grades , although it did find a positive correlation between homework time and standardized test performance .
Some parents of P.S . 116 students are not happy with the decision to eliminate homework .
“ I think they should have homework -- some of it is about discipline . I want [ my daughter ] to have fun , but I also want her to be working towards a goal , ” Daniel Tasman , the father of a second-grader at the school , told DNAinfo .
“ You have to do homework in order to gain ; you have to do homework because they may not be able to comprehend everything in school , ” Sharon Blake , a grandmother of a P.S . 116 student , told ABC news .
HBO has long stood as a bastion for some of the best shows television has to offer . Its lengthy history is occupied by a handful of truly great series , all culminating in the impressive run it 's currently experiencing with Game of Thrones . The adaptation of George R.R . Martin 's popular novels has become one of TV 's most-watched weekly events every spring . Like all good things though , Game of Thrones eventually will come to an end , with just two shortened seasons left before it goes off the air for good ( at least in its current form ) . This imminent departure leads us to one question : What 's next for HBO ?
With Game of Thrones set to exit stage left , the network is going to need an heir apparent . Lucky for them , they 've been preparing one for years now with Westworld . The artificial intelligence-centric sci-fi epic will seek to ease the pain of leaving Westeros , and from the look of early trailers , we see no reason why it wo n't . Here 's why .
1 . Westworld already has a five year plan in place
The long-term success of any show is rooted in the ability of its writers to plan out its story on a large scale . Game of Thrones ' own roadmap was already in place before its first episode ever aired , helped by George R.R . Martin 's series of novels . In terms of the years-long production process , Westworld lead actor James Marsden provides us with some insight , courtesy of Entertainment Weekly .
It was n't about getting the first 10 ( episodes ) done , it was about mapping out what the next five or six years are going to be . We wanted everything in line so that when the very last episode airs and we have our show finale , five or seven years down the line , we knew how it was going to end the first season .
Compare that to the decidedly more `` fly by the seat of their pants '' approach of sci-fi contemporaries like Lost and Battlestar Galactica , and we see a far more meticulously crafted narrative for Westworld . This only serves to strengthen the long-term potential of the fledgling series , helped by an already fully-formed story arc .
2 . The A-list cast
Game of Thrones is famous for bringing in the most talented actors in the business , from Peter Dinklage 's lengthy run as Tyrion Lannister , to Ian McShane 's tragically short-lived appearance last season . Westworld will be pulling out all the stops for its own cast , bringing on Anthony Hopkins , Evan Rachel Wood , Ed Harris , James Marsden , and Jeffrey Wright .
This is n't just a TV-worthy collection of actors either ; it 's a cast that would be coveted for even the most high-profile of summer blockbusters . Whether or not the show up ends up being a thematic success remains to be seen , but even if it flopped story-wise , it would n't be for lack of talent attached to the project .
3 . A strong original story from Michael Crichton
Michael Crichton is most known as the mastermind behind the original Jurassic Park novel . That said , his body of work expands far beyond just that , having written and directed the 1973 film HBO 's own iteration of Westworld is based on .
4 . The showrunners
A show is only as good as the people in charge of its creative direction . In the case of Westworld , the team of writers and producers is a veritable who 's who of sci-fi luminaries . Jonathan Nolan ( The Dark Knight ) and Lisa Joy ( Pushing Daisies ) are attached as the showrunners , while J.J. Abrams and Bryan Burk ( Star Wars : The Force Awakens , Fringe ) will serve as executive producers . There are a whole lot of talented cooks in the kitchen , and combined , they make up an A-team worthy of Westworld 's bold premise .
5 . There 's nothing like Westworld on TV today
Part of what 's made Game of Thrones so impactful in the landscape of modern TV has been the way it 's blazed brand new territory for fantasy epics . You 'd be hard-pressed to find another show that 's managed to accomplish what GoT has , despite the better efforts of pale imitations ( looking at you , Marco Polo ) .
Westworld 's own creative ambitions are similarly unique . If it ends up catching on , it has the potential to launch the artificial intelligence sci-fi concept into the television mainstream . Of course it could also fly too close to the sun and burn up in a blaze of glory , but at least for now , we remain cautiously optimistic based on the initial buzz .
The footage shows clips of the new White House communications director , and the president side by side as they address a crowd .
The cleverly edited clip shows both men performing eerily similar gestures as they speak .
Even down to the moment where Trump blew a kiss to reporters , which Scaramucci repeated hours after being appointed to his new job .
Scaramucci has not commented the theories .
Reports of Scaramucci deleting yearsold tweets surfaced Friday , including two tweets from 2012 in which he called Trump 'so smart with no judgment ' and called Trump 's future opponent , Hillary Clinton , 'incredibly competent . '
The newly appointed communications director acknowledged Saturday that he was deleting old tweets criticizing Trump and supporting policies Trump opposes .
'Full transparency : I 'm deleting old tweets . Past views evolved & amp ; should n't be a distraction . I serve @ POTUS agenda & amp ; that 's all that matters . '
The White House has been plagued by unflattering stories coming out in the media , with journalists quoting a number of Trump aides without using their names .
On Face the Nation , he talked about his plans to plug up leaks .
Leakers , he told Dickerson , were going to get fired .
'I 'm going to make it very , very clear , OK ? ' Scaramucci said .
'Tomorrow I 'm going to have a staff meeting . And it 's going to be a very binary thing . I 'm not going to make any prejudgments about anybody on that staff . If they want to stay on , they 're going to stop leaking . '
Julianne Moore , 55
At 55 , Julianne Moore bucks the idea that women of a certain age need to have short hair . Her long locks help keep her waves in check . She told Redbook in 2014 , “ One of the reasons I wear my hair long now is that the weight helps keep it smooth. ” As for her equally smooth skin ? “ Sunscreen is my number-one thing , ” she said . “ I ’ ve worn it every day since I was 23 . ”
Demi Moore , 53
The 53-year-old actress and model attributes her youthful skin to one thing : moisturizer . “ I moisturize , moisturize , moisturize , ” Moore told Marie Claire . “ No matter how late it is , when I get home , I take the time to clean and moisturize my face . I ’ m a big believer in that if you focus on good skin care , you really won ’ t need a lot of makeup . ”
Iman , 60
Although former supermodel Iman claims that genetics are responsible for her aging so beautifully , her attention to her skincare and exercise regimen certainly help . Iman makes sure to clean and moisturize her face twice a day and never skips sunscreen . She uses SK-II Facial Treatment Cleanser , according to Harper 's Bazaar , and does yoga and Pilates . “ Cardio is the most important thing , ” she told The Telegraph .
Viola Davis , 50
Award-winning actress and How to Get Away With Murder star Viola Davis shared her secret to smooth skin on The Ellen DeGeneres show . She rubs her skin with Crisco , the white vegetable shortening , to combat dry skin and reduce friction from bunions . She massaged Crisco onto her toes before the SAG Awards just in case , she told DeGeneres .
Rita Moreno , 84
Rita Moreno is best known for playing Anita in West Side Story , and the 84-year-old actress is the only Latina to win an Emmy , a Tony , a Grammy , and an Oscar . Moreno told Fox News Magazine she keeps her skin healthy thanks to exfoliating every day for years . She also shared some makeup tips : She recommends applying foundation with a brush and finishing with a sponge if you need to . And remember to blend well . “ You always see the foundation end at the chin . It has to go further down . The decolleté area , ” she said .
Tina Turner , 76
Age-defying singer Tina Turner has kept her famous legs looking fabulous over the years . The 76-year-old told the Mirror in 2009 that her not-so-secret secret to looking great - “ The main reason I ’ ve stayed looking good is that I ’ ve spent 40 years doing the most intensive stage workouts ever , ” she said . Her best tip to looking and feeling great at any age , however , is self-confidence . “ My greatest beauty secret is being happy with myself , ” she told Woman & amp ; Home magazine . “ I believe that a lot of how you look is to do with how you feel about yourself and your life . Happiness is the greatest beauty secret .
Gloria Estefan , 58
Fifty-eight-year-old singer Gloria Estefan ’ s beauty secret starts with happiness and love , but her dedication to exercise and skincare also help her look her best , she says . She never sleeps with makeup on and exfoliates and exercises religiously , according to Healthy Living Made Simple . She recommends using a magnifying mirror when applying makeup so you can “ see all that is going on with your skin . ”
Cindy Crawford , 50
Model Cindy Crawford turned 50 this year , and although she ’ s genetically blessed , she dished on some beauty secrets that have helped keep her looking half her age to Allure magazine . “ You can get any plastic surgery in the world , but hair color is what enables women to look younger longer , ” she said . She gives herself hair treatments to keep it conditioned . She also takes aging in stride , however , saying “ I don ’ t care how much you work out or how much cream you put on - things change . ”
In Japan , where communal ties to local Buddhist temples are fading , families have in recent years been able to go online to find a Buddhist monk to perform funerals and other rituals .
But when Amazon Japan allowed a provider to offer `` Obo-san bin , '' or `` Mr. Monk Delivery , '' on its website , it shone a spotlight on the emerging trend and prompted a major Buddhist organization to criticize the Internet marketer of commercializing religion .
A basic plan for monk , transportation and a donation offered by the Tokyo-based provider , Minrevi Co. , one of dozens of emerging budget companies , costs 35,000 yen ( $ 300 ) . Three other options are available for more money . The monks would typically go to a home , funeral hall or a grave to perform the requested ceremony .
`` Such a thing is allowed in no other country in the world . In this regard , we must say we are disappointed by an attitude toward religion by Amazon , '' Akisato Saito , director of the Japan Buddhist Association , said in a statement .
Many Japanese , however , welcome the service as a consumer-friendly approach to Buddhist rituals , whose cost is often perceived as murky and overpriced . Buddhist-style memorial services offered by temples comparable to the `` monk delivery '' could cost as 100,000 yen ( $ 830 ) . Funerals are even more expensive and can cost well over 1 million yen ( $ 8,500 ) .
Monk delivery services have emerged as many of Japan 's 75,000 temples are losing offerings and business with hereditary members in their communities which traditionally have been the main source of financial support . That is threatening the survival of many temples in rural areas . In fact , some experts predict that the majority of Japanese temples without income from tourism and other businesses are expected to close over the next several decades .
Minrevi spokesman Jumpei Masano says the service seems to attract those who want to have Buddhist funerals but are uneasy about pricing system , and want to keep their distance from temples .
`` Many people do n't have ties with temples and they have no idea where and how to arrange Buddhist rituals , while monks are increasingly concerned about their declining temple membership , '' Masano said . `` We can cater to the needs on both sides and hopefully we can bring them together . ''
Some monks acknowledge that the growing business highlight the Buddhist temples ' complacency and their failure to reach out and adapt to the people 's needs .
`` We do understand there are criticisms of us as well and we take them seriously . And we must ask ourselves if and how we can change , '' said Hanyu Kakubo , public relations secretary for the Japan Buddhist Association .
When Yutaka Uematsu 's 17-year-old son Kakeru died just over a month ago after battling cancer , he searched on the Internet for a funeral service provider .
Uematsu did n't consider asking his father 's family temple as he had heard the prices charged for a family member 's funeral were `` outrageous . ''
So he and his wife went to the Minrevi website and picked for their son a package at a price less than half or even cheaper than an average , conventional service .
`` Honestly , the cost was my biggest concern , '' Uematsu said . `` I liked its price system that was simple and clear . ''
At first , he was worried about the quality of the service he might get , but that was n't a problem . A 24-hour customer service line was also helpful for the couple emotionally devastated by the loss of their son . While it did n't offer counseling services , representatives could be reached regarding funeral details at any time , helping them feel more at ease during a painful time . Uematsu also arranged the traditional 49th-day posthumous ritual for his son using the same service .
Amazon declined to comment , saying it 's only renting the space to Minrevi to promote the service , which offers only for monk delivery and a separate 20,000-yen ( $ 170 ) charge for a posthumous Buddhist title , not funeral packages .
Minrevi , whose orders for the monk delivery service has tripled over the past five years , said Internet-based inquiries and phone calls surged after it placed the service on Amazon . More surprisingly , some 100 monks came forward to register for the delivery service . The company already has contracts with 400 monks nationwide , said Masano , the spokesman .
Kaichi Watanabe , the 40-year-old monk dispatched to a memorial ceremony for the Uematsu family recently , said he had been looking ways to perform rituals to earn a living and meet more people to share Buddha 's teachings .
His elder brother had succeeded the temple founded by their grandfather , also a monk , in Fukushima prefecture , so Watanabe had to go elsewhere . About a year ago , he found Minrevi and signed a contract .
`` Today , nobody comes to temples asking for us to perform funerals for their parents , '' Watanabe said in an interview before the service , at which he chanted in front of an altar decorated with chrysanthemum flowers and Kakeru 's photo in a black frame . `` I 'm hoping that a service like this , a brainchild of the Internet age , could make Buddhist temples a more approachable place for everyone . ''
`` There is no point being a monk , '' he said , `` if we ca n't offer a helping hand when someone needs us . ''
Sorry Kate , little sis has made a FAR better match ! Clever Pippa scores a bullseye with her engagement to wildly wealthy James Matthews - and will live a life that the Duchess can only dream about .
O hear ye , hear ye and hallelujah to ye , too . Let the word go forth from this place that Miss Pippa of the Middletons is now engaged to Mr James Matthews , bachelor of this parish .
The engagement took place on Saturday , while the sporty couple were in the Lake District .
On a midsummer day , James got down on one of his rugged knees , rummaged among the Kendal mint cake and liniment bottles in his mink-lined rucksack to pull out the stonking £250,000 ring .
For the UK ’ s most eligible miss — possessor of a famous derriere , party planner , professional royal-in-law and socialite extraordinaire — is now officially off the market .
Not only that , but clever Pippa has scored a bullseye when it comes to rich husbands and , in doing so , has even managed to eclipse Kate .
For while Kate may have married into royalty — and have produced a son who is a future King of England — Pippa stands to live the unrestrained wealthy wife ’ s life that Big Sis can only dream of .
Despite the prestige inherent in her married title of Duchess of Cambridge , in many ways Kate will always be a bird in a modestly gilded cage .
From now until forever , modern protocol and societal demands mean that the Duchess will have to be prudent and thrifty : dutifully pairing her loaned tiaras with High Street shoes ; making sure the children don ’ t look too elitist in their pre-war nursery rompers ; keeping her skiing trips down to a once-a-year mini break ; and never , ever wearing Gucci in public .
She must make do with living in damp Norfolk and holidays at Balmoral , put up with everyone tut-tutting about how much she spent on kitchen worktops and always cut her embossed royal cloth to fit others ’ expectations of frugality .
And while she must never seem profligate , the sky is the limit for the future Mrs Pippa Matthews . Her husband-to-be is , of course , a hedge fund manager , a 40-year-old City financier who is richer than some small countries and who is evidently happy to spend a considerable part of his fortune on his future bride .
For after becoming famous just because of her sister , Pippa has the best of everything — starting with the engagement ring .
While Kate had to make do with the outdated and second-hand Ring of Doom — Princess Diana ’ s Ceylon sapphire , given to her by Prince Charles , for ever the glittering symbol of a royal marriage that went spectacularly wrong — Pippa has an amazing chunk of brilliant diamond , chosen just for her by the man she loves .
In addition , she can — and does — have as many lovely holidays as she wants . For James ’ s parents own Eden Rock , one of the loveliest hotels on the Caribbean island of St Barts , meaning Pippa will never have to look far to top up her year-round tan .
Not only that , but her fiance also has a private plane , a £3 million Pilatus PC-12 , in which he whisked Pippa to Corsica for a weekend in May .
Unlike Kate , bound by unforgiving royal schedules and responsibilities , Pippa can take off on a whim whenever she pleases , opting for unashamed five-star luxury at every turn .
There is a man who knows the secret of a happy marriage : privacy , separate sinks and don ’ t touch my towels .
Located in one of the most exclusive parts of London , Pippa ’ s pad couldn ’ t be more different from Kate ’ s remote Anmer Hall , stuck out on a limb , miles away from any fun — or even a consoling branch of LK Bennett .
And while Pippa can continue to indulge in outdoor pursuits — running , swimming , cycling , mountain climbing and skiing on every continent — the equally sporty Kate is destined to confine her exercise routine to a windy tennis court in Norfolk .
Tatler magazine has suggested Pippa has a thing for ‘ tall men who work in finance ’ . Her previous two boyfriends were lofty City types , but James puts them all to shame .
He is the kind of suede loafer , blazer-wearing , rich posh boy to gladden any mother ’ s heart . So let us pause for a moment to steady ourselves in the hurricane gusts blowing down from the Home Counties .
It ’ s no one ’ s favourite scent – but sweat could soon smell a whole lot sweeter .
Scientists have created a perfume that breaks down sweat and actually smells better the more someone perspires .
The discovery paves the way for a deodorant that becomes more powerful the hotter you are , making summer journeys on crowded trains far more pleasant .
People could even delay showering after playing sport , safe in the knowledge that they don ’ t smell unattractively sweaty .
The science could also be used to create sprays that are particularly good at freshening the air of damp bathrooms or sweaty changing rooms .
At its heart are solutions called ionic liquids . They do not have a smell themselves and can swallow up the scent of any chemical that is attached to them .
Scientists at Queen ’ s University Belfast have developed a version that goes on to release the absorbed smell – but only when it is exposed to water .
When they attached a sweet perfume to an ionic liquid , the scent disappeared .
But when water was added to the mix , the fragrance emerged once more .
And the more water the researchers added , the stronger the smell , a Royal Society of Chemistry journal reports .
The ionic liquid can also trap and break down the chemicals behind the nasty smell of sweat – making it even more attractive to deodorant manufactures .
Contrary to popular belief , sweat itself is odourless .
Body odour occurs when bacteria feast on the sugary proteins in sweat , releasing pungent chemicals .
Chen Ruolin and Liu Huixia of China won gold in the women 's synchronized 10 meter platform diving event at the Rio Games . It 's the third Olympic diving gold for China .
The American won the gold medal in the women 's artisitic gymnastics team event . Russia took the silver medal and China earned bronze .
Deng Wei of China broke two world records in the women 's 63kg weightlifting to win the gold medal with a total of 262kg at the Rio Olympics on Tuesday .
Shi Zhinyong won the third weightlifting gold medal for China as he lifted a total of 352kg in the men 's 69kg category .
Zhou Yilin and Zhang Yufei of China made the women 's 200m butterfly semis . Zhou posted the third-best qualifying time , with teammate Zhang ranking fifth among qualifiers .
Many people formulate a strategy for the game rock , paper , scissors , which they believe is sure to beat the competition .
But a new study reveals players actually do n't stick to a plan , rather they become irrational when making their next move - including using the same item that was once a winner .
Researchers suggest that if you want to be victorious , choose paper because most people tend to go for rock .
WHAT DID THE STUDY FIND ?
Even if participants had a set plan for their next move , their emotions would make the act irrational .
Each of the three items carries equal status , which means the only rational method is to use each one an equal number of times – any other approach is irrational , said researchers .
The study revealed that participants followed a 'win-stay , lose-shift ' strategy in how they played the game , which means when they won a round they kept repeating their winning item .
It was n't until they lost did they change their action .
Although the optimal strategy is to pick one of the three equally and at random , most people tended to over use rock .
'Rock , paper , scissors ( RPS ) is a game where predictions of human rational decision-making can be compared with actual performance , ' reads the study published in the journal Scientific Reports .
'Playing a computerized opponent adopting a mixed-strategy equilibrium , participants revealed a non-significant tendency to over-select rock . '
'It 's worrying that people tended to make more irrational decisions following a loss , ' said Dr. Ben Dyson , lecturer in Psychology at the University of Sussex .
'This could have more serious implications in higher-stake scenarios where people are competing to out maneuver one another – in economics or politics , for example . '
These irrational decisions are driven by an emotional reaction to a negative outcome and leaves people vulnerable to a smart opponent . '
'Emotion might have some distracting effect that deteriorates the quality of our thought .
'If we can learn to separate emotion from outcome , like successful Poker players , we might be able to mitigate this risk . '
We probably all feel a bit like a sleepy housecat when we have to get up for work in the morning .
This Norwegian woman has taken that feeling to the next level . Nano claims she realised she was a cat when she was 16 years old , and has adopted feline mannerisms since .
The 20-year-old has opened up about her life as a puss , describing how she has a superior sense of hearing and sight which allows her to hunt mice in the dark .
She made the revelation in a YouTube video , which has been viewed over 100,000 times .
Nano claims to possess many feline characteristics including a hatred of water and the ability to communicate simply by meowing .
The young woman shows off her cat characteristics by wearing fake ears and an artificial tail . She communicates by meowing .
`` I realised I was a cat when I was 16 when doctors and psychologists found out what was `` the thing '' with me . Under my birth there was a genetic defect , '' she explains in the video .
As they walked through Oslo 's central station , the presenter asked Nano what she could hear and see that a normal person might not .
`` Suitcases rolling on the ground , '' she says , `` Keys clinking in pockets . People with ice under their shoes . ''
Then all of a sudden , she lets out a hiss and takes a step back .
`` There is a dog over there , '' she explains . `` Sometime I hiss when meeting dogs in the street . It 's because of their behaviour and my instinct automatically reacts by hissing . ''
The cat woman wears a pair of pink fluffy paws with which to groom herself , and feels especially like doing so when she is in contact with water .
When asked if she was born as the wrong species , she said : `` Yes , born in the wrong species . ''
Nano prefers to crawl around on her hands and knees , and paws at windows when she wants to go outside .
She also said , despite their size , she can sleep in the sink and on windowsills .
`` It 's also obvious that I 'm a cat when I start purring and meowing , '' she explains . `` And walking around on four legs and stuff like that . ''
The cat also claims to have night vision - but has never caught a mouse .
`` I can see better in the dark than in daylight . That 's no problem , '' she says . `` I have been running a lot after animals that can be seen in the shadows . ''
She has a friend called Sven , who has a cat personality .
They meow at each other in the park .
`` He has something called `` personalities '' and one of them is a cat , '' she says .
`` So you are born as a cat , but he has become one ? ' the presenter queries .
`` He is human but has someone in his head that is a cat , and I am born as a cat , '' Nano confirms .
The young woman said her life as a cat was `` exhausting '' but she does n't want to live as a human .
`` My psychologist told me I can grow out of it , but I doubt it , '' she concludes . `` I think I will be cat all my life . ''
Are you an avid selfie-taker ? You are at risk of developing `` selfie elbow '' which is slowly becoming a real medical condition . Like tennis elbow or golfer 's elbow , an addiction to selfie-taking can cause a pain in your primary pic-snapping elbow , according to a report .
In a recent case , award-winning journalist and NBC 's Today show host Hoda Kotb went to a doctor complaining of pain in her elbow , elle.com reported .
`` I went to the orthopaedist and he said , 'are you playing tennis or ping-pong ? ' I told him I was taking selfies , '' Kotb was quoted as saying .
`` When you take the picture , your arm is up , bent in a weird way and you just click , click , click -- think about how many you take : 20 , 30 , or 40 . Selfie elbow , everyone has it , '' added Kotb , who is also a well-documented figure on photo-sharing website Instagram .
Her doctor recommended icing her elbow and certain exercises to help relieve the soreness .
`` Basically , the interface between technology and the human body sometimes causes injuries of over-exuberance , '' Jordan Metzl , sports medicine physician at the Hospital for Special Surgery in the US , was quoted as saying in a Cosmopolitan report .
The problem is simply overuse .
`` You get selfie elbow from taking too many selfies , as you put too much stress on the muscle and it irritates the area where the muscle comes off the bone and you get this inflammatory response , '' Metzl added .
The condition can be treated by taking pain relievers like Advil or Motrin for the inflammation and putting on some ice as well as stretching the muscles .
`` Maybe , people should alternate their arms -- start spreading the load , '' Metzl pointed out .
From gaming and chatting to selfie-taking , texting and tweeting , there has been a significant rise in injuries in teenagers than before .
`` For those who are dedicated selfie-takers , using a selfie stick can work like an arm extender and takes the pressure off the elbow , '' suggested Charles Kim , musculoskeletal rehab specialist at Rusk Rehabilitation at NYU Langone Medical Center in the US .
It 's the latest hipster fad that forecasters predicted would be killed off in 2016 .
But it looks like beards are here to stay for a bit longer .
For more than half of the men in Glamour Magazine ’ s 100 Sexiest Men for 2017 have some form of facial hair .
The poll , which included TV personalities , film stars , musicians , sportsmen and YouTubers , was voted for by 80,000 of the magazine ’ s readers showed they found men with beards more attractive .
In the list , 63 of the 100 celebrity men all had some kind of facial hair .
Jamie Dornan was awarded the top spot for a second time , having taken the accolade in 2015 .
The Fifty Shades of Grey actor , 34 , has previously spoken out about how much he hated himself without any facial fluff .
He said : ‘ I hate my face without a beard , I swear to God I really hate it . I always think I look really young . I think when I ’ m clean shaven , I look like a thumb . ’
And he ’ s not alone , Aidan Turner , who was placed at number two this year , also doesn ’ t shave when he ’ s not filming Poldark saying : ‘ In my next role I want to grow a beard and put on loads of weight . ’
In fact , in the top 10 , only two of the stars were clean-shaven , Tom Hiddleston and Matt Bomer .
Throughout the list , there are a host of men who prefer to the ditch the razor including Oscar winner Leonardo DiCaprio , Prince Harry and Victoria star , Rufus Sewell .
Adam Brady , Grooming Expert from Ruffians Barbers said the stigma around beards had disappeared .
He said : 'A few years ago , beards were seen as a sign of not being particular reputable .
'Men with beards were seen as being dirty and unhygienic . But the stigma seems to have gone .
‘ Men have got better at styling their beards . They no longer look overgrown , straggly and crusty .
'There is also an abundance of products like beard oils , gels and creams so people can take care of them .
‘ Men , not just celebrities take more pride in their appearance .
'It used to be seen as a negative for men to spend too much time papering themselves but that perception has changed .
‘ A tidy well-kempt beard signals attractiveness plus more men have haircuts that complement their facial hair . ’
Glamour Magazine ’ s Top Ten Sexiest Men of 2017
Donald Trump blasts companies like Ford and Apple for manufacturing products outside the United States . He even threatened to stop eating Oreo cookies after he learned some production was moving to Mexico .
But Trump does the same thing . Many of his products are made outside the United States . Most Donald J. Trump ties are made in China . Some Donald J. Trump suits are also made in China .
Donald J. Trump signature men 's dress shirts are made in China , Bangladesh or `` imported , '' meaning they were made abroad .
And it 's not just Donald 's products . Harvard professor and trade expert Robert Lawrence analyzed over 800 items in the Ivanka Trump fashion line . There are shoes , dresses , purses and scarves . All are `` imported . ''
The top five countries that America imports clothing from are China ( by far the leader ) , India , Vietnam , Pakistan and Mexico .
`` In a recent debate Marco Rubio mentioned ties . But the ties made in China are just the tip of the iceberg , '' says Lawrence , who served on President Bill Clinton 's Council of Economic Advisers .
Lawrence found that none of Ivanka Trump 's clothing line appears to be made exclusively in the United States and 354 items are listed as made in China .
Trump does n't dispute this .
`` I talk about my ties in speeches . I 'm open . I say my ties many times are made in China , '' Trump told CNN 's Jake Tapper in July .
`` It 's very hard to have apparel made in this country , '' Trump said .
The issue is getting renewed scrutiny as Trump becomes the clear Republican front runner for president and has made trade a key 2016 campaign theme .
`` I want to see the day in the not too distant future where Apple makes it phones in this country , '' Trump said recently at a campaign stop in Portland , Maine .
Trump says he will `` make the greatest trade deals we 've ever made in our country . ''
He wants to put a tax on Chinese and Mexican goods like clothing coming into the United States to level the playing field and bring back middle class jobs . He 's said the tax could be as high as 35 or 45 % .
Economists warn this would ignite a trade war and could cause a recession . China and Mexico and possibly other nations would respond by putting taxes on U.S. goods and services . It would also make a lot of everyday items more expensive for Americans .
Even just a 25 % tariff would likely cause the two-piece Trump suit to jump in price from about $ 150 to $ 188 .
`` The realist in me says : is he really going to do those things if he gets in office ? '' mulls Bob Doll , chief stock strategist at Nuveen Asset Management .
Stephen Harper , then-prime minister of Canada , visited Jack Ma at the headquarters of Alibaba on the first day of his visit to China in November 2014 . They discussed how e-commerce could help small and medium-sized Canadian enterprises to reach China 's middle class consumers . And Ma told Harper that Canadian producers had sold 20,000 lobsters through Alibaba 's e-commerce platforms in 2013 .
Irish President Michael D Higgins visited Jack Ma at the headquarters of Alibaba in Hangzhou when he was on a state visit in China in December 2014 . They discussed how to use the e-commerce platform to promote trade between Ireland and China . During their meeting , Ma even performed tai chi for President Higgins .
During Prince William 's royal visit to China , he had a meeting with Jack Ma when he attended the Great Festival of Creativity in Shanghai , March 2 , 2015 . They talked about e-commerce , football , and the environmental problems .
As the headline speaker of the annual IT & amp ; Digital Business expo CeBIT 2015 , Jack Ma met with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Hanover , March 15 , 2015 . During his speech , he demonstrated to Merkel how to use Alibaba 's face recognition technology to make mobile payment .
JK Rowling has hinted the character Albus Dumbledore will feature in future films in the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them series .
The author has already revealed she has planned scripts for a total of five movies in the franchise , the first of which is released next month .
Speaking about the film at a fan event in London , Rowling said : `` We do talk about Dumbledore and Grindelwald . ''
It is not known who would play the role of Dumbledore in future films .
Richard Harris , who died in 2002 , and Michael Gambon have previously portrayed the character in the Harry Potter films .
Speaking at the same event , director David Yates said : `` We ca n't tell you too because we 'd have to kill you all , but we do mention Dumbledore and he features in a wonderful scene between Colin [ Farrell ] and Eddie [ Redmayne ] .
`` Grindelwald does feature in the background and is going to become a much more prominent feature moving forward , '' he added .
In the stories , Dumbledore and Grindelwald were best friends but their relationship broke down decades before the events of the first Harry Potter book .
Rowling has previously spoken about the close relationship between the pair , adding the Hogwarts headmaster , who she confirmed is gay , was once had romantic feelings for the dark wizard .
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a prequel to the Harry Potter series , set 70 years before the first book and film .
The first two films in the Fantastic Beasts series ( which comes from the Potter universe ) will have David Yates ( director of the last four Potter films ) behind the camera . Potter producer David Heyman is likely to produce all five movies , and perhaps most importantly the series will be written by JK Rowling .
Photographs of Donald Trump wearing a bathrobe have been shared on social media in response to his press secretary 's assertion he `` definitely does n't wear one '' .
An article published in the New York Times on Sunday painted an unsettling picture of life in the White House , with aides unable to locate light switches being forced to meet in the dark , visitors being left to find their own way out of the building after meetings and a `` darkened , mostly empty West Wing '' .
The president , it was reported , spent considerable time `` watching television in his bathrobe '' and marking up negative news reports with a black Sharpie .
The White House press secretary , Sean Spicer , said the story was `` so riddled with inaccuracies and lies '' that the New York Times owed Trump an apology .
Trump , too , tweeted that the report by the `` failing '' newspaper was `` total fiction '' .
Spicer took particular issue with the bathrobe report , which he said was “ literally the epitome of fake news ” .
“ I don ’ t think the president owns a bathrobe , ” he said . “ He definitely doesn ’ t wear one . ”
Unsurprisingly , people have taken to social media to contradict Mr Spicer 's bathrobe comment with various hashtags popping up , including # BathRobeGate .
Avi Bueno tweeted a photo of Ronald Reagan in a robe , with the caption : 'Weird to see @ seanspicer and @ realDonaldTrump getting all defensive about a # bathrobe when their hero was n't shy about it . ''
John Aravosis , editor of @ AMERICAblog , was quick to post three photos of Donald Trump wearing a bathrobe , which had featured in a November Daily Mail article about a trove of Trump memorabilia being found in a US thrift shop .
Considering the Trump Organisation lists 37 properties , including 15 hotels , on its website , many posters are assuming that a bathrobe or two may have been worn in the Trump household .
Various robes bearing the Trump brand have been posted on social media , including this picture of American actor Mike Rowe .
He tweeted a photo in August 2016 of a bathrobe autographed by Mr Trump , along with a video in which Mike says he wore the robe `` briefly '' .
The social network blogging site was started in 2007 by then 20-year-old David Karp , and is now the eighth most popular social network in the world with 550 million users .
The Kindle was so popular on its 2007 release that Amazon struggled to keep up with demand . The best-selling ebook on Kindle ? 50 Shades of Grey .
The Swedish company was set up in 2007 to challenge MySpace in promoting independent artists . It 's clear who won that battle .
The streaming device was originally going to be called iTV , until the British TV channel got involved and warned Apple off it .
Who 'd have thought a film series based on a kid 's toy would go on to be so successful ? With its fifth film just released , the franchise has so far made over $ 4bn at the box office .
It was released the same year as the iPhone , and was initially really successful . But as smartphones became more popular , it made less and less sense to carry round a device that was basically an iPhone but without the phone bit in it .
The then head of Microsoft Steve Ballmer openly laughed at the iPhone when it came out , saying it was `` not a very good email machine '' . Unfortunately for him in the same year , Microsoft released an operating system that was massively unloved and quickly replaced by Windows 7 two years later .
Wii Fit was meant to show that people could stay healthy while playing video games . It may have worked for a while - but does anyone actually use their Wii Balance Board any more ?
Remember in 2007 when everyone was walking around with those orange coke bottles ? No , us neither .
The film adaptation of the book Northern Lights actually beat Transformers in the best visual effects category of the Oscars . It was meant to be the first in a big franchise - but unfortunately it was n't very good and planned sequels were canned pretty quickly .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge went head to head in a relay race this afternoon alongside Prince Harry as they turned out to support a training day for runners who are taking part in this year ’ s London Marathon , although they won ’ t be donning their trainers for the 25 mile course themselves .
Competitive Kate tied her hair back as she pelted full throttle along side her husband during the 100m sprint which took part at the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park ( QEOP ) in London on Sunday .
Despite her efforts the Duchess , 35 , lost out to her brother in-law who came in first followed by Prince William who came second thanks to the encouragement of well-wishers from the sidelines .
It seems that the mother-of-two might have missed the memo this afternoon as she arriving in a pair of jeans which might have been to blame for her loss .
Kate joined her husband the Duke of Cambridge and brother-in-law Prince Harry for a training day with the runners who are taking part in the 2017 Virgin Money London Marathon for Heads Together , the official Charity of the Year .
The training day is for Team Heads Together which is the campaign to change the conversation on mental health which is spearheaded by the royal trio .
Prince Harry appeared to have looked to his sister-in-law for style advice also pictured in a puffa jacket in navy blue and appeared , too , to have shunned joggers in favour of jeans .
Equally Prince William appeared to have forgotten his kit showing up in a pair of khaki chino style trousers and a navy woolen jumper .
Approximately 150 runners took part in the training day , which includes a run around QEOP and a training session on the London Marathon Community Track , beside the former Olympic Stadium .
Team Heads Together runners also received advice and encouragement on how they can lead from the front in achieving the campaign mission of starting millions of conversations on mental health in 2017 .
During a cool down at the Copper Box Arena the Duke gave a few words of encouragement to Team Heads Together runners .
The Duke of Cambridge said : 'We want to normalise mental health , we want to get people talking about it , to make it more normal and to reduce the stigma . What you are doing and having so many of you here today , you ’ ve already seen the benefit of joining in , by being part of this marathon , we want to make it a mental health marathon .
'You are crucial to making this happen and we can ’ t do it without you . We really hope your training goes very well . Good luck with the training and we look forward to seeing you on the big day . '
Those who raced with the royals today included Pippa , Henrietta and Will Creasey who are running to raise money for CALM , after Henri and Will ’ s father and Pippa ’ s husband Dr Terry Creasy committed suicide following an acute struggle with depression .
Their Royal Highnesses were joined by Paula Radcliffe , the current Marathon World Record Holder and three-time London Marathon winner .
British 400m Record Holder and London Marathon regular , Iwan Thomas , also joined the training day as part of the Team Heads Together team running this year ’ s Marathon .
Rio 2016 organisers have revealed the medals that will be competed for at this summer 's Olympics .
A total of 2,488 medals , each weighing 500g , have been produced - with 812 gold , 812 silver and 864 bronze .
They were made with `` sustainability at their heart '' , say organisers .
The gold medals are free from mercury , the silver and bronze medals are made from 30 % recycled materials , and half of the plastic in their ribbons is from recycled plastic bottles .
The designs feature laurel leaves - a symbol of victory in ancient Greece - surrounding the Rio 2016 logo , and organisers say they celebrate `` the relationship between the strengths of Olympic heroes and the forces of nature '' .
In line with the ecological theme of the Games , the podiums on which the athletes will receive the medals are made from organic materials and have been designed to be reused as furniture after the Games .
There are 2,642 Paralympic medals : 877 gold , 876 silver and 889 bronze and each has a device inside that uses tiny steel balls to make a sound when they are shaken , allowing visually impaired athletes to identify the colour by increasing in volume from bronze to gold .
The bronze medals have 16 steel balls and make the lowest sound , the silver medals have 20 balls and the golds have 28 , producing the loudest noise .
All of the medals also have the words 'Rio 2016 Paralympic Games ' written on them in Braille .
Jon Snow isn ’ t the only one enamored with the Dragon Queen , because Daenerys Targaryen tops the list as the most beautiful character on the show with positive responses just shy of 90 percent . Margaery Tyrell came in second around 86 percent with Missandei closer to 85 percent .
For men , Jon Snow came in as the hottest , at 83.5 percent which is still less than the three best-looking female characters . The next most attractive male was Jaime Lannister — surprising nobody — at 79 percent , with Daario Naharis edging out Robb Stark with his 77 percent .
Innocence has its benefits because the dimwitted Hodor comes in as the “ most good ” character on the entire show at a whopping 95 percent . As a loyal , unassuming giant , Hodor looked after Bran Stark for a long time on the show before sacrificing himself in a pivotal Season 6 scene . The unassuming and nerdy Samwell Tarly is second at 93 percent , flanked by Shireen Baratheon , Stannis ’ gentle daughter plagued by Greyscale . Jon Snow , Ned Stark , and Brienne of Tarth make up the next three characters with positive morals .
Despite the Night King being a magical manifestation of evil itself , fans reacted more strongly to the sadism of Ramsay Bolton , calling him 96.3 percent evil to the Night King ’ s even 96 percent . Joffrey Baratheon ( or should we just say Lannister ? ) was just a fraction behind the Night King with his mother Cersei at fourth . The Mountain came in fifth , which suggest that fans react less strongly to the poorly-defined evils of the undead villains on the show .
There ’ s seemingly a correlation between ugliness and being evil undead characters . Who knew ? Gregor Clegane , aka the Mountain , comes in as the absolute ugliest person in Westeros at 88 percent with the Night King only slightly behind . It would appear that the Hound was right when he said to his brother , “ You ’ re even fuckin ’ uglier than I am now. ” Coming in third , the horribly scarred Hound is only at 79 percent .
Being the most beautiful has its benefits : Daenerys Targaryen has gone to bed with two of the three most attractive men in Westeros . Too bad one of them is her nephew .
Brienne is the only female character regarded as unattractive on the show . For men , higher ages and greater weight impacted perceived attractiveness , which is to say that people don ’ t like older and/or overweight men . Outside of characters with glaring physical abnormalities , older and fatter men were ranked as the least attractive . Sorry Qyburn , High Sparrow , Robert Baratheon , and Hodor .
People can ’ t seem to decide if the following characters are attractive or not : Littlefinger , Ramsay Bolton , Tywin Lannister , Olenna Tyrell , Yara Greyjoy , Bran Stark , Jeor Mormont , and Davos Seaworth . Interestingly enough , almost all of the major houses are represented here , except for Baratheon and Tarly . Stannis comes in as just slightly unattractive and Randyll Tarly isn ’ t ranked . Every family ’ s got one , right ?
Perhaps because his culture is so vastly different from that of Westeros , Khal Drogo was regarded as a true morally neutral character at a perfectly even 50/50 split . Other almost neutral characters include Jaqen H ’ ghar , the Faceless Man assassin that worships the god of death , and Jaime Lannister , who consistently grapples between doing the right thing and siding with his evil sister-lover .
Talisa Stark , Robb ’ s wife , didn ’ t even make the cut for the survey , which is a crying shame because she was easily one of the most beautiful characters before her death at the Red Wedding . What gives ?
The greatest overall density on the spectrum lies in the top-right quadrant , meaning that a majority of characters on the show are deemed decently attractive and also somewhat good .
Olenna Tyrell is the only character to fall almost perfectly in the middle as neither good nor evil but also neither attractive nor unattractive . She always acted in self-interest and was only cruel to people that deserved it . She also only ever shows her face . But , objectively speaking , the actress who plays Olenna Tyrell — Dianna Rigg — was once the post popular “ it ” girl in all of Great Britain when she played Emma Peel on the spy show The Avengers . So , maybe Game of Thrones fans should reconsider how hot Olenna really is ?
Amal Clooney has given birth to twins - a girl named Ella and a boy named Alexander . They were born in London on Tuesday morning , the publicist of her actor husband George Clooney said .
`` Ella , Alexander and Amal are all healthy , happy and doing fine , '' Stan Rosenfield said before joking : `` George is sedated and should recover in a few days . ''
George , 56 , married the lawyer , 39 , in September 2014 in Venice .
Amal Clooney 's parents said they were delighted to welcome their grandchildren .
`` They are in great health , all is perfect , '' Amal 's father Ramzi Alamuddin , who lives in Beirut , told AFP news agency .
`` I am very happy for them , they will be great parents . ''
Amal 's mother Baria , who is in hospital with her daughter , said : `` We are over the moon . It was a beautiful delivery . The babies are beautiful and are doing well . ''
Other celebrities have congratulated the couple .
Actress Nicole Kidman , speaking at the Glamour Women Of The Year awards in London , said : `` Any time a baby is born , I 'm like : 'Ahhh ' . So two babies it 's double 'ahhh ' . They have the most joyful journey ahead . ''
Mia Farrow also added her best wishes , tweeting : `` Wishing Ella and Alexander Clooney a warm welcome and every blessing - and congratulations to Amal and George ! ''
Comedian and TV host Ellen DeGeneres tweeted her best wishes with a reference to George Clooney 's Oceans Eleven film franchise : `` Welcome to the world , Ella and Alexander Clooney . Congratulations , George and Amal , or as I 'm now calling you , Ocean 's Four . ''
The couple 's friend , actor Matt Damon , confirmed that Amal was pregnant with twins back in February .
He was speaking after the news of the pregnancy was reported by CBS 's The Talk host Julie Chen . Explaining how Clooney revealed the news , Damon said : `` I was working with him last fall and he pulled me aside on set and I almost started crying .
`` I was so happy for him . And I was like , 'How far along is she ? ' And he goes , 'Eight weeks . '
`` I said , 'Are you out of your mind ? Do n't tell anybody else ! Do n't you know the 12-week rule ? ' Of course he does n't . I was like : 'Just shut up , man . ' ''
Social media reaction has included comments about how `` normal '' the twins ' names are .
One Twitter user wrote : `` Classy people give their kids classy names . Ella and Alexander . ''
And another tweeted : `` What , George and Amal Clooney gave their new twins nice normal names ? Ella and Alexander . Is n't that a violation of celebrity rules ? ''
President Donald Trump 's baffling remark about Sweden on Saturday was apparently based on a Fox News segment suggesting a security threat in the European country , Trump revealed on Twitter .
Trump 's original comments , made at a rally in Melbourne , Florida , seemed to suggest a security incident involving immigrants in Sweden on Friday on par with terrorist attacks in Germany and France .
`` You look at what 's happening in Germany . You look at what 's happening last night in Sweden . Sweden ! Who would believe this ? Sweden , they took in large numbers , they are having problems like they never thought possible , '' Trump said at the rally .
`` You look at what 's happening Brussels , you look at what 's happening all over the world . Take a look at Nice , take a look at Paris , '' he continued .
`` My statement as to what 's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @ FoxNews concerning immigrants & amp ; Sweden , '' Trump tweeted on Sunday .
The Fox News segment Trump was referring to was an interview between host Tucker Carlson and documentarian and media personality Ami Horowitz that aired Friday night .
Horowitz has recently spent a great deal of time investigating Sweden and the current hidden refugee crisis .
He presented a clip from a film documenting alleged violence committed by refugees in Sweden , and the segment went on extensively about an alleged crime surge in Sweden and its links to immigrants .
The Swedish Embassy 's Twitter account retweeted Trump 's tweet Sunday evening , adding : `` We look forward to informing the US administration about Swedish immigration and integration policies . ''
Swedish foreign ministry spokeswoman Catarina Axelsson said her office contacted the US state department for clarification .
`` I bet it ’ s brand new information to people that President Obama had a six-month ban on the Iraqi refugee program after two Iraqis came here to this country , were radicalised and they were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre . Most people don ’ t know that because it didn ’ t get covered .
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer similarly blundered this month when he referred multiple times to a terrorist attack in Atlanta that never happened . Spicer later said he `` clearly meant Orlando , '' the site of a mass nightclub shooting in June .
The State Opening of Parliament is an event which formally marks the beginning of a session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom . It includes a speech from the throne known as the Queen 's Speech ( or King 's Speech ) .
It takes place in the House of Lords chamber , usually in May or June , in front of both Houses of Parliament .
State Opening is the main ceremonial event of the parliamentary calendar , attracting large crowds and a significant television and online audience . It begins with the Queen 's procession from Buckingham Palace to Westminster , escorted by the Household Cavalry .
The Queen 's Speech is delivered by the Queen from the Throne in the House of Lords . Although the Queen reads the Speech , it is written by the government . It contains an outline of its policies and proposed legislation for the new parliamentary session .
Her Majesty chose a royal blue ensemble to make her speech , with a matching hat featuring seven flowers - each with a small round centre - which some believe resemble the stars on the blue background of the EU flag .
The pomp and ceremony of the Queen 's Speech was toned down , partly due to the snap election meaning it has been arranged at late notice .
This year 's ceremony was scaled down because it is taking place just four days after the Trooping the Colour and it was deemed infeasible for the military to stage two major events in such a short period .
It means the Queen travelled to and from the Palace of Westminster by car rather than by carriage .
With the loss of the procession and the carriage used to take the Regalia - the Imperial state crown , the Cap of Maintenance and Great Sword of State - to the Palace of Westminster , it is understood the decision was taken to scale back other ceremonial elements , such as the Queen 's attire .
Elon Musk 's vision of a Hyperloop transport system that carries passengers in pressurised tubes at near-supersonic speeds is on track to hit a milestone .
Musk outlined his futuristic idea in a paper released in 2013 , challenging innovators to bring the dream to life .
Hyperloop Technologies , one of the startups that picked up the gauntlet thrown by Musk , is hosting a `` sneak preview of the future of transportation technology '' during a two-day event billed as involving a demonstration at a test site outside Las Vegas .
A series of tweets fired from the Twitter account @ HyperloopTech teased `` big announcements you do n't want to miss '' .
- Kitty Hawk moment -
Late last year , Hyperloop chief executive Rob Lloyd said in an online post that the team was working toward a `` Kitty Hawk '' moment in 2016 .
The post came with word of an agreement to use an industrial park in the city of North Las Vegas to conduct a Propulsion Open Air Test of the blazingly-fast rail system .
Lloyd described it at the time as a very important step on the way to realising the full potential of Hyperloop Tech .
`` Our 'Kitty Hawk ' moment refers to our first full system , full scale , full speed test , '' Lloyd said .
`` This will be over two miles of tube with a controlled environment and inside that tube we will levitate a pod and accelerate it to over 700 miles ( 1,125 kilometers ) per hour . ''
- Iron Man -
The project could connect Los Angeles and San Francisco in 35 minutes in a low-cost alternative to a high-speed rail network planned for California .
Musk has said he has no plans to build the system but offered the `` open source design '' to allow others to pursue a venture .
Jon Favreau , director of `` Iron Man , '' has referred to Musk as a modern-day `` Renaissance man . ''
In an article for Time , Favreau said he and actor Robert Downey Jr. modeled the main character in the movie -- `` genius billionaire Tony Stark '' -- after the Silicon Valley star .
South Africa-born Musk has become one of America 's best-known innovators , having launched a payments company , electric carmaker Tesla Motors , SpaceX and SolarCity .
A US exploration company has offered to take on the search for flight MH370 which was suspended earlier this year , the firm and a Malaysian minister said Thursday , offering new hope to families of the missing .
No trace of the Boeing 777 , which disappeared in March 2014 with 239 people on board , was found during a lengthy deep sea hunt in the southern Indian Ocean off western Australia , with the search called off in January .
Ocean Infinity , a seabed exploration firm which says it has the world 's largest and most advanced commercial fleet of underwater vehicles for conducting searches , said it had proposed continuing the hunt .
`` I can confirm that we have made an offer , '' a spokesman said in an emailed statement to AFP , without giving further details .
Malaysia 's Deputy Transport Minister Aziz Kaprawi confirmed a company had made an approach and was only asking for payment in the event they find the plane .
He said the firm had made a `` good offer '' , and added negotiations were ongoing with the country 's Department of Civil Aviation .
`` The company is demanding payment in the event the wreckage is found , '' he told AFP . `` We have to work out the details , what we want most is the wreckage and the black box . ''
He added that the agreement of Australia and China would be needed for a deal to be reached . China , where most of the passengers came from , and Australia were both involved in the search .
Grace Nathan , a Malaysian lawyer whose mother Anne Daisy was on the plane , urged authorities to accept the offer .
`` There is no point waiting any longer , we really do not lose anything , '' she said . `` It seems to be a perfect offer from a company that is equipped to undertake this search . ''
So far , three fragments of MH370 have been found on western Indian Ocean shores , including a two-metre wing part known as a flaperon .
Australia 's national science body CSIRO said in April that MH370 was `` most likely '' lying north of the former search zone -- a 120,000 square kilometre area largely defined through satellite `` pings '' and the flight 's estimated fuel load .
But the country 's transport minister previously said the underwater probe would not resume unless new evidence about the specific location of the aircraft emerge .
Ocean Infinity has a fleet of six underwater vehicles which can collect seabed data at a depth of 6,000 metres .
Playboy magazine has announced it is bringing back nudity , reversing a decision made last year .
The move was announced by Playboy 's new chief creative officer Cooper Hefner , who said the decision to remove nudity entirely `` was a mistake '' .
`` Today we 're taking our identity back and reclaiming who we are , '' he tweeted .
The US magazine also promoted its March-April edition with a picture of its playmate of the month with the hashtag # NakedIsNormal .
Some social media users welcomed the U-turn , describing it as a `` good call '' , while others said the decision was taken `` because the magazines were n't selling too well . Too bad free porn is still easy to access '' .
On Monday , Mr Hefner wrote : `` I 'll be the first to admit that the way in which the magazine portrayed nudity was dated .
`` Nudity was never the problem because nudity is n't a problem , '' added the 25-year-old son of Playboy founder Hugh Hefner .
Samir Husni , a journalism professor at the University of Mississippi , said Playboy 's ban on nudity had probably alienated more readers than it attracted .
`` Playboy and the idea of non-nudity is sort of an oxymoron , '' he told the Associated Press .
The magazine still had to find a way to appeal to a younger audience in a digital age where nudity has become commonplace , Mr Husni added .
Playboy , which was founded in 1953 , stopped printing nude photos in March 2016 .
The cover of the March issue features Instagram-famous model Sarah McDaniel simulating a sexy Snapchat - her arm held up as if holding the camera with a text banner reading 'heyyy : ) '
Its US owners said at the time that the internet had made nudity outdated , and pornographic magazines were no longer so commercially viable .
Playboy 's circulation has dropped from its peak 5.6 million in the 1970s to below 700,000 last year .
As with most instances when it comes to human behaviour , whether it 's drunkenness , loudness , or in this case , laziness - there is someone out there who is taking it one step further than you .
And , as these hilarious photos attest , these people have taken inertia to levels that would make a sloth look productive .
But when many of us would have bitten the bullet and moved a limb or two to get something done , these indolent few have come up with some ingenious ways to make sure they can stay as immobile as possible .
Multi-tasking :
The clergy at this church were too lazy to keep changing their notice board but at least they got the main messages across
Making herself comfortable : There 's nothing worse than waiting in a queue for your lunch but this woman decided to give her legs a rest by pulling up a chair whilst she waited
Next level laziness : Taking the bins out is a chore most people want to avoid but this man came up with a handy way of saving his legs
Settling in for the night : A man who wanted to spend his evening in front of his computer ensured he had snacks to hand - and even saved on his washing up
That 's one way to get it done ! This slothful man was too lazy to mow the lawn so tootled around in his golf buggy whilst getting his gardening chores done
These two men ensured they did n't need to move a muscle to take a sip of their beverages
These people seemingly did n't leave enough time to bake their friend 's birthday cake but wanted to ensure their pal knew they 'd made the effort to buy one
A lazy man who could n't be bothered to make the short journey outside to collect his shirt used a hoover to his advantage
A British film maker who 'married ' a tribal warrior says she agreed to it to highlight the oil giants destroying his Amazon home .
Sarah Begum underwent the symbolic ritual aged just 21 after she left London to spend two weeks with the Huaroani tribe , which has 3,000 members in the mineral-rich Ecuadorian rainforest .
Despite historically tense relations with outsiders dating to the 1950s , when five U.S. missionaries who tried to infiltrate the tribe were killed , she claimed she was welcomed with open arms .
She learned how to weave with grasses and hunt with a blowpipe , and by the end of the period she had 'married ' a warrior in his 50s named Ginkto - who spoke only the villagers ' own Huaroani dialect and a few words of Spanish .
It was a symbolic gesture to spread the tribe 's plea for help against oil firms , not a legally binding marriage - but the language barrier meant things were not obvious at the start .
'I was chosen by the elders and I had no idea what was going to happen to me , ' she said .
'I was called into a hut and everyone inside was naked . I was told they were making me their traditional clothes , which is a piece of string made of plant fibres worn around the waist – not even a thong .
'I thought , `` I ca n't get naked , this is being filmed '' , and for a split second I thought about running away , but I wanted to fully embrace and understand their traditions .
'One of the women pulled off my underwear , and I gave in from there . The elder leader was chanting and the women were making chicha , their home-brewed beverage .
'They were happy that I was totally naked and started to make a crown for me out of macaw feathers .
'I was told , `` they are going to make you Queen '' . I was surrounded by the women and warriors chanting and dancing in the hut - I thought I was being initiated .
'They gave me the chicha drink and the name Imaca , which means The Last Name , before marrying me to my husband-to-be , the tribe 's most popular warrior , Ginkto . '
'I had no idea what was going on . At first I thought it was just an initiation ceremony but then there was this guy next to me who had his arms around me . It was so surreal . '
She said she was shocked at first , but it was explained that she was not expected to have a sexual relationship with Ginkto . Instead the marriage was an honorary one to build trust with the tribe .
'They knew why I was there and wanted to show me how they lived ' , she said .
'Ginkto is a lovely guy and a strong hunter , which makes him very popular with the women . He was also very funny and curious about my life in London .
'We communicated through one of the other warriors who spoke Spanish to my cameraman . He asked all about my parents , my family and friends . '
Ms Begum was one of many 'eco-tourists ' and documentary makers hosted by the tribe over the years , but insisted the wedding ceremony was a rare occurrence .
However , she was not the only Briton who Ginkto 'married ' .
Two years earlier the same tribal warrior 'wed ' Karen Morris-Lanz , a single mother from Milton Keynes who went to live briefly in the village . In that case , however , it was for a BBC documentary specifically about marriage .
'We 're now friends ' , said Ms Bergum . 'It 's led to quite a lot of jokes ' .
Now 26 , Ms Begum made her experiences into a half-hour documentary , Amazon Souls , which was shown at the Cannes Film Festival last year .
Since then it has been accepted at the Sheffield Doc/Fest and Adventure Travel Film Festival , and this year Ms Begum was made a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society .
She was finishing a film degree at Kingston University in Surrey when she set off on her self-funded trip in 2010 to Ecuador 's Yasuni National Park , fulfilling a dream which began when she was nine .
'By the time I was in film school I felt I was n't really being prepared for the real world , ' she said . 'I wanted to do something with my life and for my future so I decided to literally follow my dream .
'I quit my job , used all my savings , hired a cinematographer from New York and a sound guy from Portsmouth . I did some research about this tribe in the Amazon and just went there . '
She won the 5,800-mile air fare as one of ten finalists in the national Enterprising Student Awards - the only woman that year . Other funds came from private investors before the trip .
Once in Ecuador she met her colleagues , British sound engineer Stephen Bull and American cinematographer Frank Angelcyk , and taught English to children in the Amazon region before venturing deeper into the jungle .
Despite not being able to swim , she travelled by boat for two days from the town of Coca through piranha and alligator infested waters , stopping overnight at a beach to fish for dinner .
During the journey she and her companions met representatives from the tribe , who had been contacted by outsiders before and have their own reserve near the national park agreed with Ecuador 's authorities .
Once in the village of Bameno it was not plain sailing - Mr Bull had to be airlifted to hospital when a cut to his arm became infected , and she was bitten by parasites and developed a stomach infection - but she said the villagers were keen to tell her about their plight at the hand of oil companies .
The Huaroani people live on top of some of South America 's richest oil reserves , and campaigners say the invasion of outsiders has increased tension in their ancestral land .
Hostility began in 1956 , when five evangelical missionaries from the U.S. were killed after trying to convert Huaroani villagers to Christianity in a widely-publicised case .
It is said to have been the first documented time the tribe was contacted by the outside world .
Nowadays contact with outsiders is more common - some tribe members have taken to wearing western clothing - but is still not always for the right reasons .
As well as oil there are mineral reserves beneath the rainforest and it is a target for illegal loggers . Several roads have been built into Huaroani territory .
Tribe members told a BBC documentary in 2011 that they could no longer grow food on river banks because they feared contamination would wash downstream .
And last year the charity Survival International , which campaigns for indigenous people 's rights , said two Huaroani members were killed by fellow tribespeople as competition for land increased .
Tribal leader Cawetipe Yeti said at the time : 'This is not a tourist zone . This is an area in a state of red alert .
'We ’ re asking the authorities to act immediately on our request to provide logistical support to protect our uncontacted Taromenane brothers . '
Ms Begum said she still keeps occasional contact with the tribe members over e-mail and even on Facebook , when they make the rare trip to the nearest town .
'I would love to go back to see them all again , ' she said .
A young woman sits alone in a café sipping tea and reading a book . She pauses briefly to scribble in a nearby notepad before showing her words to a passing café worker : `` Where are the toilets please ? ''
This is a familiar scenario in Tokyo ’ s so-called `` silent cafés '' , spaces which appear at first glance to be conventional cafes but where customers are not allowed to speak , communicating instead by writing in notepads .
A growing number of `` silent cafés '' - with self-imposed chat bans - are opening across the capital , attracting a steady stream of solo Tokyoites keen to swap the pressure-cooker pace of urban life for solitary silence .
The concept taps into a rising desire among young Japanese to be alone , a situation fuelled by economic uncertainty , a shift in traditional family support structures and growing social isolation .
The phenomenon is not confined to coffee shops but covers everything from silent discos , where participants dance alone wearing wireless headphones connected to the DJ , to products such as small desk tents designed for conversation-free privacy in the office .
At the more unusual end of the spectrum , one Kyoto company offers single women the opportunity to have a `` one woman wedding '' - a full bridal affair , complete with white dress and ceremony , the only thing missing being the groom .
The trend has its own media buzzword `` botchi-zoku '' , referring to individuals who consciously choose to do things completely on their own .
One recent weekday afternoon , Chihiro Higashikokubaru , a 23-year-old nurse , travelled 90 minutes from her home in Odawara , Kanagawa prefecture , to Tokyo on her day off in order to indulge in some solo time .
Her destination was R-za Dokushokan , a silent café on a narrow street near Koenji station , where she planned to drink tea , draw some illustrations in a sketchbook and savour the silence .
Speaking quietly at the entrance of the cafe , Miss Higashikokubaru said : `` I heard about this place in magazines and via Twitter and I liked the idea of coming here .
`` I work as a nurse and it 's always very busy . There are very few quiet places in Tokyo , it 's a big busy city .
`` I just wanted to come and sit somewhere quietly on my own . I ’ m going to drink a cup of tea and maybe do some drawings . I like the idea of a quiet , calm atmosphere – they ’ re difficult to find . ''
Miss Higashikokubaru is one of more than 200 visitors who pass through the doors and sit in silence at the café every week , according to Taiki Watanabe , its 45-year-old owner .
Tucked away at the top of a small staircase , the first floor café , which opened seven years ago , is a serene haven of one-person seats , antique wooden tables , forest-like green plants and a wall of books complete with the soothing sound of flowing water from an aquarium .
`` I used to work in another café before opening this place , ” said Mr Watanabe . “ It was very different , busy and loud . I really liked the idea of opening my own calm and quiet space . Some silent time is very important for people living in cities . ”
While visitors may be banned from talking , electronic devices such as phones ( without speaking ) are generally permitted , reflecting how the concept is as much about avoiding the stresses of human interaction as switching off .
Mr Watanabe added : `` The rules are : you can not speak , you must order a drink , and a drink should last no longer than two hours . If you need to communicate , there are notepads to write in .
`` Most people come on their own and read a book , work , write or draw or enjoy a hobby . A few do nothing . It ’ s a way for people to forget their daily tasks and give their brain some silent time . ”
Another example of the rise of solo activities in Japan is the one-woman wedding : Cerca Travel offers single women the opportunity to enjoy a wedding , minus a husband , with a two-day wedding package in Kyoto .
A special wedding dress , beauty treatments , dinner , hairstyle , limousine service , a hotel stay and photo album are among the treats the “ bride ” can enjoy as part of their packages starting from around £1,666 .
More than 100 women have enjoyed the solo wedding experience since it launched last year , according to Akai Natsumi of Cerca Travel .
`` Women want to have solo weddings to make their dreams come true , ” she said . “ It is something they do for themselves .
`` Nowadays women have many different ways to live their lives . Not everyone wants to get married . But many women still want to wear the wedding dress that they dreamt about as a child .
`` It 's becoming very popular . Many women feel very gratified and impressed by the experience , they often shed tears . ''
The desire to be solitary is not a new concept in Japan , a nation famously home to an estimated 3.6 million `` hikikomori '' - a more extreme example of social recluses who withdraw completely from society .
The first thing you see at this house is a huge yellow banner with the Chinese character for `` slow . ''
That 's because 48 cars and trucks barrelled into the family 's front yard last year alone .
According to a report by the Beijing Youth Daily , the house in Heilongjiang , northern China , is situated by a road leading to a highway .
The house is by a 90-degree angled junction , so cars ca n't slow down in time when taking the turn after the highway — and end up crashing through the house 's fencing .
It was n't always a junction .
The homeowners , 29-year-old Xu Renxiang and her husband , He Haijun , have lived on the plot of lane before the 90-degree road was built .
Xu estimates that more than 100 accidents have occurred in the family 's front yard since the road came up some seven years ago .
The couple have banned their daughter from playing in the yard , for fear of her getting hit by a car .
Officials are reportedly looking into the problem — the county government is doing a safety audit .
For the moment , though , Xu has barricaded her front yard with bricks , gravel and sand as a buffer , to stop cars from doing actual damage to her house .
`` If we knew that ( officials ) were going to build the bend in front of our house , we 'd have built our house a little further back , '' Xu said .
Dragging a sleigh laden with enough presents for the world 's children - not to mention a famously portly white-bearded gentleman - can be no easy feat .
But , since time immemorial , this crucial Christmas Eve duty has been performed with distinction by a team of beloved reindeer .
Soon , however , Santa Claus may have to start looking around for a stronger type of animal , as new research reveals the species is becoming increasingly puny .
A 16-year survey on the arctic Norwegian island of Svalbard found the reindeer there have declined in weight by an alarming 12 percent .
The reduction in average body-mass is being blamed on global warming .
In research presented lately at a meeting of the British Ecological Society in Liverpool , scientists will explain how rising temperatures are depriving female reindeer of nutrients during important phases of gestation .
Snow in Svalbard typically covers the ground for eight months of the year , which , combined with low temperatures , limits grass growth to June and July .
But as summer temperatures have increased by around 1.5℃ , pastures have become more productive , allowing female reindeer to gain more weight by the autumn and therefore to conceive more calves .
However , warmer winters have brought with them greater rainfall which freezes when it settles on the snow , thereby locking out the reindeer from the life-sustaining food below .
As a result , female reindeer are becoming starved , causing them to abort their calves or giving birth to much lighter young .
The average mass of an adult reindeer in 1994 , when the survey began , was 55kg , but by 2010 it had dropped to 48kg .
Professor Steve Albon , an ecologist at the James Hatton Institute in Aberdeen , said that , because the mammals have a relatively high surface-area-to-volume ratio , they are no particularly energy efficient .
Reindeer can often access the meagre food sources beneath the snow by clearing it away with their antlers , but they can not break through the hard ice .
Without access to the food in winter , calves are being born far lighter than they should be .
Numbers of reindeer have also soared in the past 20 years , meaning that those which are born are facing greater competition for food .
`` The implications are that there may well be more smaller reindeer in the Arctic in the coming decades , but possibly at risk of catastrophic die-offs because of increased ice on the ground , '' said Professor Albon .
Despite the gloomy findings , reindeer appear to be suffering less from the impact of climate change than some other arctic species .
Last week the scientists warned that a third of the world 's polar bears could disappear in the next 40 years to melting Arctic sea ice .
President-elect Donald Trump and vice-president elect Mike Pence will lay a wreath at Arlington National Cemetery on January 19 . This will be followed by a `` Make America Great Again ! '' welcome concert at the Lincoln Memorial .
Trumps inauguration to become president takes place at noon local time on Friday 20th January .
The main ceremony is held at the White House , followed by a number of Inaugural Balls across the city of Washington DC .
The official swearing-in ceremony occurs on the steps in front of the Capitol .
At noon local time on January 20 , Donald Trump will take the Oath of Office and be sworn in as America ’ s 45th president .
Chief Justice John Roberts of the US Supreme Court will administer the oath on the steps of the United States Capitol Building .
I Donald J Trump , do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States , and will to the best of my ability , preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States , so help me God .
After the swearing in , Mr Trump will give a speech that will , as all inaugural addresses are , be recorded in the pages of history .
If Mr Trump follows Mr Obama ’ s example , the speech will be about 20 minutes in length .
It is customary for the outgoing president to attend the inauguration of the incoming president , however , it is not compulsory .
President Obama is expected to be there at Donald Trump 's inauguration on Friday , but if he does not , then he would be the first president for 96 years to make such a snub .
Prior to Mr Trump ’ s address there will probably be musical performances and words from religious leaders .
Afterwards , there will be a departure ceremony for Mr Obama as his family .
Mr Trump will then attend the traditional Congressional luncheon and take part in the inaugural parade .
His motorcade will travel down Pennsylvania Avenue from the Capitol to the White House , with well wishers and protesters lining the streets .
Across Washington DC inaugural balls will be held to mark Mr Trump 's ascent to the presidency . They will feature dancing and entertainment and appearances by President and First Lady Trump , and Vice President and Mrs. Pence .
Washington National Cathedral will host a Presidential Inaugural Prayer Service on January 21 . It is a tradition dating back to Franklin Delano Roosevelt ’ s first inauguration in 1933 . Bill Clinton , however , chose the Metropolitan African Methodist Episcopal Church , the historic black church in downtown Washington , for both of his inaugural prayer services .
This is the incredible school where the headteacher 's bizarre dedication to handwriting practice means EVERY pupil is ambidextrous .
Only ten percent of the population are left handed - and only ONE percent can write with both hands .
But all 300 students at Veena Vandini School in India can write with both their left and right hand , with some able to do both at the same time - in different languages .
Every 45 minute lesson features 15 minutes devoted to handwriting practice , to make sure all students at the remote rural school have the skill .
School founder and former soldier Vp Sharma said he was inspired to demand the lessons by India 's first president who was ambidextrous .
Headteacher Mr Sharma said : `` I read in a magazine that Dr Rajendra Prasad India 's first president used to write with both hands .
`` This inspired me to give it a try .
`` Later , when I launched my school at my native village , I tried training the students .
`` We began training students from standard I and by the time they reach standard III , they were comfortable writing with both the hands .
`` Students of standard VII and VIII can write with speed and accuracy .
`` Further , they can write two scripts simultaneously , one with each hand .
`` Students also know several languages , including Urdu . ''
The school , which was found in 1999 is located in a remote area , in Singrauli district , Madhya Pradesh .
Mr Sharma said their unique dedication to handwriting led South Korean researchers to visit and study the pupils two years ago , to find out more about ambidexterity .
The hated mobile phone roaming charges that blight tourists ' trips around Europe are set to be abolished - but you 'll have to wait until 2017 for it to happen .
The agreement announced on June 30 will end the frustration of EU citizens on holiday or abroad for business who face steep charges for using their phones for calls and Internet browsing when in the bloc but outside their home country .
Coming into force on June 15 , 2017 , the deal means 'you can use your mobile device when travelling in the EU paying the same prices as at home , ' the European Commission said in a statement .
'If you pay for a monthly volume of minutes , SMS and data in your country , any voice call , SMS and data session you make while travelling abroad in the EU will be deducted from that as if you were at home , with no extra charges , ' it added .
The deal was reached following discussions stretching back to 2013 in overnight talks between the Latvian presidency of the EU and the European Parliament .
It still needs formal approval by the bloc 's parliament and 28 governments and was described as 'provisional ' .
'This is the end of a long process and we 're delighted we managed to produce a result that will mean concrete improvement for citizens in the single market , ' European Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas told reporters at a briefing in Brussels .
Commenting on the EU Commission announcement , Gautam Srivastava , mobiles expert at MoneySuperMarket , told MailOnline Travel : 'The end of roaming charges in the EU is a massive win for customers both in the UK and in Europe . This is a fantastic signal of intent by the European Commission to move toward a free and fair single digital market in the EU which will mean even greater freedom for customers .
'Whilst European roaming charges have been falling since 2007 and caps have been put in place - many customers still suffer bill shock when travelling in Europe .
'From June 2017 though , you 'll be able to use your mobile in the EU as you would do right here in the UK – so no more worrying about data limits or making and receiving calls when you 're on your holidays . '
Before the full deal comes into effect , data roaming charges will be slashed from April 2016 to 0.05 euros per minute for calls , 0.02 euros per SMS and 0.05 per megabyte of data .
Under current EU rules , the cap stands at 0.19 euros per minute for calls , 0.06 euros per SMS and 0.20 euros per megabyte of data .
Providers would still be allowed to apply a 'fair use policy ' to prevent 'abusive ' use of roaming , the European Council said .
Bert Van Roosebeke , a political analyst from think-tank the Centre for European Policy , said it was 'possible that domestic prices rise ' as telecoms companies respond to the ruling .
A principle of 'net neutrality ' is also being introduced under which operators will be obliged to treat all traffic equally when providing Internet access services and not impose any blocking or 'throttling ' - slowing down Internet traffic .
Providers not respecting the rules face 'significant pecuniary and administrative sanctions , ' the Commission said .
The EU wants to complete an overhaul of EU telecoms rules in 2016 .
Rudy Giuliani has joined the chorus of Donald Trump supporters peddling conspiracy theories about Hillary Clinton ’ s health .
“ She doesn ’ t need to campaign , ” the former New York City mayor , who has emerged as one of the Republican nominee ’ s most visible surrogates , said on “ Fox News Sunday ” . “ She has the New York Times , she has the [ New York ] Daily News , she has ABC , she has CBS , she has NBC . She has an entire media empire that constantly demonizes Donald Trump and fails to point out that she hasn ’ t had a press conference in 300 days — 200 days , 100 days , I don ’ t know how long — and fails to point out several signs of illness by her . ”
Fox News host Shannon Bream noted that the Clinton campaign has said “ there ’ s nothing factual ” to claims about her health .
“ All you ’ ve got to do is go online , ” Giuliani replied . “ Go online and put down ‘ Hillary Clinton illness ’ and take a look at the videos for yourself . ”
The irony of Giuliani , the mayor of New York City during the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , citing Internet videos to prove a conspiracy theory was not lost on some viewers .
The Clinton campaign has pushed back against conspiratorial claims about her health in recent days after fake medical records for the former secretary of state surfaced on right-wing websites .
“ As Secretary Clinton ’ s longtime physician , I released a medical statement during the campaign indicating that she is in excellent health , ” Lisa Bardack said in a statement released by the Clinton campaign on Thursday . “ I have recently been made aware of allegedly ‘ leaked ’ medical documents regarding Secretary Clinton with my name on them . These documents are false , were not written by me and are not based on any medical facts . ”
The same day on MSNBC , Trump national spokeswoman Katrina Pierson diagnosed the Democratic nominee as having “ dysphasia , ” a neurological condition caused by a brain injury resulting in partial or complete impairment of the ability to communicate using speech .
Pierson ’ s proof : “ Observations ” of Clinton ’ s “ behavior and mannerisms ” made by viewers of out-of-context video clips circulated online .
MSNBC host Kristen Welker read Bardack ’ s statement on air , but Pierson was undeterred .
“ It is extremely important to note that Hillary Clinton has taken a lot of time off the campaign trail , ” Pierson said . “ It is something that needs to be addressed . ”
Last week , Fox News host Sean Hannity hosted a segment dedicated to speculating about Clinton ’ s health by breaking down online videos , including one that showed Clinton rocking her head back and forth in mock surprise to rapid-fire questions from reporters at a campaign stop .
“ I saw the same video you saw , ” Fox News medical correspondent Marc Siegel said , “ and I ’ m wondering about a word called ‘ aphasia , ’ where you ’ re searching for words , you suddenly lose those words , and that can be the sign , again , of some kind of traumatic brain injury or the aftereffects of a concussion . ”
Amy Kremer , a co-founder of Women Vote Trump , suggested Clinton , who suffered a concussion in 2012 , is suffering from chronic traumatic encephalopathy or CTE — a condition that several former NFL football players were diagnosed with after their deaths .
Trump himself has made veiled references to Clinton ’ s health , saying in an Aug. 16 speech on national security that she “ lacks the mental and physical stamina ” to be commander in chief .
The Clinton campaign slammed Trump ’ s comments as a subterfuge .
“ While it is dismaying to see the Republican nominee for president push deranged conspiracy theories in a foreign policy speech , it ’ s no longer surprising , ” Jennifer Palmieri , the Clinton campaign ’ s communications director , said in a statement . “ Donald Trump is simply parroting lies . ”
The president of Sierra Leone has ordered the entire country to stay at home for three days in a bid to stop the spread of Ebola .
Ernest Koroma has ordered the entire population into lock down from 6am on March 27 until 6pm on March 29 .
It comes as Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone- which have been the centres of the outbreak which has killed more than 10,000 people - have set a goal of cutting off the disease 's spread by April 16 .
Koroma said : 'All Sierra Leoneans must stay at home for three days , ' he announced , expanding a previous order for a lockdown in the capital Freetown and northern areas of the country nationwide .
'I have made my personal commitment to do whatever it takes to get to zero Ebola infections and I call on every Sierra Leonean in every community to pull together , ' he added .
Liberia had previously reported that it had reached an end to the epidemic in the country but a new case appeared in its capital Monroviaon Friday . The infected woman is the wife of a man already cured of the disease , it has been reported .
One of the deadliest viruses known to man , Ebola is spread only through direct contact with the bodily fluids of the recently deceased or an infected person showing symptoms , such as fever or vomiting .
The World Health Organization said Ebola can still be transmitted in sperm 82 days after a patient carrying the virus is cured .
The worst-ever outbreak of the virus has claimed almost 3,700 lives in Sierra Leone , one of three impoverished west African nations that have seen their economies and healthcare systems wrecked by the crisis .
'The economic development of our country and the lives of our people continue to be threatened by the ongoing presence of Ebola in Sierra Leone , ' President Koroma said .
'The future of our country and the aspirations of our children are at stake . '
At least 10 students lost their chance to attend Harvard College after posting `` obscene memes '' to a private Facebook chat , the main Harvard student newspaper reported .
The memes included jokes about pedophilia , child abuse , sexual assault , and the Holocaust .
The memes were shared as part of a private Facebook chat where admitted students in the class of 2021 shared edgy jokes as part of a `` just-because-we-got-into-Harvard-doesn't-mean-we-can't-have-fun kind of thing '' , an admitted student told the Harvard Crimson .
The paper quoted a number of students from the incoming class , who had a range of responses , including two who said it was the right approach to withdraw the offers . `` I do not know how those offensive images could be defended , '' one student said .
At least two Harvard professors , however , questioned the decision to withdraw the offers . Alan Dershowitz , an emeritus professor at Harvard Law School , told the Guardian that losing admission to Harvard was a `` draconian punishment '' for `` very bad taste jokes that students were sending to each other '' .
`` It sounds like Harvard is intruding too deeply into the private lives of students , '' said Dershowitz , who has represented a series of high-profile clients , including OJ Simpson .
`` It may affect them for life , '' Dershowitz said .
Harvey C Mansfield , one of Harvard 's most outspoken conservative professors and the author of a book called Manliness , also told the Guardian he questioned the decision . `` The bounds of what is offensive have been extended and distorted , and I no longer trust the bent judgment of politically correct enforcers . ''
A spokeswoman for Harvard University declined to comment on the report . `` We do not comment publicly on the admissions status of individual applicants , '' Rachael Dane wrote in an email .
The official Facebook page for students admitted to join the Harvard Class of 2021 warns students that `` Harvard College reserves the right to withdraw an offer of admission under various conditions including if an admitted student engages in behavior that brings into question his or her honesty , maturity , or moral character '' .
Dershowitz said this guidance was too vague to provide students with any real understanding of the school 's expectations . `` When you punish a student seriously without articulating standards , I think it raises questions , '' he said .
“ These students have absolutely no free speech rights that were violated in this context . ''
“ The First Amendment ’ s Free Speech protections apply only to violations by public entities , and since Harvard is a private university the First Amendment does not apply , ” she said .
`` The Constitution really does n't apply here . The Constitution limits how much government can suppress speech , not a private university , '' she said .
Meme-sharing Facebook groups have become a new college tradition , Mic reported last week , with students across the country trading inside jokes and fighting battles with rival universities via screenshot and caption .
The names of some of these public Facebook groups , Mic reported , were `` Harvard Memes for Elitist 1 % Tweens '' , `` UCLA Memes for Sick AF Tweens '' and `` USC Memes for Spoiled Pre-Teens '' .
The private Facebook group chat that led to offers of admission being rescinded was named , at one point , `` Harvard memes for horny bourgeois teens '' , the Crimson reported .
A US footwear company has sparked outrage among consumers and campaign groups over a range of high heeled shoes for babies .
Pee Wee Pumps , which makes soft shoes for infants , describes its products as `` cool '' and `` diva defining '' .
But pictures of the fashion range posted online have led to criticism on social media sites .
The shoes , which have collapsible heels and pointed toes , are available for infants up to six months old .
In the latest post on the company 's Facebook page , an infant in heels sits astride a miniature motorbike with the caption : `` This little # Diva , defining cool posing in her # PeeWeePumps . ''
The image was criticised by a number the site 's users , who suggested it was `` wrong '' and `` disgusting '' to portray infants in such a way .
It comes amid growing concern at what is seen as the sexualisation of children .
`` This is not ok , '' wrote Melissa Balinski .
Another commenter , Jen , said that `` promoting products for babies this way is just sick '' .
Other promotional images for Pee Wee Pumps products include babies wearing bead necklaces , sequin dresses and tutus .
The range of shoes , which features styles made from red satin and leopard-skin material , have repeatedly met mixed responses from Facebook users .
`` I will definitely avoid this brand , '' wrote Barrow , commenting on a picture of a baby in `` black pump classics '' . `` This is horrid , '' added Flory .
But some users left positive comments , remarking how the shoes made the infants `` look adorable '' . `` Too cute , '' wrote Latoyia .
The Pee Wee Pumps website displays a range of designs , labelled `` Swanky '' , `` Wild Child '' and `` Diva '' .
The company came under fire earlier this month from UK campaign group Let Clothes Be Clothes , which posted images of the product range for infants with the warning `` beware , the photos are shocking '' .
`` That 's disturbing . Even without the heels the pics would be not even remotely okay , '' wrote Eva .
Another user , Natasha , added to the campaign group 's post : `` Should be banned . ''
Pee Wee Pumps is based in Greensburg , Pennsylvania . The founder , Michele Holbrook , wrote in a statement on the company website that her products `` are not intended for walking , but rather to meet the current and ever-growing popular demand for 'high-fashion ' in infant apparel '' .
The Eiffel Tower in Paris is to have a 2.5m-high wall of reinforced glass built around it as protection against terror attacks , officials say .
The Paris mayor 's office says the wall will replace metal fences put up for the Euro 2016 football tournament .
The project , if approved , is expected to cost about €20m and work should start later this year .
The French capital has been on high alert since attacks by jihadists in November 2015 left 130 people dead .
Last July , 86 people were killed when a lorry ploughed through a crowd celebrating Bastille Day in the southern city of Nice .
The Eiffel Tower , one of France 's most famous landmarks , attracts more than six million visitors each year and the wall is designed to stop individuals or vehicles storming the site , said the assistant mayor for tourism , Jean-Francois Martins .
`` The terror threat remains high in Paris and the most vulnerable sites , led by the Eiffel Tower , must be the object of special security measures , '' he said .
`` We will replace the metal grids to the north and south with glass panels which will allow Parisians and visitors a very pleasant view of the monument . ''
Mr Martins added : `` We have three aims - to improve the look , make access easier and strengthen the protection of visitors and staff . ''
The project will also involve reorganising pathways around the tower .
Earlier this month , a man wielding two machetes attacked soldiers at Paris 's Louvre Museum . President Francois Hollande said there was little doubt it was a terrorist act .
The world 's most famous whistleblower who is marooned in Russia has attacked his hosts for human rights abuses and hacking emails .
Edward Snowden , who leaked classified National Security Agency ( NCA ) information in 2013 from a Hong Kong hotel room , is now living in Moscow after a giant manhunt forced him out of Asia .
He believes laws in Russia have got far worse and that the Kremlin is encouraging a 'surveillance free-for-all ' .
Mr Snowden said : 'The laws have gotten far worse in some countries . France has gone very far , so too , of course , countries like Russia . In Britain there 's an authoritarian trend . '
Talking of Russia 's hacking of the NSA by a group called the Shadow Brokers and of the Demographic National Committee ( DNC ) , the party 's governing body , Mr Snowden said : 'That does n't strike me as a whistleblower - that strikes me as a warning . It 's political messaging being carried out through information disclosure .
'This is part of the problem of all this surveillance free-for-all that we 're allowing to occur by refusing to moderate our own behaviour .
'We 've set a kind of global precedent that anything is possible and nothing is prohibited . '
Mr Snowden , in an interview with former Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger in the Financial Times , was critical of his hosts , saying : 'I ca n't fix the human rights situation in Russia , and realistically my priority is to fix my own country first , because that 's the one I owe the greatest loyalty . '
Although he makes of point of reiterating the unwavering support he has for his homeland - where some wanted to see him sat in the electric chair - the 33-year-old is reserved about the country 's future .
Non-fussed about front-runners Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton , he said : 'I think we should have better choices .
'We 're a country of 330million people and we seem to be being asked to make a choice between individuals whose lives are defined by scandal .
'I simply think we should be capable of more . '
Food waste is a growing problem throughout the world ; on one hand , we 've got so many people starving or living in food insecurity , and on the other hand , in places like Western Europe or the US people are wasting almost 50 % of what they eat . It seems rational to find ways to send the excess food to the places where it 's most needed , but that does n't happen nearly as much as it should . With that in mind , people in Galdakao , Spain , took initiative .
They launched what they call the Community Fridge – a regular white fridge placed in the middle of the town where anyone can drop food or leftovers and anyone can come in and take it . This one fridge has already saved 300 kg of food in just two months . The creators of the fridge are adamant that the service is not a charity – anyone can come and just take whatever food they want .
Of course , there are a few regulations though – you ca n't donate raw fish , meat or eggs , for health reasons . Also , all the food has to be within its expiration date and anything homemade should have a label with the ingredients ; reasonable rules , and so far , the program seems to enjoy its success . Other Spanish cities have expressed interest in adopting their own Community Fridge .
This is not the first time this kind of idea has been put forth . In Pumpipumpe in Switzerland residents place stickers on their mailbox to mark goods they can lend to neighbors and that works out just fine . A man in the Saudi city of Hail has also put a fridge outside his house and called on neighbors to fill it with food for the needy . However , in Yolo County , California , several University of California graduate students placed a community fridge on their lawn , sharing what they did n't need . People loved the idea and it worked just as it should , until the Yolo County Health Department caught wind of the experiment , they shut it down . County officials claimed the fridge was an illegal food facility .
`` He 's started a food business . The food 's not from an approved source . He ca n't guarantee its safety . There are so many unknowns that there is a high risk to the public , '' said April Meneghetti , a Yolo County environmental health specialist .
That idea does n't fly in the US , and it seems like some people would rather throw food away than risk sharing it with others , but I certainly think this idea is worth spreading . Sure , you need someone to verify the contents of the fridge periodically and take out the food that goes bad , but for 150 kg of food per month , with one fridge ? I think that 's worth it .
One of the world 's most remote inhabited islands is on the lookout for a new farmer , but with just one village and a population of only 265 people moving there may not be everyone 's cup of tea .
Tristan da Cunha , which is located in the South Atlantic Ocean between Brazil and South Africa , posted an advert for the role of 'agricultural adviser ' on the National Farmers ' Union website with the hopes of attracting a candidate who can help advise on development of livestock and agriculture .
According to the posting `` the island would benefit from reducing its reliance on imported foodstuffs to become more self sufficient '' and needs someone with `` knowledge and expertise to assist in increasing the production of fruit and vegetables and the development of livestock '' .
Unique as the role may sound though it is not the first time an unusual job has come up for grabs , in the past there have been adverts for everything from a chocolate taster to a paintball tester .
Here we take a look at some of the more weird and wonderful jobs out there for adventurous candidates :
1 . Chocolate taster
Scottish firm Mackie 's advertised for a chief taster in November with the promise of monthly supplies of chocolate for the successful candidate to `` taste , test , lick and sook on the couch at home '' .
2 . Paintball tester
A rather unusual job advert for a paintball tester received more than 10,000 applicants in January 2015 with people from all across the globe wanting to try their hand at the job .
3 . Island caretaker
Touted as the `` best job in the world '' a six-month job opportunity came up on Queensland 's Hamilton Island offered a live-in position which involved exploring the area and reporting back on what it had to offer .
4 . Christmas tree light untangler
Supermarket chain Tesco found themselves in need of a Christmas tree light untangler this festive season and promptly advertised for someone with `` a friendly helpful demeanour , oodles of patience and of course , the innate knack to be able to untangle even the most scrambled of wires '' .
5 . Wookey Hole witch
The owners of Wookey Hole caves in Somerset were so keen to get a perfect replacement for their resident witch they even advertised the job in Eastern Europe .
6 . Mars mission candidates
Ever fancied going into space but not sure how to get there , well turns out thousands of others feel the same as over 10,000 applied for a one way mission to Mars that was advertised by NASA .
7 . Water slide tester
Those with a love of water were encouraged to apply for the role of water slide tester back in 2013 as travel company First Choice looks for an employee who would be happy to accept a post `` where 'going to work ' means donning your swimming gear and hurtling down waterslides '' .
8 . Australia 's Chief Funster
Wannabe adventurers , rangers and photographers were advertised for as part of a promotion by Tourism Australia to get people into the so-called best jobs in the world . The key draw was the 'chief funster ' position which involved being a `` professional party-goer and VIP : planning and attending concerts and parties '' .
9 . John O'Groats signpost photographer
The owners of the iconic signs at Land ’ s End and John O ’ Groats launched a frantic search for an official photographer to take pictures of tourists with the famous signposts last year after their snapper of 16 years retired .
10 . Police officer on the quiet Scilly Isles
An advert for a job on the very quiet Scilly Isles peaked the interest of many a bobby after the previous holder of the post boasted it was `` one of the most enviable policing post in the UK or even the world '' .
New Zealanders have voted to keep the same flag they 've had for the past 114 years , rejecting the chance for a new design .
Preliminary results from voting in a referendum to decide if the flag would be changed were in favour of keeping the old design , which is similar to the Australian flag and incorporates the Union Jack .
The New Zealand Herald reported 2.1 million people voting with the result as 56.6 percent in favour of the same flag and 43.2 percent in favour of a new flag .
The 18-month process , driven by Prime Minister John Key , cost $ NZ26 million ( £11.9million ) .
Mr Key said he was disappointed with the outcome , but called for the country to 'rally behind the flag that 's been chosen , to go out and use , to wave it and to be proud of it and to celebrate the fact that we 've got an amazing country ' .
His government would not return to the issue , the New Zealand Herald reported .
He also defended the expensive cost of the referendum , saying it had caused healthy debate about nationhood .
The voter turnout was about 67 percent , with just over 1.2 million voting for the existing flag and more than 915,000 voting for change , Stuff.co.nz reported .
A final result will be announced in about a week 's time .
Last year , a competition was held to design options for a new flag for the country , which New Zealanders voted for .
A selection committee chose four flags from a vast number of entries , and voting in an earlier referendum selected a black , white , blue and red fern and stars design by Kyle Lockwood .
It was that flag that was outvoted in the latest referendum .
The result has brought the end to the first-ever public vote by a country on its national flag .
Air pollution , corruption and the wealth gap are the three issues of most concern to readers ahead of the annual parliamentary sessions of China , dubbed as `` two sessions '' , according to an online survey by the China Daily website .
The issue of pollution has grown in importance for people since last year 's survey which then showed the top three issues as being the cost of living , the environment and employment .
This year is crucial for the deepening of reforms , with attention being focused on how the `` two sessions '' will handle the ongoing development of the country and further improve people 's livelihood .
The survey was posted on the China Daily website and its mobile phone apps as well as the Sina Weibo and WeChat platforms with 3,886 readers responding , 60 percent of whom were from countries other than China .
The majority of respondents said air pollution is the most urgent issue needing to be addressed and they expect the `` two sessions '' to put forward practical measures to tackle the problem .
`` I 'm looking forward to a brighter sky in Beijing and other major cities across the nation . Tougher measures should be taken to curb pollution from industry . Now we have no choice but to rely on the wind to blow away pollutants and bring fresh air , '' one reader said .
The anti-graft drive , income distribution , cost of living and fair education were the other top concerns for respondents . `` I strongly support the current anti-corruption drive . I hope President Xi can maintain this policy for the duration of his term in office , '' another reader said .
Top 10 issues of most concern , according to the online survey conducted by China Daily website :
1 . Air pollution
2 . Anti-corruption
3 . Income distribution
4 . Cost of living
5 . Education reform
6 . Medical reform
7 . Housing
8 . Rule of law
9 . Employment
10 . Social security
Most believe looks and personality play major roles when searching for a potential match , but a new dating app claims the key to finding your soul-mate is by their smell .
Smell Dating sends daters a t-shirt in the mail and instructs them to wear it for three days , send it back and they will receive 10 other shirts from other daters .
The next step of this matchmaking process requires users to take a whiff of each garment and pick the aroma that arouses them the most – all for just $ 25 .
Unlike Tinder , eHarmony and all of the other dating sites , Smell Dating does not ask about your sexual preference , your gender , if you like long walks on the beach or if you 're a vegetarian .
A phone number and mailing address are the only two things required to sign up for the service .
The only thing they will as of their clients is that they skip deodorant , perfume and showering for the 72 hours , as it masks a person 's natural odor .
'It 's about trusting subconscious intuition and not falling back on inevitable preconceptions and prejudices , ' Tega Brain , co-founder of Smell Dating , told BuzzFeed News .
'You ca n't control what you like the taste or smell of , you have to trust your sensory system . '
After you 've sniffed your batch of potential suitors you will have the opportunity to choose the shirt you like .
If the owner of that shirt also picks yours , Smell Dating will send you both each other 's phone numbers and communication can began .
The 'mail odor dating service ' is only available to 100 lucky singles living in the New York City area and they are taking signups as of this writing .
According to BuzzFeed News , 35 of the spots have already been filled .
In his book , The Compatibility Gene , Professor Daniel Davis explains that there are human genes that may influence how attractive a person is to a potential partner .
The University of Manchester professor believes that suitable mates can smell that they have found a partner with an optimal genetic code .
The idea is based on the so-called smelly T-shirt experiment in which Swiss scientists Claus Wedekind studied the DNA of a group of students to look at their histocompatibility genes , The Guardian reports .
The researchers asked the male students to wear a T-shirt for two nights while avoiding anything that might alter their natural smell .
At the end of the two days , the shirts were put in boxes and the female students were asked to smell them and then rank the smell by intensity , pleasantness and sexiness .
This suggested that people are able to subconsciously choose a partner with whom they could have children with a genetic advantage .
1 . Matthew McConaughey was voted the most handsome .
McConaughey played golf and tennis at Longview High School in Texas . He was also in the yearbook and Pan Am clubs .
2 . Chris Pratt was voted class clown in high school .
Dave Bautista was n't the only wrestler in `` Guardians of the Galaxy . '' Pratt was someone who got along with all of his classmates , participating in wrestling , track , and football at Lake Stevens high in Washington . He even placed fifth in the state wrestling competition his senior year in 1997 . When he was n't playing sports , he was making burgers at a bingo hall part-time .
3 . Halle Berry was prom queen in high school , but it did n't come easily .
According to People , Berry beat out a girl with blonde hair and blue eyes and she and her friends were accused of faking votes . Only after a coin toss was Berry named queen .
Throughout high school , Berry was a good student . The actress was a cheerleader , on the honor society , and an editor for the school paper .
4 . Reese Witherspoon went to an all-girls high school in Nashville , Tennessee .
Witherspoon went by her real name Laura Jeane in school and has described herself as one of the popular nerdy girls who loved books growing up and received good grades .
`` I was a big dork who read loads of books , '' Witherspoon told The Times in 2006 . `` But I was a popular dork because I learnt how to be funny . ''
Witherspoon was extremely busy in high school . Not only was she dividing her time between cheerleading , Spanish club , and Amnesty International , but she also started acting . At 14 , she tried out for a background role in `` The Man in the Moon , '' but ended up cast as the lead , a tomboy teen who fell in love with her 17-year-old neighbor .
“ I would like to begin by expressing our appreciation of China ’ s significant contribution as this year ’ s chair of the organisation , which has allowed the BRICS countries as a group to move forward in all the key areas of our partnership , including politics , the economy and culture . Moreover , the group of five has greatly strengthened its global standing . ”
“ It is important that our group ’ s activities are based on the principles of equality , respect for one another ’ s opinions and consensus . Within BRICS , nothing is ever forced on anyone . When the approaches of its members do not coincide , we work patiently and carefully to coordinate them . This open and trust-based atmosphere is conducive to the successful implementation of our tasks . ”
“ Russia highly values the multifaceted cooperation that has developed within BRICS . Our countries ’ constructive cooperation on the international arena is aimed at creating a fair multipolar world and equal development conditions for all . ”
“ Russia stands for closer coordination of the BRICS countries ’ foreign policies , primarily at the UN and G20 , as well as other international organisations . It is clear that only the combined efforts of all countries can help bring about global stability and find solutions to many acute conflicts , including those in the Middle East . ”
“ However , the fight against terrorists in Syria and other countries and regions must continue . Russia calls for going over from debates to the practical creation of a broad counterterrorism front based on international law and led by the UN . Naturally , we highly appreciate the support and assistance of our BRICS partners in this respect . ”
“ I have to say a few words about the situation on the Korean Peninsula , where tensions have grown recently and the situation is balancing on the brink of a large-scale conflict . Russia believes that the policy of putting pressure on Pyongyang to stop its nuclear missile programme is misguided and futile . The region ’ s problems should only be settled through a direct dialogue of all the parties concerned without any preconditions . Provocations , pressure and militarist and insulting rhetoric are a dead-end road . ”
“ Russia and China have created a roadmap for a settlement on the Korean Peninsula that is designed to promote the gradual easing of tensions and the creation of a mechanism for lasting peace and security . ”
“ Russia also calls for promoting the interaction of the BRICS countries in the area of global information security . We propose joining our efforts to create a legal basis for cooperation and subsequently to draft and adopt universal rules of responsible behaviour of states in this sphere . A major step towards this goal would be the signing of an intergovernmental BRICS agreement on international information security . ”
“ I would like to point out that on Russia ’ s initiative a BRICS Strategy for Economic Partnership was adopted at the Ufa Summit in 2015 and is being successfully implemented . We hope to be able to discuss new large-scale cooperation tasks in trade and investment and industrial cooperation at the Xiamen Summit . ”
“ Russia stands for strengthening the BRICS countries ' partnership in politics , the economy , culture and other areas . We are ready to continue working jointly with our colleagues to promote democracy and to strengthen the healthy elements of international relations based firmly on international law . ”
“ I am convinced that the Xiamen Summit will help invigorate our countries ' efforts towards finding solutions to the challenges of the 21st century and will propel cooperation within BRICS to a higher level . ”
BRICS : Towards new horizons of strategic partnership
By Vladimir Putin
The 9th BRICS Summit will be held in Xiamen , China , on September 4 and 5 . I consider it important in this regard to present Russia ’ s approaches to cooperation within the framework of this large and respected association and to share my views on the future of our further cooperation .
I would like to begin by expressing our appreciation of China ’ s significant contribution as this year ’ s chair of the organisation , which has allowed the BRICS countries as a group to move forward in all the key areas of our partnership , including politics , the economy and culture . Moreover , the group of five has greatly strengthened its global standing .
It is important that our group ’ s activities are based on the principles of equality , respect for one another ’ s opinions and consensus . Within BRICS , nothing is ever forced on anyone . When the approaches of its members do not coincide , we work patiently and carefully to coordinate them . This open and trust-based atmosphere is conducive to the successful implementation of our tasks .
Russia highly values the multifaceted cooperation that has developed within BRICS . Our countries ’ constructive cooperation on the international arena is aimed at creating a fair multipolar world and equal development conditions for all .
Russia stands for closer coordination of the BRICS countries ’ foreign policies , primarily at the UN and G20 , as well as other international organisations . It is clear that only the combined efforts of all countries can help bring about global stability and find solutions to many acute conflicts , including those in the Middle East . I would like to say that it was largely thanks to the efforts of Russia and other concerned countries that conditions have been created to improve the situation in Syria . We have delivered a powerful blow to the terrorists and laid the groundwork for launching the movement towards a political settlement and the return of the Syrian people to peace .
However , the fight against terrorists in Syria and other countries and regions must continue . Russia calls for going over from debates to the practical creation of a broad counterterrorism front based on international law and led by the UN . Naturally , we highly appreciate the support and assistance of our BRICS partners in this respect .
I have to say a few words about the situation on the Korean Peninsula , where tensions have grown recently and the situation is balancing on the brink of a large-scale conflict . Russia believes that the policy of putting pressure on Pyongyang to stop its nuclear missile programme is misguided and futile . The region ’ s problems should only be settled through a direct dialogue of all the parties concerned without any preconditions . Provocations , pressure and militarist and insulting rhetoric are a dead-end road .
Russia and China have created a roadmap for a settlement on the Korean Peninsula that is designed to promote the gradual easing of tensions and the creation of a mechanism for lasting peace and security .
Russia also calls for promoting the interaction of the BRICS countries in the area of global information security . We propose joining our efforts to create a legal basis for cooperation and subsequently to draft and adopt universal rules of responsible behaviour of states in this sphere . A major step towards this goal would be the signing of an intergovernmental BRICS agreement on international information security .
I would like to point out that on Russia ’ s initiative a BRICS Strategy for Economic Partnership was adopted at the Ufa Summit in 2015 and is being successfully implemented . We hope to be able to discuss new large-scale cooperation tasks in trade and investment and industrial cooperation at the Xiamen Summit .
Russia is interested in promoting economic cooperation within the BRICS format . Considerable practical achievements have been recently reported in this area , primarily the launch of the New Development Bank ( NDB ) . It has approved seven investment projects in the BRICS countries worth around $ 1.5 billion . This year , the NDB is to approve a second package of investment projects worth $ 2.5- $ 3 billion in total . I am convinced that their implementation will not only be a boost to our economies but will also promote integration between our countries .
Russia shares the BRICS countries ’ concerns over the unfairness of the global financial and economic architecture , which does not give due regard to the growing weight of the emerging economies . We are ready to work together with our partners to promote international financial regulation reforms and to overcome the excessive domination of the limited number of reserve currencies . We will also work towards a more balanced distribution of quotas and voting shares within the IMF and the World Bank .
I am confident that the BRICS countries will continue to act in a consolidated manner against protectionism and new barriers in global trade . We value the BRICS countries ’ consensus on this issue , which allows us to more consistently advocate the foundations of an open , equal and mutually beneficial multilateral trade system and to strengthen the role of the WTO as the key regulator in international trade .
Russia ’ s initiative on the development of cooperation among the BRICS countries ’ antimonopoly agencies is aimed at creating effective mechanisms to encourage healthy competition . The goal is to create a package of cooperation measures to work against the restrictive business practices of large multinational corporations and trans-border violations of competition rules .
I would like to draw your attention to Russia ’ s initiative on the establishment of a BRICS Energy Research Platform . We believe that this would enable us to coordinate our information , analysis and research activities in the interests of the five BRICS countries and would ultimately facilitate the implementation of joint energy investment projects .
Another priority is to build up our cooperation in the area of small and medium-sized enterprises ( SME ) . We believe that we should integrate the national SMEs ’ online resources for placing crosslinks and other commercial information and for exchanging data on reliable partners .
Russia is advocating the Women and the Economy public-private dialogue . This initiative provides for holding regular debates by members of the BRICS countries ’ business and expert communities , women ’ s associations and government agencies . The first such meeting was held in Novosibirsk on July 4 , 2017 , on the sidelines of the First International Women ’ s Congress of the SCO and BRICS Member States . Another related idea is to create a BRICS Women ’ s Business Club as a network of professional interaction between women in business through a specialised online information resource .
Our other priorities include cooperation in science , technology , innovations and cutting edge medicine . Our countries have a big potential in this respect that comprises a solid and mutually complementary research base , unique technical achievements , skilled personnel and huge markets for science-intensive products . We propose discussing at the upcoming summit a package of measures to reduce the threat of infectious diseases and to create new medicines to prevent and fight epidemics .
I believe our cooperation in the humanitarian sphere has excellent prospects . While working to implement the BRICS Intergovernmental Agreement on Cooperation in the Field of Culture , we hope that our partners will take part in the New Wave and New Wave Junior international contests of young pop singers . We have also advanced the initiative to create a joint television network of the BRICS countries .
Russia stands for strengthening the BRICS countries ’ partnership in politics , the economy , culture and other areas . We are ready to continue working jointly with our colleagues to promote democracy and to strengthen the healthy elements of international relations based firmly on international law . I am convinced that the Xiamen Summit will help invigorate our countries ’ efforts towards finding solutions to the challenges of the 21st century and will propel cooperation within BRICS to a higher level .
I wholeheartedly wish health and success to all people in the BRICS countries .
In 2015 , there was no shortage of moments that made us grin from ear-to-ear .
We rounded up some of the year 's most feel-good stories that 'll make you look back fondly on the past 12 months . From a dog who somehow mastered the public transit system , to a mailman who made one young reader 's dreams come true , these stories were so moving , we just could n't help but crack a smile .
Check them out below .
When This Little Boy Could n't Keep It Together After Meeting His Heroes
Some things in life are just too good to handle .
Quincy Kroner had that exact feeling on March 13 when he met his heroes -- the neighborhood garbage men , Mark Davis and Eddie Washington . The Cincinnati 2-year-old has been fascinated by the garbage truck “ since about the age he could walk , ” the toddler ’ s father , Ollie Kroner , told The Huffington Post . But this was the first time he met the garbage men in person , and it was all too much for him -- resulting in the adorably priceless photo above .
When This Mailman Got The Internet To Come Together For A Boy Who Loves To Read
Twelve-year-old Mathew Flores loves to read . But until recently , advertisements were the only reading materials available to the boy .
Flores approached his mailman , Ron Lynch , in a Salt Lake City suburb to ask if he could have any junk mail .
Instead , Lynch asked his Facebook friends if they could spare some books for Flores .
People from around the world , including the UK , Australia and India , sent books to Mathew . Lynch told HuffPost hundreds of books have been delivered to the boy 's door .
When This Dog Stunned Everyone With Her Bus-Riding Abilities
Seattle 's public transit system has had a ruff go of things lately , and that has riders smiling .
You see , of the 120 million riders who used the system last year , at least one of them is a dog .
Seattle 's KOMO-TV reports the 2-year-old black Labrador mix , named Eclipse , has become a regular fixture on the city 's D-Line after she figured out how to ride the bus alone to the dog park .
When This Orphan Kangaroo Stole Hearts Everywhere With His Teddy Bear
We 're just as in love with this little kangaroo as he is with his stuffed teddy bear .
Timothy Beshara , who lives in Tasmania , shared a photo on Twitter this past Tuesday of an orphaned eastern grey kangaroo named `` Doodlebug '' -- yes , DOODLEBUG ! -- clutching his stuffed teddy bear in New South Wales , Australia .
When This Man Tugged At Our Heartstrings With His Train For Rescue Dogs
Everyone deserves a little fun in life , even stray dogs .
Eugene Bostick , an 80-year-old retiree and his brother decided to take abandoned dogs in , giving them shelter and food . He also wanted to take them on trips outside the farm .
So he put together a makeshift train to take the dogs through the streets , to a nearby forest or creek .
`` Whenever they hear me hooking the tractor up to it , man , they get so excited , '' Bostick told The Dodo . `` They all come running and jump in on their own . They 're ready to go . ''
When This Teen Made All 1,076 Girls At His School Feel Like A Million Bucks
Wanting every girl at his high school to feel loved on Valentine ’ s Day , one big-hearted Oklahoma teen decided to surprise all of them with cards and candy this year -- a total of 1,076 girls .
According to KFOR , Dan Williams , a student at Edmond High School in Edmond , Oklahoma , had to work all summer to raise enough money for the surprise gifts . “ To know that someone cares about them , that 's the best feeling in the world I think , ” he told the news outlet .
Liu Xiang 's career started as a high jumper . Mr. Sun Haiping encouraged him to move up to hurdles . Without him , Liu ’ s career would have come to a halt as his parents had withdrawn him from the sports school .
In 2001 , Liu won his first world championship at World University Games in Beijing .
Gold in 110m hurdles at 2002 Busan Asian Games is the first one of Liu 's three consecutive titles of Asian Games .
The acme of his career came in the summer of 2004 . Liu became the first ever Chinese man to win a gold medal in track events at Olympics .
In 2006 , Liu set a new world record at the Super Grand Prix in Lausanne with a time of 12.88 seconds .
He raced to victory in the 60m hurdles at 2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships in Valencia , Spain . It is his first and only title at World Indoor Championships .
Liu suffered injury in his right Achilles tendon , and withdrew from the 110m hurdles at Beijing Olympic Games .
Recovering from injury , Liu won at the Prefontaine Classic with a time of 12.87 seconds , matching the world record albeit with wind-assistance of 2.4m/s . Unfortunately , no result can be registered as a record with wind-assistance more than 2m/s .
In the 110 meter hurdles at 2012 Olympics , Liu pulled his Achilles tendon and fell down . He kissed the last hurdle , left the track , and participated no more competitions .
On April 7 , 2015 , China 's flying man announced retirement .
Malaysia has sent a team to the French Indian Ocean island of Reunion to determine whether debris which washed up there is from missing flight MH370 .
The two-meter-long piece of wreckage washed up on the island , about 600km east of Madagascar , late on Wednesday .
Aviation experts have said the debris looks like a wing component from a 777 , known as a flaperon .
Malaysia Airlines said it would be `` premature '' to speculate on its origin .
There have been other plane crashes much closer to Reunion , but flight MH370 is the only Boeing 777 to have disappeared in the area .
An US official told the Associated Press news agency that , based on the photos , investigators had a `` high degree of confidence '' that the part was a flaperon unique to a Boeing 777 wing .
A flaperon is a part of the wing used to manage the lift and control the roll of an aircraft .
French authorities in Reunion are also investigating the debris and Australian investigators are reported to be in touch with manufacturers over the find .
The Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 travelling from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board vanished without trace in March 2014 . There were 227 passengers on the flight , including 153 Chinese and 38 Malaysians .
The opening of a cafe devoted to Russian President Vladimir Putin has raised eyebrows over its use of Western leaders ' images in the toilets .
The appropriately named President cafe , in the Siberian city of Krasnoyarsk , has adorned its interior with photos of Mr Putin across the years , and plays the Russian national anthem every day at midnight , state-owned Rossiya 24 TV reports .
But the establishment 's toilets are a Putin-free zone . Labelled `` Nato bloc '' , they 're plastered with images of `` non-friendly Western leaders '' including David Cameron , Angela Merkel and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko , the report says . Barack Obama gets a look in too - on the toilet paper .
The owners have provided a black marker pen for visitors to add their own flourishes to the leaders ' photos , and there 's a less-than-subtle dig at the US underfoot , with American flag doormats . The menu does n't discriminate , though , with both French fries and Coca Cola on offer .
One customer tells the channel that he liked the toilets ' decor and would `` revisit it with pleasure '' , but the report notes that Krasnoyarsk residents are n't all so enthusiastic , with some concerned it could violate the law on inciting hatred .
Lawyer Igor Simonov seems to agree , telling the channel that individuals ' images ca n't be used without permission . He says even if the use is satirical , it would violate `` one 's personal rights , honour , dignity and business reputation '' .
There 's been a mixed response from Russians commenting online . On the Komsomolskaya Pravda website one person congratulates the owners for their idea and another says : `` Everything is super ! We wish you prosperity ! '' But a Moscow-based user says : `` Such 'patriotisim ' makes me sick . ''
Several others agree , with one writing : `` This is so crude ! We have to put up a real fight against our opponents - in the economy , in defence , in high living standards for our people , not fall to the level of primitive insults . ''
Google ’ s motto is “ Don ’ t be evil , ” and if there ’ s one family that at least claims to operate under non-evil principles , it ’ s House Stark .
But in Westeros as in Mountain View , reality doesn ’ t always match perception . And after the Lannister-led execution of the family ’ s patriarch Ned , his son Robb falls just short of the family ethos , breaking an oath to a crucial ally .
Meanwhile , the last year hasn ’ t exactly been evil-free for Google . The company admitted its Street View project had violated unsuspecting users ’ privacy .
In the coming months , both Robb and Google may be forced to deal with the consequences of their betrayal . But in the meantime , both families continue to make strides in key battlegrounds , as Robb keeps up his winning record on literal battlefields , and Google ’ s Android OS takes chunks out of Apple ’ s mobile market share .
But just as the rulers in King ’ s Landing still pose an existential threat to the Starks , there ’ s one area where Google has failed to contend : Social .
Both Facebook and House Lannister are led by boy kings who are feared and mocked in equal measure . Both have a ton of cash , but also a ton of expenses ( war isn ’ t cheap whether it ’ s fought with wildfire or lines of code ) . And while both ruling houses have a huge number of subjects , those subjects don ’ t always have a whole lot of trust in their overlords .
Like the Lannisters , Facebook is arguably better at conquering than at ruling . It ’ s got all those users , sure , but Facebook needs to make sure its product is compelling enough that people keep coming back for more ( not a simple proposition ) . “ Power resides where men believe it resides , ” says the eunuch Varys in the show ’ s second season . And if Facebook can ’ t make its billion users into true believers again , that 10-digit figure will be nothing more than a number .
When Tim Cook , successor to the throne of Steve Jobs , gave his first TV interview as Apple CEO in Grand Central Station , hardly anyone noticed him . Obviously , a recognizable face and a dose of charisma is hardly a prerequisite for being a good CEO . But the iconography of Steve Jobs was so tied to Apple ’ s identity , many felt that when Jobs died , a little piece of Apple died with him .
This no-win situation for Cook is echoed perfectly in “ Thrones. ” After the death of the popular , charismatic Robert Baratheon , nobody could muster much excitement for his brother Stannis , nevermind that he was the rightful heir to his throne . Icons simply aren ’ t replaceable . So as Stannis suffered repeated indignities from those who would deny him the throne , Cook faced his own revolt from lordlings ( read : shareholders ) . Then there was Apple ’ s disastrous Maps launch , and the company ’ s plummeting share price .
But don ’ t count either of them out yet . Just as Apple still has the best-selling smartphone in the world , Stannis still has that crazy witch lady who makes shadow monsters come out of her uterus .
On first glance you may not see much in common between Jeff Bezos and Daenerys Targaryen . But take a closer look , and you ’ ll see that both belong to clans that have been around forever . Both are continually written off and yet keep finding unlikely ways to stay relevant . And they both use the same approach when dealing with rival merchants , which comes down to , “ Join us , or I ’ ll vanquish you and your undying souls with dragonfire. ” ( Or in Amazon ’ s case , “ Join us or you can ’ t use our API anymore . ” )
Just as the dragon mother rewards her subjects for their loyalty , Amazon makes its customers feel loved with streaming movies that rival Netflix , free shipping , and affordable tablets .
Although most young Argentinians aren ’ t even thinking about marriage these days , they seem quite fond of wedding ceremonies . So they ’ ve come up with a bizarre party trend of fake weddings , where groups of 20- and 30-somethings get together to attend wedding-themed parties complete with fake bride and groom .
The idea was the brainchild of 26-year-old publicist Martin Acerbi , who , a couple of years ago , organised a fake wedding with four of his friends in La Plata , about 32 miles away from Buenos Aires . “ It all started two years ago with a group of friends : we realised we hadn ’ t been to a wedding in a long time because hardly anybody is getting married anymore , ” Acerbi says .
To his surprise , the event was a huge success which got him thinking about a new business . The friends went on to found ‘ Falsa Boda ’ , a fake wedding organising company , in November 2013 . They rent out real wedding locations , hire caterers , florists , and DJs , and make everything look like a real wedding . Except , there is no ‘ happily ever after ’ .
The bride and groom are hired too , as is a secret boyfriend or spurned lover who arrives unexpectedly to disrupt the ceremony . There ’ s a fair bit of drama when the bride or groom abandons the wedding and elopes with the third actor . There ’ s a different storyline for each event , and sometimes the ‘ bride ’ even throws her bouquet to the female guests .
“ These wedding professionals have become our strategic allies , we organise it like it ’ s the real thing , except the marriage itself is fake , ” Acerbi said . “ Our guests get all the fun of a wedding party with none of the commitment , or the problem of finding someone who is actually getting married . ”
Each fake wedding event can accommodate 600 to 700 guests , who all pay about $ 50 to attend . According to Acerbi , the events are mostly targeted at women , who end up buying the majority of the tickets . “ The romanticism around weddings is clearly still alive , at least in that respect , ” he explained .
32-year-old marketing manager Pablo Boniface , who recently attended a fake wedding , said : “ The girls were euphoric , as if a cousin of theirs was really getting married , but it was just an actress . When the bride arrived , everyone went crazy , pulling out their phones and snapping pictures like she was a Hollywood star. ” He agreed that the fake weddings were a big hit because hardly anyone his age ever talks about getting married . “ I ’ m single and so are all of my friends of both sexes . Marriage is something we don ’ t even think about . It ’ s a formality that has nothing to do with love . ”
There ’ s plenty of data to prove Boniface right . 22,000 couples tied the knot in Buenos Aires in 1990 , but that number nosedived to almost half that – 11,642 – by 2013 . According to government statistics , the people who do get married are much older . So people these days don ’ t have many opportunities to attend wedding parties , which is why Acerbi ’ s fake weddings are so popular .
“ They are going to see something they don ’ t do in real life any more , ” explained sociologist Victoria Mazzeo . “ The fact is that very few young people get married anymore . ”
And as Boniface pointed out , it ’ s apparently easier to meet someone at fake weddings than at real ones !
When booking a holiday many seek to find a place that has guaranteed sunshine and little chance of rain ruining the fun .
However not everyone wants a hot break , with others preferring to holidays witnessing spectacular clear skies and pure air .
Visitors to Iceland , for example , inhale the cleanest air on earth thanks to forests which act as natural air filters .
Whether you feel most at home soaking up the sun or heading to the slopes , here are the destinations with the most perfect weather conditions .
1 . Sunniest for the most days a year - U.S. ( Arizona )
According to the Guinness Book of Records the country that gets the most sunshine is the U.S. , with the state of Arizona taking the title of the sunniest city .
Sunworshippers should note that the southwestern area gets around 4,000 hours of glorious sunshine a year .
That equates to 11 hours per day , perfect for viewing the state 's stunning natural attraction , the Grand Canyon .
Texting an emoji to a loved one or riding astride a galloping horse . Both are skills that , apparently , should come with ease to the modern gentleman .
Or at least that is the message in the latest edition of Country Life .
The weekly magazine has published its '39 steps ' reflecting what it deems to be the ground rules for male manners in today 's bewildering world of social media , high-tech gadgets and constantly shifting trends .
It comprises a range of topics , including male grooming , technology use and competency in the great outdoors .
The inclusion of pursuits like sailing and horse-riding are listed and chime with historic gentlemanly conventions , while other suggestions firmly reflect 21st century trends .
One rule drawn up by Rupert Uloth , the magazine 's deputy editor , is that a gentleman should 'know when to use an emoji ' , the smiley faces that can be copied into text messages and emails .
He insists they should never be used in professional life .
'The point about that one is that it 's good to be able to communicate with one 's children , godchildren , nephews and nieces , and to show that you know what an emoji is , ' said Mr Uloth .
The magazine also says a gentleman 'never blow dries his hair ' , never wears sandals , 'can tie his own bow tie ' and polishes his shoes . Lilac socks , it says , are poor taste .
As for the opposite sex , the magazine insists that a gentleman always 'breaks a relationship face to face ' but while he is in that relationship he should be able to 'undo a bra with one hand ' .
The modern gentleman should also have read Pride and Prejudice and 'cooks an omelette to die for . '
And another point that perhaps comes from a woman 's point of view : he 'demonstrates that making love is neither a race nor a competition . '
Perhaps surprisingly the magazine takes a relaxed view on tattoos , though it urges men to remember 'facial hair is temporary , but a tattoo is permanent ' .
Mr Uloth said : 'We mean do n't be stuffy about it , but it 's about remembering that it 's pretty difficult to get rid of tattoos . We 're not saying that you should n't have one . '
Mark Hedges , the magazine 's editor , said : 'There is no higher accolade than to call a man a gentleman . '
What constitutes gentlemanliness is a topic touched upon by great British writers throughout history .
Oscar Wilde said a gentleman was one 'who never hurts anyone 's feelings unintentionally ' , while George Bernard Shaw said a gentleman always 'puts more into the world than he takes out ' .
Paula Lester , features editor of Country Life , said the most important points on the the magazine 's list were the ones that revolved around being kind and caring .
These include rules such as that a gentleman 'carries house guests ' luggage to their rooms ' , 'wears his learning lightly ' , 'never lets a door slam in someone 's face ' and 'turns his mobile phone to silent at dinner ' .
Ms Lester said : 'Our magazine has been going for 120 years , so we 've got a pretty good idea about what makes a gentleman .
'It 's almost the ones that you do n't have to think about that are the most important : being kind and in control , having courtesy and charm , and being able to put people at their ease in any kind of social situation . '
A-listers are used to wafting down the red carpet in designer gowns costing more than most of us earn in a year .
But while most of their ensembles will be forgotten amid the never-ending parade of award ceremonies , premieres and parties , some gowns manage to achieve iconic status and a very hefty price tag to match .
Getty Images has revealed the top ten most expensive dresses of all time .
The list includes two royals , Princess Diana and The Duchess of Cambridge with the latter 's Alexander McQueen wedding dress having cost a huge £250,000 .
Nicole Kidman also makes the list , not so much because of the value of the John Galliano for Christian Dior dress she wore to the 1997 Oscars , but because she was reportedly paid $ 2 million to wear it .
And the white dress Marilyn Monroe wore in the famous subway scene in The Seven Year Itch has the distinction of being the most valuable after selling for $ 5.6 million at auction in 2011 .
Another piece of movie history , Audrey Hepburn 's famous black Givenchy dress from Breakfast At Tiffany 's also makes the grade .
Seen as one of the most iconic dresses of all time , it sold for just under a million dollars at auction .
The black Victor Edelstein dress Princess Diana wore to The White House in 1985 became even more famous when she danced with John Travolta and sold at auction in 2013 for £240,000 .
Lupita Nyong'o attended the Oscars in 2015 wearing a custom Calvin Klein dress made with over 6,000 pearls worth $ 150,000 ( £115,500 ) .
Cate Blanchett stunned in a $ 200,000 ( £154K ) Armani Privé dress fully embellished with Swarovski crystals for the 2007 Oscars .
Coffee is made from beans , chameleons change colour to match their surroundings and Mount Qomolangma is the 'tallest ' mountain in the world .
These are all modern day 'facts ' which we believe to be true – but experts have pointed out that many are simple misconceptions .
For example , while Qomolangma is officially the tallest mountain in the world , some claim it technically should n't own the title because Mauna Kea is the tallest mountain when measured from base to summit .
Others are just downright myths , such as that the Great Wall of China can be seen from space and that caffeine is dehydrating .
Many of the 'faux facts ' date back generations and have become part of common folklore but are often based on rumour or as a result of Chinese whispers .
However , closer inspection reveals that commonly-held assumptions such as 'eating cheese before bed gives you nightmares ' are , in fact , not quite as true as they seem .
The raft of common misconceptions was uncovered by Ripley 's Believe it or Not ! London , a visitor attraction dedicated to the bizarre in Piccadilly Circus .
A spokesman said : 'If you 're told something enough times , you 're sure to start believing it .
'The misconceptions in this list are all pretty plausible , so it 's understandable that many Brits will have read it and been certain it 's true , with many of us being told these from an early age .
'Unbelievably , all of these commonly believed facts are in fact common misconceptions that we have myths and misconceptions .
'We 've found this research really interesting as the whole Ripley 's attraction is filled with exhibits that have the 'Believe It or Not ! ' factor .
'As our founder Robert Ripley used to say , it is often the strangest things that are true . '
THE TOP 50 COMMON MISCONCEPTIONS RESOLVED
1 . Coffee is made from beans
While it is widely believed that coffee comes from 'coffee beans ' , experts say it is actually made from a seed which is called a bean .
2 . Chameleons change colour to match their surroundings
Believe it or not , chameleons actually change colour as a response to mood , temperature , communication and light instead of the object they are touching .
3 . Mount Qomolangma is the 'tallest ' mountain in the world
While Mount Qomolangma is officially deemed the tallest mountain in the world , experts claim that technically it may not be . The summit of Qomolangma is officially higher above sea level than the summit of any other mountain , but Mauna Kea is the tallest when measured from base to summit . However , the record books deem it the tallest because it has the highest peak on Earth .
4 . The Great Wall of China can be seen from space
The Apollo astronauts confirmed that you ca n't see the Great Wall of China from the Moon . In fact , all you can see from the Moon is the white and blue marble of Earth .
5 . One human year is equivalent to seven dog years
While true in some cases , it does not apply to everyone because it very much depends on the size and breed of the dog .
6 . You lose your body heat fastest through your head
While this is widely believed to be true , some experts say it is a myth and claim humans would be just as cold if they went without a hat as if they went without trousers .
7 . The Earth revolves around the Sun
Technically , the Earth , sun and all of the other the planets are orbiting around the centre of mass of the solar system , not specifically the sun .
8 . Different parts of your tongue detects different tastes
This was scientifically disproven by research which found that all taste sensations come from all regions of the tongue , although different parts are more sensitive to certain tastes which may be where the popular saying comes from .
9 . Peanuts are a type of nut
Unbelievably , peanuts , along with beans and peas , actually belong to the single plant family , Leguminosae .
10 . Giving children sugar makes them hyper
While some experts do stand by this common belief , other professors claim that the majority of scientific research has concluded that sugar does not cause hyperactivity in youngsters .
11 . Humans have five senses
This is correct , although in actual fact there are at least nine senses and most researchers think there are more like 21 . The five main senses - sight , sound , touch , smell and taste - are the ones referred to in this popular saying .
12 . Fortune cookies are a Chinese tradition
Fortune cookies were originally the invention of Japanese-Americans before being widely adopted by Chinese culture .
13 . Sushi means 'raw fish '
Sushi actually translates as sour-tasting .
14 . Vikings wore horned helmets
While this may well be true , experts say there is actually no evidence to suggest that Vikings ever wore horned helmets .
15 . The forbidden fruit mentioned in the Book of Genesis is an apple
The bible never mentions the forbidden fruit was an apple .
16 . Vitamin C is an effective treatment for a cold
Flu-sufferers are often encouraged to increase their dosage of Vitamin C , but most experts have stated that there is little or no evidence that the vitamin can help treatment of a cold . Instead of effectively treating a cold , it is thought to help build up the immune system to ward of potential flu viruses .
17 . Penguins mate for life
Penguins are mostly monogamous , but there are some species such as the Emperor Penguin which are serially monogamous . They mate with one couple for the whole season but will probably mate with another penguin the following year as the urgent need for breeding will make them avoid waiting for the same couple .
18 . Caffeine dehydrates you
While caffeinated drinks may have a mild diuretic effect - meaning that they may cause the need to urinate - some experts believe they do n't appear to increase the risk of dehydration .
19 . When in London , you are merely six feet away from a rat
This could well be true but has n't been proven and is just a rough estimate as rodents are not evenly spread apart .
20 . There is a dark side of the moon
As the Moon is constantly rotating on its own axis , there is no area of the planetoid which is in permanent darkness .
21 . A toilet 's flush will change direction depending upon which hemisphere it is in
The real cause of 'backwards'-flushing toilets is just that the water jets point in the opposite direction .
22 . Mars is red
The red colour we see in images of Mars is just the result of iron rusting .
23 . Sunflowers track the sun across the sky
A common misconception is that sunflower heads track the sun across the sky when in full bloom . The uniform alignment of the flowers does result from heliotropism in an earlier development stage , the bud stage , before the appearance of flower heads so technically they follow the sun before they have bloomed , not after .
24 . People use just 10 per cent of their brain
Neurologists describe the myth as false and state we use virtually every part of the brain , and that ( most of ) the brain is active almost all the time .
25 . Your fingernails continue to grow after you die
The dehydration of the body after death can cause retraction of the skin around hair and nails , giving the illusion that they have grown . However , all tissues require energy to sustain their functions , and no such thing is possible once the mechanism that promotes normal growth shuts down at death .
26 . Bats are blind
Despite the tiny eyes and nocturnal lifestyle , none of the roughly 1,100 bat species are blind .
27 . Dropping a penny from the Empire State building would kill someone
A penny only weighs about a gram and it tumbles as it falls . Because of the tumbling and the light weight , there 's so much air resistance that the penny never really gathers that much speed before it hits its terminal velocity . A gram of weight travelling at a relatively slow speed might hurt a little if it hit you on the head , but it 's not going to kill you .
28 . Handling a baby bird will make its mother reject it
Most birds have a very poor sense of smell , so in most cases are unable to even notice human scent on baby bird .
29 . You need to wait 24 hours before reporting a missing person to the police
There is no rule that states you have to wait 24 hours before reporting a missing person . The person will be recorded as missing and their details made available to other UK police forces within 48 hours .
30 . Your blood is blue before its oxygenated
While many believe that de-oxygenated blood is blue , it is actually a myth because human blood is always red - although the level of redness does differ depending on how oxygenated it is .
31 . A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds
This is not true as goldfish do actually have very good memories for fish . They can be trained to respond various ways to certain colours of light , different kinds of music and other sensory cues .
32 . You need to wait an hour after eating before you can swim safely
As with any exercise after eating , swimming right after a big meal might be uncomfortable , but it wo n't cause you to drown . However , it is good advice to stay out of the pool right after a big meal as the digestive process does divert the circulation of the blood towards the gut and to a certain extent , away from the muscles , meaning swimming could feel harder .
33 . Bulls are enraged by the colour red
It is a proven fact that bulls only see blues and yellow . They only react to the red cape because of the movements that flutter around .
34 . Seasons are caused by the Earth being closer to the Sun
As Earth orbits the sun , its tilted axis always points in the same direction . So , throughout the year , different parts of Earth get the sun 's direct rays .
35 . Eating lots of chocolate will give you spots
There is no concrete evidence that suggests eating more chocolate can cause spots .
36 . Shaving your leg hair will make it grow back quicker
Many believe shaving body hair makes it grow back quicker but shaving hair does n't change its thickness , colour or rate of growth . Shaving facial or body hair simply gives the hair a blunt tip which might feel coarse or 'stubbly ' for a period of time as it grows out .
37 . Frankenstein was the name of the monster in Mary Shelley 's book 'Frankenstein '
Frankenstein was the name of the monster 's creator .
38 . Microwave radiation can cause cancer
Most experts say that microwave ovens do n't give off enough energy to damage the genetic material ( DNA ) in cells so they ca n't cause cancer .
39 . Men think about sex every seven seconds
While some men might think about sex this often , there is no real evidence to support this statement .
40 . Ostriches bury their head in the sand when they are scared
Ostriches swallow sand and pebbles to help grind up food in their stomachs . This means they have to bend down and briefly stick their heads in the earth to collect the pebbles . It is not because they are scared .
41 . Waking sleepwalkers harms them
Waking a sleepwalker wo n't cause them any physical harm but but could leave them startled or disoriented which is why many people believe it is best not to disturb them .
42 . Albert Einstein failed maths at school
He failed one entry exam to a school but in fact , he actually excelled at mathematics throughout his schooling and even considered becoming a mathematician for a time .
43 . Salty water boils quicker
The salt water requires more exposure to the heat in order to boil than water alone , so the boiling point is elevated and the time it takes to get the water to boil increases .
44 . Carrots help you see in the dark
Carrots contain vitamin A , or retinol , and this is required for your body to synthesise rhodopsin , which is the pigment in your eyes that operates in low-light conditions . If you have a vitamin A deficiency , you will develop nyctalopia or night blindness . Eating carrots would correct this and improve your night vision , but only to the point of an ordinary healthy person - it wo n't ever let you see in complete darkness .
45 . Houseflies only live for around 24hours
The adult housefly can live up to one month in the wild .
46 . Eating cheese before bed will give you nightmares
Cheese is believed to give you more emotionally charged dreams but not necessarily nightmares .
47 . The capital of Australia is Sydney
The capital of Australia is , in fact , Canberra .
48 . Tomatoes are a vegetable
Tomatoes are a fruit
49 . Going out in the cold with wet hair will make you ill
There is no evidence to support this , it is regarded as an old wives ' tale .
50 . Alcohol keeps you warm
Alcohol may make your skin feel warm , but this apparent heatwave is deceptive . A nip or two actually causes your blood vessels to dilate , moving warm blood closer to the surface of your skin , making you feel warmer temporarily . At the same time , however , those same veins pumping blood closer to the skin 's surface causing you to lose core body heat .
A survey of more than 2,000 people living in the UK has found that those with a higher IQ are more likely to live a longer life . Researchers analysed data from the Scottish Mental Surveys - in which almost every 11-year-old in Scotland was given the same IQ test on the same day in 1932 - and tracked the participants ' lives up to when they passed away .
Even when factors such as economic status and employment level were accounted for , the smarter kids ended up living longer than those with lower IQs . These results correlate to several previous studies that have found a link between IQ and mortality when other factors were filtered out .
`` Subjects who died before 1 January 1997 had a significantly lower mean IQ at age 11 years than subjects who were alive or untraced , '' says the report , published in the British Medical Journal . `` Our data shows that high mental ability in late childhood reduces the chances of death up to age 76 years . ''
The numbers crunched by Lawrence Whalley from the University of Aberdeen and Ian Deary from the University of Edinburgh show that someone with an IQ of 115 at age 11 was 21 percent more likely to be alive at the age of 76 than someone with an IQ of 100 ( the general average ) , as David Z. Hambrick at Scientific American reports .
We do n't yet understand why this is the case , but more than 20 longitudinal studies ( studies with data points covering a long period of time ) carried out around the world have found similar links .
There are some interesting hypotheses : one is that intelligent people are more likely to strap themselves in while driving , choose to eat a healthy diet , avoid smoking , and exercise more often . Whalley and Deary found that those with a higher IQ were more likely to quit smoking after its negative health effects were publicised in the 1950s . In other words , smart people might just be better at avoiding things that are going to kill them .
Another hypothesis is that a high IQ is a signifier of a sturdy constitution and a body that 's going to last - it 's essentially a signifier rather than a cause , some scientists believe . One study published in 2005 found that better reaction times specifically helped people live longer - so a high IQ is possibly an indication of an efficient nervous system , rather than being itself a cause of longer life , the researchers proposed .
Alternatively , or perhaps in addition to the above suggestions , it could be that genes are contributing to the link between IQ and longevity . Hambrick cites a recent study involving twins that provides the first evidence for this hypothesis :
`` Twin studies disentangle the effects of environmental and genetic factors on an outcome such as intelligence or lifespan by comparing identical twins , who share 100 percent of their genes , and fraternal twins , who on average share only 50 percent of their genes . [ The researchers ] performed statistical analyses to estimate the contribution of genetic factors to the IQ-lifespan relationship . The results were clear and consistent : genes accounted for most of the relationship . ''
It 's a complicated area of science , particularly as an IQ score does n't necessarily directly represent intelligence , and can be affected by social class , education standards , and other cultural factors - if you 're preconditioned to think you 'll do badly in an exam , for example . Nevertheless , the link is there - and researchers are still trying to find out why .
If 2016 was the year facts did n't matter , when Oxford Dictionaries declared we went `` post-truth '' , it makes sense that conspiracy theories flourished . These are some of the most outlandish ( and , we feel fairly confident in saying , all untrue ) .
1 . The Earth is flat
You might think that this one was put pretty conclusively to bed around 330BC , but it persists into 2016 , championed by the radio-friendly rapper B.o.B .
The Atlanta musician resurrected the argument that the Earth may , in fact , be flat with a storm of tweets in January that seemed to lean heavily on the fact the horizon appears straight in photos ( `` where is the curve ? please explain this '' ) .
Neil deGrasse Tyson 's public putdown prompted B.o.B . to release a diss track , which was not very good , but did show how far the bar has fallen when it comes to prompting diss tracks these days .
That was about the last time anyone spoke of B.o.B . in 2016 .
July 17 : Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 crashes near Grabove in eastern Ukraine , killing all 298 people on board , 193 of them Dutch . Pro-Russian rebels are widely accused of shooting the plane down using a surface-to-air missile - they deny responsibility .
April 10 : A Tupolev 154 plane carrying Polish President Lech Kaczynski crashes near the Russian airport of Smolensk , killing more than 90 people on board .
June 1 : An Air France Airbus 330 travelling from Rio de Janeiro to Paris crashes into the Atlantic with 228 people on board . Search teams later recover some 50 bodies in the ocean .
September 14 : A Boeing-737 crashes on landing near the central Russian city of Perm , killing all 88 passengers and crew members on board .
August 20 : A Spanair plane veers off the runway on take-off at Madrid 's Barajas airport , killing 154 people and injuring 18 .
August 22 : A Russian Tupolev-154 passenger plane with 170 people on board crashes north of Donetsk , in eastern Ukraine .
July 9 : A Russian S7 Airbus A-310 skids off the runway during landing at Irkutsk airport in Siberia . A total of 124 people on board die , but more than 50 survive the crash .
May 3 : An Armavia Airbus A-320 crashes into the Black Sea near Sochi , killing all 113 people on board .
August 14 : A Helios Airways flight from Cyprus to Athens with 121 people on board crashes north of the Greek capital Athens , apparently after a drop in cabin pressure .
January 8 : A Turkish Airlines plane with 76 passengers and crew on board crashes while coming in to land at Diyarbakir .
July 1 : Seventy-one people , many of them children die when a Russian Tupolev 154 aircraft on a school trip to Spain collides with a Boeing 757 transport plane over southern Germany .
October 8 : A Scandinavian Airlines System ( SAS ) airliner collides with a small plane in heavy fog on the runway at Milan 's Linate airport , killing 118 people .
October 4 : A Russian Sibir Airlines Tupolev 154 , en route from Tel Aviv to Novosibirsk in Siberia , explodes in mid-air and crashes into the Black Sea , killing 78 passengers and crew .
July 3 : A Russian Tupolev 154 , en route from Yekaterinburg in the Ural mountains to the Russian port of Vladivostok , crashes near the Siberian city of Irkutsk , killing 133 passengers and 10 crew .
July 25 : Air France Concorde en route for New York crashes into a hotel outside Paris shortly after takeoff , killing 113 people , including four on the ground .
In every way , Johnny is physically and biologically male . But , astonishingly he did not grow a penis until he hit puberty .
He is one of many children who live in Salinas , an isolated village in the southwestern Dominican Republic , who are seemingly born female , only to become men in their teenage years .
Although Johnny ’ s story may seem extraordinary , cases of little girls turning into boys are so prevalent in the village that it is no longer considered abnormal . The children are simply referred to as the ‘ guevedoces ’ – which literally translates as ‘ penis at 12 ’ .
Johnny , 24 , was originally named Felecitia by his parents and brought up as a girl . He spoke to Dr Michael Mosley for the new BBC2 series “ Countdown to Life – the extraordinary making of you '' .
“ I remember I used to wear a little red dress , ” he said . “ I was born at home instead of in a hospital . They didn ’ t know what sex I was .
“ I went to school and I used to wear my skirt . I never liked to dress as a girl . When they bought me girls toys I never bothered playing with them . All I wanted to do was play with the boys . ”
The rare genetic disorder occurs because of a missing enzyme which prevents the production of a specific form of the male sex hormone - dihydro-testosterone - in the womb .
All babies in the womb , whether male or female , have internal glands known as gonads and a small bump between their legs called a tubercle . At around eight weeks , male babies who carry the Y chromosome start to produce dihydro-testosterone in large amounts , which turns the tubercle into a penis . For females , the tubercle becomes a clitoris .
But some male babies are missing the enzyme 5-α-reductase which triggers the hormone surge , so they appear to be born female with no testes and what appears to be a vagina . It is not until puberty , when another huge surge of testosterone is produced , that the male reproductive organs emerge . What should have happened in the womb happens around 12 years later . Their voices deepen and they finally grow a penis .
For Johnny it happened at the age of seven . He claimed that he had never felt like a little girl and was far happier after he fully became a boy .
“ When I changed I was happy with my life , ” he said .
A little girl named Carla is currently going through the same transformation , aged nine . Despite being brought up as a girl , his mother noticed that from the age of five he was more inclined towards the rough and tumble play of little boys . He has recently had his hair cut short after wearing plaits for years .
“ I feel like a man now , ” he said .
Many decide not to change from their female names , so some men in Salinas have names like Catherine .
Further cases have since been seen in the Sambian villages of Papua New Guinea although the Sambians view the children as flawed males and they are often shunned , unlike the Dominicans who welcome the transformation with widespread celebration .
Around one in 90 children in Salinas are guevedoces and although they resemble sexually normal males , subtle differences do still exist in adulthood . Most have decreased amounts of facial hair and smaller prostate glands relative to the average male .
It is thought that the condition has persisted through generations because of the isolation of the villagers . Because the disorder is so widespread and accepted , the Dominican Republic now believes that there are three sexual categories , male , female , and pseudohermaphrodite .
Prince William has written movingly of the `` example and continuity '' provided by the Queen throughout the turbulent decades of her long rein .
Writing in the preface to a new biography of his grandmother , the Duke of Cambridge said she had presided over a period of unprecedented transformation , in which the world had changed `` almost beyond recognition '' .
Prince William , in his preface to Elizabeth II : The Steadfast , by the former Home and Foreign Secretary Lord Hurd , writes : `` Over the last ninety years , the world has changed more rapidly than at any time in history . When my grandmother The Queen was born in 1926 , the wounds of the Great War were still healing , but few would imagine how soon they would be reopened . The confidence of the previous century had morphed into uncertainty and many worried – as they still do – about the challenge presented to our communities by rapid technological and social change . ''
Prince William adds : `` After almost ninety years , we find ourselves in a world that has changed dramatically , almost beyond recognition to the world that The Queen was born into , but where the role of charity , family , duty and compassion perseveres . I think I speak for my generation when I say that the example and continuity provided by The Queen is not only very rare among leaders but a great source of pride and reassurance . Time and again , quietly and modestly , The Queen has shown us all that we can confidently embrace the future without compromising the things that are important . ” ''
`` From a personal point of view , I am privileged to witness the private side of The Queen , as a grandmother and great-grandmother . The Queen ’ s kindness and sense of humour , her innate sense of calm and perspective , and her love of family and home are all attributes I experience first-hand . All of us who will inherit the legacy of my grandmother 's reign and generation need to do all we can to celebrate and learn from her story . Speaking for myself , I am privileged to have The Queen as a model for a life of service to the public . ''
Prince William also pays tribute to the role played by his grandfather , the Duke of Edinburgh , in supporting the Queen throughout her 63-year reign . He writes : `` I should add that no mention of The Queen is complete without paying tribute to my grandfather Prince Philip , who has devoted his life to supporting her . ''
The book comes as the country prepares to celebrate the moment , on September 9 , when the Queen 's becomes Britain 's longest-reigning monarch – overtaking the record set by Queen Victoria .
Elizabeth II : The Steadfast will be published on August 27 by Penguin Books , as part of series of short histories of Britain 's sovereigns entitled Penguin Monarchs .
The third -- and fourth -- time 's the charm for Emma and Noah .
Emma is the most popular girls ' name in the United States in 2016 for the third year in a row , the Social Security Administration announced , and it was the fourth year Noah took the top spot for boys .
Overall , the top 10 most popular names for boys and girls did n't change much from the year before . For boys , Alexander fell off the list . William and Mason increased in popularity for boys and Charlotte for girls .
But a warm welcome is in order for the name Elijah , which broke into the list for the first time . Some well-known Elijahs include actor Elijah Wood and Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland . Characters on the HBO TV series `` Girls '' and CW series `` The Originals '' also bear the name .
Pop culture affects the popularity of certain names every year . Liam remains the second most popular name for boys , perhaps a nod to actor Liam Hemsworth . It has been rising through the list since 2012 , when the first `` Hunger Games '' film , starring Hemsworth , premiered .
But these effects can also be seen when less traditional names make a huge jump in popularity beyond the top 10 .
For boys in 2016 , that name was Kylo , which rose from 3,359 in 2015 to 901 last year . Kylo Ren , a character introduced in the 2015 film `` Star Wars : The Force Awakens , '' is ( spoiler ! ) the troubled son of Princess Leia and Han Solo who leans toward the Dark Side of the Force to emulate his grandfather Darth Vader .
For girls , the name Kehlani jumped from 3,359 in 2015 to 872 in 2016 . Kehlani is a singer , songwriter and dancer who has collaborated with Chance the Rapper and Zayn . She was nominated for a Grammy in 2016 for her album `` You Should Be Here . ''
Creed and Adonis also spiked in popularity for boys in 2016 , perhaps linked to the 2015 movie `` Creed , '' in which Sylvester Stallone once again played Rocky Balboa , this time training his boxing rival 's son , Adonis Johnson Creed . Zayn was another boys ' name on the rise , after the former One Direction member and now solo artist .
Names on the rise for girls included Royalty , Saoirse , Ophelia and Alessia . Parents might have been inspired by actress Saoirse Ronan , singer Alessia Cara and actress Ophelia Lovibond or the release of several songs titled `` Ophelia . ''
Perhaps the Kansas City Royals , who won the 2015 World Series , are the inspiration behind Royalty , according to the Social Security Administration . Singer Chris Brown also has a young daughter named Royalty .
As for names decreasing in popularity , that included four variations on the name Caitlin for girls and Jonael , Aadren , Triston and Freddy for boys .
The 2016 election did n't seem to have an impact on the list : There were no major changes in rankings of the names Donald or Hillary .
The Social Security Administration is able to share the ranking because parents provide children 's names when they apply for Social Security cards . The agency started releasing its popular baby name list by gender in 1997 but has collected names dating to 1880 .
Most popular names for girls in 2016 :
Most popular names for boys :
A South African mayor has awarded college scholarships to 16 young women for remaining virgins to encourage others to be `` pure and focus on school , '' her spokesman said .
The scholarship was introduced this year and has been awarded to young women from the Uthukela district in the eastern KwaZulu-Natal province , mayoral spokesman Jabulani Mkhonza said . Each year the mayor 's office awards scholarships to more than 100 promising high school and university students from the area , he said .
The young women who applied for the scholarships voluntarily stayed virgins and agreed to have regular virginity tests to keep their funding , Uthukela Mayor Dudu Mazibuko told South African talk radio station 702 .
`` To us , it 's just to say thank you for keeping yourself and you can still keep yourself for the next three years until you get your degree or certificate , '' Mazibuko said .
The grants will be renewed `` as long as the child can produce a certificate that she is still a virgin , '' she said . The scholarships focus on young women because they are more vulnerable to exploitation , teenage pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases , she said .
South Africa 's department of basic education recorded about 20,000 pregnancies among girls and young women in schools in 2014 , with 223 pregnant girls still in primary school , according to the South African Broadcasting Corporation . A household survey conducted by Statistics South Africa found that 5.6 percent of South African females aged 14 to 19 were pregnant in 2013 .
`` I think the intentions of the mayor are great but what we do n't agree with is giving bursaries for virginity , '' said chairman for the Commission for Gender Equality Mfanozelwe Shozi . `` There is an issue around discrimination on the basis of pregnancy , virginity and even against boys . This is going too far . ''
Virginity testing is not against South Africa 's constitution but it is essential that it is done with consent , said Shozi .
Some activists have called for the banning of virginity testing in South Africa , describing it as sexist and invasive . Those defending the cultural practice say it preserves tradition and has been modernized to teach girls about their reproductive health and HIV and AIDS .
Women who take an aspirin before sex may increase the likelihood of conceiving a baby boy , suggest researchers .
In a recent study , women with a history of miscarriages were more likely to give birth to a male child after taking aspirin around the time of conception compared with women given a placebo .
In fact , aspirin increased the likelihood of having a boy by nearly a third , reports the Journal of Clinical Investigation .
Previous research showed that recurrent miscarriage is linked to increased inflammation in the womb .
The theory is that the immune system sees the developing embryo as a foreign body , attacking it with inflammatory compounds and immune cells .
This inflammation may further reduce the likelihood of the woman having a boy because male foetuses are thought to be more vulnerable .
In Britain , there are slightly more female births than males .
External harmful factors , such as stress , pollution or smoking around conception have been associated with a reduction in the number of males , and suggest male embryos are more vulnerable for some reason .
Aspirin is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory used to treat pain , fever and inflammation . Several small trials have shown that it increases the pregnancy rate among women undergoing IVF .
In the latest study , researchers at the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development in the US gave 1,228 women who had a history of miscarriages a low-dose aspirin to take before sex or a placebo pill ( folic acid ) for as long as they were attempting to get pregnant .
Thirty-one percent on aspirin had a boy , compared to 23 percent on the placebo . And those on aspirin who had boys had reduced inflammation , suggesting the drug had an effect .
Aspirin before conception seems to ensure the chance of a male embryo being rejected is reduced , says Professor Simon Fishel , president of CARE Fertility clinics .
‘ It is a very interesting conclusion and more studies are needed to confirm if it is a potential solution to the apparent excess of female babies for women with evidence of inflammation .
‘ Importantly , it relates only to women who have had miscarriages and evidence of inflammation . It does not have any bearing on sex ratios in normal conceptions where aspirin will not increase the chances of having a boy . ’
Four Tennessee high school students have been charged with indecent exposure in recent weeks , and two of them jailed for it -- all because they wore sagging pants .
Two seniors at Bolivar Central High School , about 70 miles east of Memphis , spent 48 hours in jail because of their low-riding clothing .
`` I just took it and went on , '' one of the students , Antonio Ammons , told local NBC station WMC . `` I did n't know what else to do . ''
He told the station he had never been in jail before , and was placed with the other inmates .
`` I really did n't like it , '' Ammons told WREG , the CBS station in Memphis . He said he also has to figure out how to pay more than $ 250 in fines and court fees .
Saggy pants violate the school dress code , and the school 's resource officer , Deputy Charles Woods , said he had already reprimanded the students several times , according WREG .
Records posted online by the Hardeman County Sheriff 's Department show four arrests for indecent exposure between Nov. 1 and Nov. 15 , with three of the arrests made by Woods .
The arresting officer of the fourth is not listed .
Woods said in an affidavit that Ammons had been suspended previously for allegedly `` showing gang related/hate violence or intimidation , '' and that he `` walks around all day every day disrespecting the rules of the school , the principal , the teachers , other students and even the SRO , ” according to the Daily Beast .
However , not everyone agreed with the decision to jail the students for their clothing choice .
`` I think jail time might be a little too much , but at the same time there has been a lot of sagging pants , '' parent Crystal Wing told WMC .
`` Maybe we have them do some community service , pick up some trash , help at the dog kennels , things like that , '' Sharon Till told WREG . `` I think putting them in jail is just a little bit much . ''
Saggy pants have become a point of contention in some communities , and have been banned in several places including Opa-Locka , Florida , and Wildwood , New Jersey . Earlier this year , a city council member in Dadeville , Alabama , proposed banning sagging pants because `` God would not go around with pants down . ”
In case you haven ’ t heard , Ireland passed a historic referendum Friday . For the first time , same-sex marriage legalization was voted on by the people ( they voted “ Yes ” btw ) . Here are some of the best celeb reactions to the news .
Hozier : The pure joy of it . I 'm so proud of Irelandtoday ... We can all take pride in making history . Only sorry I ca n't be there to celebrate !
J.K. Rowling : Sitting here watching the Irish make history . Extraordinary and wonderful .
Zach Braff : Ireland , if this is wrong , I do n't wan na be right .
Ricky Martin : # Ireland says YES to marriage equality making it the first country to pass the freedom to marry by popular vote ! # Love Always Wins
Sam Smith : So happy Ireland have passed the law to get married there . Still genuinely shocks me thou , that this is only just happening ! !
Ellen DeGeneres : Ireland did it ! The 1st country to legalize marriage equality by popular vote , but they wo n't be the last ! What an incredible accomplishment
Olivia Wilde : Go Ireland go ! Show the world how to lead with love . So proud to be Irish today .
Kathy Griffin : As an Irish-American woman who spread her father 's ashes in # Ireland , I could n't be prouder today !
Russell Crowe : Dear Ireland , you are even more amazing .
Jesse Tyler Ferguson : I 'm staunchly against leaving civil rights up to a popular vote but I 'm thrilled the populous Ireland seems to embrace # Marriage Eqaulity !
Stephen Fry : The Irish people spoke . And the words they spoke were Respect , Dignity and , loudest of all , Love . The sanctity of marriage has been upheld .
Alan Cumming : Omfg ! Ireland ! Have you done it ? Is it really a YES ?
Josh Jackson : Proud of my # irish heritage every day . But to today it is particularly strong # Equality For All
Seth MacFarlane : Congratulations to Ireland for legalizing same-sex marriage on a national level ! Come on U.S. , let 's catch up to the future .
Hillary Clinton : Well done , Ireland . -H
1 . 'I 've been waiting a while '
You are totally justified in being annoyed that your interviewer kept you waiting . That being said , you get no brownie points for grumbling .
According to Fast Company , a very tardy job interviewer does n't cast the company you 're interviewing with in a particularly good light .
But , for the sake of not burning any bridges , it 's probably better to avoid calling them out on that .
2 . 'Hi ! I know I 'm late but ... '
Yes , it 's a double standard that the interviewee ca n't be late while the interviewer can get away with it . Still , in most cases , that 's just the way it is .
Make sure you give yourself enough time to get to the job interview — even if that means showing up super early and waiting around at a nearby coffee shop , Business Insider previously reported .
And if you are late , do n't draw attention to it or make excuses . Quickly apologize and move on .
3 . 'Are you married ? /Do you have kids ? /How old are you ? /etc . '
Keep things professional . Never ask the interviewer any personal questions — or anything that could be offensive .
You 'll come across as prying , and potentially a bit creepy .
That goes especially for potentially insulting queries , like whether or not a woman is pregnant .
`` If you are not pregnant , it is very much a ground-swallow-me-up-now moment as you struggle to find the words to explain to a perfect stranger that it is very much just a food baby under your jumper , '' Catherine Phillips wrote in the Metro .
4 . 'Who should I avoid in the office ? '
Do n't embroil yourself in coworker drama before you 've even stepped foot into the office . This just makes you sound like a petty person .
Saying something like this might make the hiring manager suspect that you 're an untrustworthy gossip .
Elana Lyn Gross writes in the Career Contessa that office rumor-mongers are particularly troublesome , as they spread both true and false information to `` undermine '' coworkers .
Do n't indicate to the hiring manager that you 're going to cause trouble in the office down the line .
Angrily swearing at someone ( your interviewer or otherwise ) , on the other hand , would definitely knock you out of the running . This goes double for any offensive , racist , or sexist speech .
But in general , hold off on the profanities . Curse words will make you sound rude , vulgar , and unprofessional .
Plus , Business Insider 's Shana Lebowitz previously reported that a 2012 study found that people perceive those who swear as being less intelligent .
6 . 'Excuse me , I need to take this call really quickly '
It 's better to just avoid this pitfall by silencing your phone , Jennifer Parris writes for FlexJobs .
But accidents happen . If you 're halfway through a job interview when your phone starts ringing , do n't take the call . `` It 's disrespectful to the interviewer , even if you just blurt into the phone , 'I 'll call you right back ' , and hang up , '' Parris writes .
Instead , apologize immediately and silence your phone .
7 . 'I just need a job '
Seriously , contain your enthusiasm . This may be true , but definitely do n't admit it to your interviewer .
Writing for SnagaJob , Amy White recommends coming into the interview truly prepared to answer the question : `` Why do you want to work here ? ''
`` Enthusiasm , eagerness , and energy are a first-time job hunter 's best friend , '' she writes .
Be ready to talk about your long-term goals , interest in the company , and desire to improve your professional skills . Otherwise , you might end up blurting out that you 're just desperate .
8 . 'Sorry — I 've got to run ! '
What have you got , a date or something ? Try to keep your schedule relatively uncluttered on the day of the interview .
Forbes reported that there are certain instances when it 's probably best to just pack your things and go .
But unless you 've hit rock bottom in the interview , or the interviewer is some sort of psychopath , it 's probably best to just wait it out .
9 . 'The office is n't what I thought it would be '
You 're here as a job candidate , not as a super-critical interior decorator . Do n't imply that you 're disappointed or underwhelmed .
10 . 'Dude/honey/girls/ladies/man/guys '
This one 's a toss-up . Some people are totally cool with being called things like `` guys '' or `` ladies . '' Others get really irked . It 's probably better to err on the side of caution here , lest you come off as belittling or disrespectful .
Etiquette expert and speaker Jacqueline Whitmore previously told Business Insider that it 's probably not a good idea to use slang or casual language , unless you 're certain that sort of thing matches the organization 's company culture .
Err on the side of formality .
11 . 'That 's not how I 'm used to doing it '
If you start talking about the nitty gritty details of your new job , make sure to avoid coming across like you think you know better than anyone else . Criticizing the company 's way of doing this is a surefire way to alienate your interviewer .
Plus , Business Insider 's Shana Lebowitz reports that highly intelligent folks are `` flexible and able to thrive in different settings . '' Clinging to your old habits and methods could make you seem stubborn and narrow-minded .
Russian athletes have been banned from competing at the Rio 2016 Paralympics following the country 's doping scandal .
The McLaren report , published last month , detailed a state-sponsored doping programme operated by Russia .
The Russian Paralympic Committee is to appeal against the decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport .
In contrast to the IPC , the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) chose not to hand Russia a blanket ban from the Olympic Games .
The Rio 2016 Paralympics begin in 31 days ' time , on 7 September , and 267 Russian athletes across 18 sports will now miss the Games .
`` The anti-doping system in Russia is broken , corrupted and entirely compromised , '' said IPC president Sir Philip Craven at a news conference on Sunday .
`` The Russian Paralympic Committee are unable to ensure compliance with and enforcement of the IPC anti-doping code and the world anti-doping code within their own national jurisdiction and they can not fulfill its fundamental obligation as an IPC member .
`` As a result , the Russian Paralympic Committee is suspended with immediate effect . ''
Russian Paralympic Committee member Evgeniy Bukharov told reporters : `` I 'm disappointed and really shocked . The IOC decided to stay for the rights of the clean athletes and only to fight against the athletes who are involved in doping .
`` I spoke with my team-mates from the organising committee and saw the reaction of the Russian Paralympic team , the athletes and coaches . They are very frustrated with this decision . If someone over four years tries to do their best to participate in the Games , suddenly to hear that they should not participate frustrated them . ''
Why was Russia banned ?
Canadian law professor Richard McLaren 's report found that Russia 's sports ministry manipulated urine samples provided by its athletes between 2011 and 2015 .
The report identified 27 samples relating to eight Para-sports , five of which are summer sports , including some governed by the IPC .
The IPC has also found evidence that samples were swapped during the Sochi 2014 Paralympic Games and it planned to reanalyse every Russian sample from Sochi .
New Zealand 's five dollar note has been named the banknote of 2015 by the International Bank Note Society -- a `` clear winner '' among nearly 40 eligible designs from a record 20 countries .
Scottish Clydesdale Bank 's five pound note , Sweden 's 20 kronor note , Russia 's 100 rouble note and Kazakhstan 's 20,000 tenge note emerged as runners-up , the Guardian reported .
New Zealand 's $ 5 , printed by a Canadian company , shows mountaineer Sir Edmund Hillary ( the first man to summit Mount Qomolangma ) facing the South Island 's Aoraki/Mount Cook and , on the other side , a rare yellow-eyed penguin and local flora .
To be eligible , a banknote must have been issued for the first time during the year of the award , and be in general circulation . It is assessed for its `` artistic merit and/or innovative security features '' , including use of colour , contrast and balance .
The Reserve Bank of New Zealand had released the new $ 5 and $ 10 notes in October last year .
`` The note incorporates some of the world 's most advanced security features , yet still beautifully showcases New Zealand 's history , culture and heritage , '' said the bank .
The International Bank Note Society , which awards the honour every year , praised the `` stunning orange and brown '' design and its `` gorgeous polymer window '' .
This photo , which shows a woman sleeping in front of a tunnel painted with the 2016 Olympics ’ slogan — “ A New World ” — has absolutely taken over Facebook in Brazil .
The photo has been shared more than 17,000 times and has gone viral inside Brazil .
Brazil has spent much of the last four years in the midst of a campaign attempting to sweep aside any sign of poverty in the city that ’ s due to the host the Olympics in just a few weeks .
But the photo that ’ s rocketing around Brazil ’ s internet shows that as much as they try , the government can ’ t eradicate the city ’ s issues .
A lot of people were sure that the picture was way too on the nose to be anything but Photoshopped .
Felipe Barcellos , the photographer responsible for taking the photo , explained that he used the app Snapseed to edit the original image ’ s shadow settings and colors , which made a lot of people sure that he ’ d fabricated the picture .
But Barcellos made sure to post a video of the scene to prove that the picture was legit .
Barcellos is a director , screenwriter , and professor at IED Rio , where he teaches a course titled Pocket Cinema , where he teaches how to tell stories via smartphones .
In an interview with BuzzFeed Brazil , Barcellos said that he saw the woman when he was on a bus leaving the neighborhood of Barra da Tijuca .
“ I spotted the woman as she was laying down just outside the tunnel painted with the # Rio2016 promo design . I decided to take a photo and talk to her , ” he said .
According to Barcellos , the woman didn ’ t want to talk — “ she just wanted to sleep. ” He posted the photo on his Instagram profile with the hashtag # BusStopTales , which is tied to a compilation of photos and short films taken along the road .
Some people left comments critiquing the Olympic games .
“ The makeup will be very beautiful , but when the foreigners leave the country , the river will be more blurred and Brazil be ashamed , ” this commenter wrote on Facebook .
Others pointed out that the photo “ shows the unfortunate realities of Brazil . ”
For Barcellos , the photo , he says , “ is an important part of the discussion on the supposed sustainable legacy of the Olympics . ”
With less than five months to go before the International Olympic Committee chooses the host city for the 2022 Winter Olympics , Chinese political advisors have voiced full support for Beijing 's bid at the annual session of the National Committee of Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) .
Basketball legend Yao Ming , one of the highest-profile CPPCC member , believes that Beijing 's bid for the Winter Olympics will take sport in China to new level .
`` The Beijing 2022 bid would make Chinese people understand more about sport , and as the Winter Olympics feature more outdoor events than the Summer Games , it will get more Chinese involved in sport , '' said the former NBA All-Star center .
Yao , who retired from basketball in 2011 because of a foot injury and now runs the Chinese Basketball Association 's Shanghai Sharks club , was named last month an ambassador for the Beijing 2022 Bid .
`` I am honored to play a part in Beijing 's 2022 bid , '' said Yao .
`` Beijing lost out in the bid race for the 2000 Olympics but won the second time - for the 2008 Games . Those have become unforgettable memories of many Chinese people . I was too young to contribute to either bid , but this time I will do my best , '' he added .
Han Aiping , also a CPPCC member whose daily work is promoting sports at the grassroots level , said that hosting an Winter Olympics in China can further popularize healthy life style in the world 's most populous nation .
`` Since the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games , Chinese people have had more profound understanding of sport , and the national fitness drive has gained more and more attention from the public . I believe , if we win the Winter Olympics bid , the mass enthusiasm in sports , especially winter sports , will go to a new level , '' said Han , a retired badminton player who won multiple world titles in 1980s .
Li Guoping , head of the Beijing Sports Medicine Hospital , has noticed a raising enthusiasm in winter sports since Beijing launched the bid for the 2022 Games .
`` Patients with injuries sustained in winter sports activities increased last year . I think it somehow reflects the growing popularity of winter sports in China , '' said Li .
`` Compared with winter sports , summer sports are better developed in China . But on the other hand , we can also say winter sports have bigger potential in our country . If our bid succeeds , such potential can be well released , '' he added .
Fellow CPPCC member Bian Zhiliang is optimistic about Beijing 's chances in the two-city race with Almaty , Kazakhstan .
`` As ex-IOC president Jacques Rogge said , the 2008 Beijing Olympics was 'truly exceptional ' . I believe if the IOC awards Beijing the 2022 Games , we can also deliver one of the best Winter Olympics in history , '' said Bian , founder of Taishan Sports Equipment Manufacture Group , an official supplier of the 2008 Beijing Olympic and Paralympic Games .
The IOC members will vote on the host city in Kuala Lumpur on July 31 .
Emoji users will soon be able to select female versions of police officers , doctors and athletes after critics said the popular text-message cartoons discriminated against women by showing mainly men in professional roles .
The Unicode consortium , the body that decides global standards for emoji , said 33 existing characters would be altered to allow smartphone users to pick between male and female options .
In addition , a new set of 11 emoji showing people at work , including chefs , farmers and computer programmers , will display male and female versions , as well as several different skin tones .
Previously , phones had represented emoji such as `` weightlifter '' and `` spy '' as male characters , while `` cutting hair '' and `` tipping '' had been represented by females . Future updates to the iPhone and Android software will allow texters to choose between genders .
Google , which had led a campaign to encourage more emoji showing women at work , said : `` More than 90 percent of the world 's online population use emoji . But while there 's a huge range of emoji , there are n't a lot that highlight the diversity of women 's careers , or empower young girls .
`` We hope these updates help make emoji just a little more representative of the millions of people around the world who use them . ''
Other new emoji showing men and women in professional roles include factory workers , mechanics , office workers , scientists , singers and teachers .
The rise of text messaging apps such as WhatsApp and iMessage have made emoji – of which there are now more than 1,500 – a key form of communication . However , they have been criticised for a lack of diversity .
Last year , a range of ethnically-diverse emoji were introduced that allowed users to change from the default yellow to one of six skin tones , and a series showing same-sex couples and families were also added .
On Friday , the charity Scope urged Unicode to add new emoji featuring disabled people and Paralympic athletes .
Inside the sleek body of the latest iPhone is one of two chips made by different manufacturers .
After conducting tests , a number of iPhone users have claimed the battery life differs on the iPhone 6s depending on which chip is inside .
But Apple has said these tests are 'not representative of real-world usage , ' claiming the battery life of 6s handsets varies within just two and three per cent .
Commentators have branded the issue 'chipgate ' .
It has long been rumoured that the A9 chips inside the popular new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus handsets are made by two manufacturers - TSMC and Samsung - and teardowns recently confirmed this .
A number of benchmark tests claim to show a theoretical difference in battery life depending on which A9 chip was tested , with one claiming a 50 minute difference between manufacturers .
Tests first posted on MyDrivers showed that TSMC 's chip out-performed Samsung 's according to reports on BGR.com .
YouTubers Austin Evans and Jonathan Morrison then both claimed to show that TSMC 's chip is slightly more efficient .
Mr Morrison said that Samsung 's processor 'runs hotter and yields less battery life ... there 's definitely a difference of battery life between these two chips ' .
Apple told MailOnline that its own testing , as well as data gathered from its customers since the handset launched , shows the battery life of the handsets varies between two and three per cent .
This is regardless of the chips inside them .
The information from customers is collected automatically if they opted in when they set up their phones .
The firm said : 'With the Apple-designed A9 chip in your iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus , you are getting the most advanced smartphone chip in the world .
'Every chip we ship meets Apple 's highest standards for providing incredible performance and deliver great battery life , regardless of iPhone 6s capacity , color , or model .
'Certain manufactured lab tests which run the processors with a continuous heavy workload until the battery depletes are not representative of real-world usage , since they spend an unrealistic amount of time at the highest CPU performance state .
'It 's a misleading way to measure real-world battery life .
'Our testing and customer data show the actual battery life of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus , even taking into account variable component differences , vary within just 2-3 per cent of each other . '
Currently there is no way to tell which chip your iPhone uses .
TechCrunch has noted that the two to three percent difference in battery performance is within the manufacturing tolerances for any device .
Students may be breaking up for school this week but that does n't mean that their Christmas break will be study-free .
With January exams on the horizon , it seems there 's no end to the lengths students will go to achieve grades without actually spending their Christmas break revising .
From equations disguised as nail art to hints hidden under plasters , these cheating hacks shared by milkha prove students do n't miss a trick when it comes to cheating .
While they may seem like an easy way out , these methods are not recommended as they constitute as an immediate disqualification .
Students have been sharing their hacks for sneaking answers into an exam room , including writing answers on the thigh and even on their nails
No one would suspect a plaster but it is the perfect place to keep some hints during an exam
This crafty student has managed to turn vital maths equations into nail art for her exam
Labels are another classic way of disguising exam cheats with this student able to hide a myriad of facts on her pen 's sticker
This clever hack allows the student to conceal a mobile phone inside a calculator so that answers can be looked up online
By creating a fake arm with the sleeve of a jacket users are able to check their phones from under their desk
By cutting open the back of a juice carton , clueless students will be able to store their answers within the packaging
Water bottle labels are a more traditional way of hiding exam answers - but students should be wary to write their hints on the inside of the label
One determined student goes as far as to alter a pre-existing drinks label in order to take his notes in with him
One rebellious student determined to score highly wrote the answers to exam questions on the back of a calculator in pencil
Answers written on erasers can be easily flipped over if an invigilator happens to walk past
Rafael Nadal 's return to form had him jumping for joy but he had a little bit too much of a spring in his step .
Ahead of his fourth-round encounter at Wimbledon against Luxembourg 's Gilles Muller , Nadal began his pre-match ritual in the tunnel of jumping up and down in a corridor .
However , this time it ended up becoming a bumpy ride for the Spaniard as he smacked his head against the top of a door frame .
Mind your head , @ RafaelNadal ... # Wimbledon # ManicMondaypic.twitter.com/LBCIhwqyWz — Wimbledon ( @ Wimbledon ) July 10 , 2017
The thud did n't hurt the two-time Wimbledon champion though as he saw the side of his clumsiness .
As Muller turned around to see what had happened behind him , he saw a beaming Nadal who was laughing at what he had just done .
Nadal 's afternoon did not get any easier as he crashed out against Muller after the longest match of this year 's Wimbledon so far .
It was a monumental upset when Muller toppled 31-year-old Nadal , who is three years his junior and a fellow left-hander .
Muller won the first two sets 6-3 , 6-4 and looked set to cause a huge upset at the start of the third before Nadal dug in . The former Wimbledon champion won sets three and four 6-3 , 6-4 .
After digging himself out of difficult situations over and over during the course of a riveting encounter that lasted more than 4½ hours , Nadal suddenly faltered , getting broken in the last game and losing to 16th-seeded Gilles Muller of Luxembourg .
This is the hair-raising moment a stunning Russian model posed for a death-defying photoshoot on top of one of the world 's tallest skyscrapers .
Viki Odintcova , 23 , was held up only by the hand of a male assistant as she leaned out into thin air from the 1,004-foot tall Cayan Tower in Dubai in a bid to get the perfect Instagram shot .
The Russian model first tilted backwards over the huge drop , before dangling high above the ground from the arm of her bearded helper .
The Instagram queen , who has more than three million followers on social media , admitted that she was a bit nervous before the stunt .
'I still can not believe that I did it . Every time I watch this video , my palms get sweaty , ' said the St Petersburg-based beauty .
Ms Odintsova posted the video on her social media page where it quickly went viral .
The model is a big proponent of a healthy lifestyle and has said she takes her fitness very seriously .
Many of her fans were stunned she performed the stunt without any safety equipment . If she did use any secret safety equipment , it 's certainly well hidden from the naked eye .
Some pointed out that she would not have had a chance of surviving if anything had gone wrong .
One commented : 'How can you disregard your life like that ? If I was your parent I would smack both you and the guy with the beard ! '
Some users accused her of copying another beautiful young Russian , Angelina Nikolau , 23 , who has made headlines around the world with her dangerous selfies taken on top of skyscrapers .
The Cayan Tower was the world 's tallest building with a 90-degree twist when it opened in 2013 .
This record has since been beaten by the Shanghai Tower .
Women ’ s body confidence has become a “ critical issue ” around the world and pressure from the media is largely to blame for our low self-esteem , a new report warns .
The Dove Global Beauty and Confidence Report , given exclusively to The Huffington Post UK , has been created using interviews with 10,500 women and girls across 13 countries and is the largest the brand has ever commissioned .
It found that women in the UK have one of the lowest body confidence scores in the world , with only 20 % of us saying we like the way that we look .
Globally , more than two-thirds of women ( 69 % ) and girls ( 65 % ) say increasing pressures from advertising and media to reach an unrealistic standard of beauty is the key force in driving their appearance anxiety .
Meanwhile , 56 % of all women recognise the impact of an “ always on ” social media culture in driving the pressure for perfection and negative body image .
The report reveals that low body-esteem is causing the majority of women ( 85 % ) and girls ( 79 % ) to opt out of important life activities – such as trying out for a team or club , and engaging with family or loved ones – when they don ’ t feel good about the way they look .
Additionally , seven in 10 girls with low body-esteem say they won ’ t be assertive in their opinion or stick to their decision if they aren ’ t happy with the way they look , while nine out of 10 ( 87 % ) women will stop themselves from eating or will otherwise put their health at risk .
What ’ s more , nearly eight in 10 ( 78 % ) of both women and girls feel some pressure to never make mistakes or show weakness .
“ This latest research shows that low body confidence is a global issue , ” says Dr Nancy Etcoff of Harvard Medical School .
“ Though troubling , these results are also unsurprising , given the increasing pressures women and girls face today .
“ We need to help empower women and girls in many ways , including increasing body-confidence education , driving meaningful conversations around the pressures women and girls face , and advocating for change in how females and their appearance are talked about and portrayed in the media . ”
The report found that beauty and appearance anxiety is a global issue , but one that women are experiencing differently by culture and country .
While women in South Africa are the most body confident with 64 % saying they have “ high body-esteem ” , women in the UK come in 12th out of 13 countries , with only 20 % of us saying we feel good about the way we look .
Percentage Of Women Who Feel Body Confident
1 . South Africa : 64 %
2 . Russia : 45 %
3 . Turkey : 42 %
4 . India : 40 %
5 . China : 37 %
6 . Mexico : 36 %
7 . Germany : 34 %
8 . Brazil : 27 %
10 . Canada : 22 %
11 . Australia : 20 %
13 . Japan : 8 %
But it ’ s not all bad news for women and girls when it comes to body image .
The report reveals there is a pro-active desire among females to challenge existing beauty norms .
A total of 71 % of women and 67 % of girls want to call on the media to do a better job portraying women of diverse physical appearance , age , race , shape and size .
Additionally , while 60 % of women believe they need to meet certain beauty standards , at the same time , 77 % agree it is important to be their own person and not copy anyone else .
For many women and girls , the key to breaking a cycle of beauty and appearance anxiety seems to be the experience of taking time to care for their minds , body and appearance .
In fact , seven in 10 women and eight in 10 girls report feeling more confident or positive when they invest time in caring for themselves .
Science tells us that life is better if you 're beautiful .
You 're healthier , more persuasive , and people will just generally think you 're smart and trustworthy .
But turns out , you do n't have to hit the genetic lottery to become more attractive to the opposite sex .
Thanks to a slew of studies on sex and attraction , we found 12 grooming tips , attitude adjustments , and other fixes for both men and women that are proven to make you more appealing .
1 . Keep those teeth pearly white .
A study confirmed that a white and evenly spaced set of teeth make people seem more attractive .
The study , from researchers at the British universities of Leeds and Central Lancashire , found that teeth are `` the human equivalent of a peacock ’ s tail , '' according to The Daily Mail .
They are a sign of health and good genetics that help select a mate .
2 . Eat your fruits and vegetables for glowing skin .
Eating more fruits and vegetables is a natural way to make your skin look more attractive , a study from PLoS ONE showed .
Fruits and vegetables are loaded with antioxidants and plant-based pigments , which give skin a healthy hue .
Plus , the results are instant . Participants in the study had rosier cheeks and healthier looking skin with just an increase of one portion of fruit and vegetables a day .
Thanks to this new hands free suitcase , carrying around heavy luggage may soon become a thing of the past . Designed by Israeli company NUA Robotics , this ‘ smart ’ suitcase is the technological equivalent of Mary ’ s little lamb – it ’ ll follow you everywhere you go .
The carry-on suitcase , currently a prototype , connects to a smartphone app via bluetooth . It has a built-in camera sensor that can ‘ see ’ you and follow you around on flat surfaces like airport floors . It comes with an anti-theft alarm to prevent someone snatching it away when you ’ re not looking , and , for the icing on the cake , it has a backup battery that you can use to charge all your devices .
“ It can follow and carry things for people around while communicating with their smartphone , and avoiding obstacles , ” explained Alex Libman , founder of NUA Robotics . “ We ’ re combining sensor network , computer vision , and robotics . So if you download our app , press the ‘ follow me ’ button , the luggage recognizes the specific user and knows to follow and communicate . ”
NUA is still testing the device and trying improve features like speed and customization , but they hope to make the suitcase available to customers in a year ’ s time . If it proves successful , they want to use the Bluetooth pairing technology to automate lots of other devices , like shopping carts at the supermarket . These devices are especially meant to be useful to the physically disabled and elderly . “ Any object can be smart and robotic , ” Libman told Mashable . “ We want to bring robots into everyday life . ”
The Israeli tech company made it clear that the smart suitcase they recently unveiled is just a prototype , and that the finished product will look just like a regular suitcase . They ’ re planning to partner with a carry-on luggage maker , since the device that makes it ‘ smart ’ weighs just 2.5 pounds and can be fitted on old-fashion luggage .
Having to carry around heavy luggage is literally a burden , so NUA could be on to something with their smart suitcase , but it will be interesting how their invention will handle tough obstacles like stairs .
The world 's first `` sky pool '' has been unveiled - and it 's high enough to give anyone a touch of vertigo .
Towering far above the street balanced between two residential buildings in Nine Elms in London like a precarious nest , the sky pool is n't for everyone .
But the newly-built swimming experience looks like it has to be tried if you 're not bothered by heights .
Situated in the capital 's new riverside district beside Battersea Power Station , the 90ft long glass encased pool is suspended 10 storeys , or 110ft up .
The pool is entirely transparent and structure free , 25m long , 5m wide and 3m deep with a water depth of 1.2m .
Acting as a bridge between two apartment buildings , swimmers are afforded a view right through the bottom of the pool down to the street below , and it 's even got a bar , loungers , a spa and an orangery .
It 's in Embassy Gardens , and is a part of a new development which will have 2,000 homes beside the new American Embassy in the capital .
Embassy Gardens takes design inspiration from the Meatpacking District of New York with floor to ceiling windows and brick facades .
Developers Ballymore and Eco World , headed by Sean Mulryan , used glass that measures 20cm thick to build the pool in the £1 billion development to give an experience more akin to an aquarium than a pool .
He explained : “ My vision for the Sky Pool stemmed from a desire to push the boundaries in the capability of construction and engineering , I wanted to do something that had never been done before .
`` At Ballymore we like to push the boundaries on all aspects of design , the Sky Pool ’ s transparent structure is the result of significant advancements in technologies over the last decade .
`` The experience of the pool will be truly unique , it will feel like floating through the air in central London . ''
Sadly , the pool will only be open to residents of the building who front up £602,000 for an apartment .
But those people lucky enough to live there will have a flawless panorama of the Palace of Westminster and the London Eye when the second phase of the development is released to market in September .
Dear Basketball ,
Captain 's call - a phrase `` plucked '' from the cricket pitch and politicised by former Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott - has become the Macquarie Dictionary 's Word of the Year for 2015 .
Mr Abbott 's controversial choice to award Prince Philip a knighthood was one of his many `` captain 's calls '' .
The noun is defined as `` a decision made by a political or business leader without consultation with colleagues '' .
The dictionary said the word `` perfectly encapsulates '' Australia in 2015 .
`` There has been an interesting change in usage ; an infrequent item of the jargon of cricket makes the leap into politics and is now being used generally with an ironic tinge to it that is very Australian , '' the Macquarie Dictionary said in a statement .
Coming in second was the word `` lumbersexual '' - a portmanteau of lumberjack and metrosexual - referring to urban men who adopt the style of an outdoorsman as a fashion statement .
Other contenders for Australia 's best word in 2015
1. deso : Colloquially refers to a designated driver , who refrains from drinking alcohol in order to drive others safely home . Also , deso driver .
2. open kimono : A business policy of sharing information freely with an outside party .
3. keyboard warrior : a person who adopts an excessively aggressive style in online discussions which they would not normally adopt in person-to-person communication , often in support of a cause , theory , world view , etc .
4. ghost plate : a clear plastic numberplate cover which becomes opaque when viewed from certain angles , thereby obscuring the registration number ; designed to circumvent identification by speed cameras .
5. athleisure : clothing , shoes , etc. , designed for both exercise and general casual wear .
6. tri-tip : a cut of beef , taken from the bottom of the sirloin .
7. digital disruption : Commerce the impact of digital technology in making various established industries and products obsolete .
8. abandoned porn : a genre of photography which romanticises abandoned buildings and urban areas in a state of decay . Also , ruin porn .
9. wombat gate : a swing gate installed in a ditch going underneath a fence , so that wombats , who follow very predictable patterns at night , can come and go without destroying the fence .
Boris Johnson 's allies warned there is a 'deep pit in Hell ' waiting for Michael Gove tonight after the Justice Secretary stabbed his fellow Brexit champion in the back saying he was not up to being Prime Minister .
Mr Gove delivered a brutal verdict on Mr Johnson 's capabilities and questioned whether his 'heart and soul ' were in taking us out of the EU , effectively ending his hopes of succeeding David Cameron , as he announced his own bid for Downing Street .
Damning his friend with faint praise , Mr Gove said he had 'enjoyed working with him ' during the referendum campaign . But he said : 'I realised in the last few days that Boris is n't capable of building that team and providing that unity .
'And so I came reluctantly but firmly to the conclusion that as someone who had argued from the beginning that we should leave the European Union and as someone who wanted ensure that a bold , positive vision for our future was implemented , that I had to stand for leadership of the Conservative party . '
He added : 'I thought it was right that following the decision that the people took last week that we should have someone leading the Conservative party and leading the country who believed in their heart and soul that Britain was better off outside the European Union . '
As the blows rained down on Mr Johnson this morning , key backers Nick Boles and Dominic Raab defected to Mr Gove 's campaign and arch-rival Theresa May won support from Leader of the House Chris Grayling - another Brexit champion .
Within hours Mr Johnson , who had been the hot favourite , was using an event that had been intended as his campaign launch to rule himself out .
Tory MP Jake Berry posted on Twitter : 'There is a very deep pit reserved in Hell for such as he . # Gove '
The Conservatives ' ruling 1922 committee has confirmed that the candidates are Mrs May , Mr Gove , Treasury minister Andrea Leadsom , Work and Pensions Secretary Stephen Crabb and ex-defence secretary Liam Fox .
Mr Johnson saved his shock withdrawal for the end of a lengthy valedictory speech in which he stressed his achievements in City Hall and urged the UK to look towards a brighter future outside of the EU .
Mr Gove had been expected to play a key role in Mr Johnson 's campaign after the pair worked hand in glove to deliver victory for Brexit in the historic referendum . He has repeatedly ruled out making a bid for Downing Street in the past - including memorably offering to record his denial in blood on a parchment .
Psy 's Gangnam Style is no longer the most-watched video on YouTube .
The South Korean megahit had been the site 's most-played clip for the last five years .
The surreal video became so popular that it `` broke '' YouTube 's play counter , exceeding the maximum possible number of views ( 2,147,483,647 ) , and forcing the company to rewrite its code .
But the song has now been overtaken by another music video - Wiz Khalifa and Charlie Puth 's See You Again .
The heart-wrenching ballad has now been streamed 2,895,373,709 times ; beating Psy 's current count of 2,894,426,475 views .
Adding it up , that means See You Again has been streamed for a total of 21,759 years . If one person was to listen to each of those streams consecutively , they 'd have to have started during the glacial peak of the last Ice Age .
`` I joined YouTube in 2007 hoping to make a video that would reach 10,000 views , '' wrote Charlie Puth on Twitter . `` Just heard about See You Again ... Wow . ''
The song was written for the action movie Furious 7 , playing over the closing credits in tribute to the actor Paul Walker , who died in a car accident before the film was completed .
With its unabashedly sentimental lyrics ( `` it 's been a long day without you my friend/ And I 'll tell you all about it when I see you again '' ) , See You Again has become one of the most frequently requested pop songs at funerals in the UK .
It was the best-selling song worldwide in 2015 , and received best song nominations at both the Grammys and the Oscars .
The music video features the final scene of Furious 7 , in which the two main characters Dominic Toretto ( Vin Diesel ) and Brian O'Conner ( Cody Walker , filling in for his brother , Paul ) , drive side-by-side , sharing a smile for the last time before they pull onto separate roads and drive into the sunset .
As the camera pans up into the sky , a title card reads `` For Paul '' and the video ends .
The video reached 1 billion views in six months , and hit 2 billion last September . However , its reign as YouTube 's most-watched clip may be short-lived .
Luis Fonsi 's summer smash Despacito has racked up 2.5 billion views in just six months , and it shows no signs of slowing down .
The Puerto Rican song - sung in a mixture of Spanish and English - has been number one in the UK for the last eight weeks , thanks in part to a remix featuring Justin Bieber .
Whoever takes the title , though , its good news for Universal Music , which owns all of the songs .
Meanwhile , 47 of the top 50 clips on YouTube are music videos , proving the importance of the streaming site to the music industry - despite the fact the two sides are locked in a battle over royalty payments .
According to analysis by Midia Research , every stream on YouTube generates $ 0.001 for the music industry .
If accurate , that means Wiz Khalifa and Charlie Puth 's song has earned $ 2.9m from YouTube - roughly the same amount it has made from 665 million plays on Spotify .
A new project hopes to use pedal power to help free China of smog .
The Smog Free Bicycle will absorb carbon and other particles from the atmosphere in major cities like Beijing .
The plans are part of a wider project that includes towers which use the technology , with the pollutants they collect then turned into jewellery .
Dutch artist and designer Daan Roosegaarde who kick-started the scheme has signed a deal with Chinese bike-sharing startup OFO to make the Smog Free Bicycle a reality .
The innovative bike will feature a front facing module that inhales polluted air , cleans it , and then releases clean air around the cyclist .
It is hoped it will provide a healthy and energy friendly option for city dwellers , which will help to combat both traffic congestion and pollution .
The partnership was announced at the World Economic Forum , held in Dalian in China .
The bikes are currently in the first stage of development , but further details will be released about its design and implementation in the autumn .
During the summit Mr Roosegaarde emphasised his vision for Schoonheid , a Dutch word meaning beauty and cleanliness .
'True beauty is clean air and it should not be taken for granted ' , he said .
'Beijing used to be an iconic bicycle city .
'Together with Chinese and Dutch expertise we will bring back the bicycle as a cultural icon of China and as the next step towards smog free cities . '
Mr Roosegaarde also announced the next stages of development for his Smog Free Tower at the summit .
The towers provide parks with cleaner air than the rest of the city , acting like giant outdoor vacuum cleaners .
The Project began life in 2007 and opened last Autumn in Beijing , drawing thousands of visitors .
The smog which is harvested by the machine is compressed into cubes that are used to make quirky jewellery .
Each cube is made from smog collected from 35,315 cubic feet ( 1,000 cubic metres ) of poor quality air .
The effect of the Smog Free Tower has been validated by the results compiled by the Eindhoven University of Technology .
Studio Roosegaarde is now planning to open a Smog Free Tower in India later this year .
Versions are also expected in Columbia and Mexico in the near future .
The technology could become integrated into numerous elements of the urban environment , from buildings to public transport .
Denmark 's Prince Consort Henrik , the French-born husband of Queen Margrethe II , does not want to be buried with his wife when the time comes , breaking with tradition , the royal palace said Thursday .
Long vocal about his frustration over being relegated to a supporting role , the 83-year-old prince said he was not on equal footing with his wife in life and therefore did not want to be so in death
That decision has been accepted by the queen , the palace 's communications chief Lene Balleby told Danish daily BT .
A second palace spokesman confirmed the accuracy of the newspaper report to AFP but provided no other details .
Disappointed that his royal title of prince consort was never changed to king when his wife became queen in 1972 , Henrik has often spoken out about his discontent , which did little to endear him to his subjects .
The couple will break with royal tradition by not being buried together in the Roskilde Cathedral .
The prince consort nonetheless intends to be buried in Denmark .
He `` loves Denmark and worked for Denmark for more than 50 years . The prince therefore wants to be buried in Denmark , but the details have not been settled yet , '' Balleby said .
Born Henri Marie Jean Andre Count de Laborde de Monpezat on June 11 , 1934 in Talence , near Bordeaux , he met Margrethe , then the crown-princess , while he was stationed in London as a diplomat .
Upon marrying her , he changed his name to Henrik , converted from Catholicism to Protestantism and renounced his French citizenship to become a Dane .
By the time Margrethe acceded to the throne , the couple had two young children : Prince Frederik , born in 1968 , and Joakim , born in 1969 .
Henrik retired from public service in January 2016 .
A young newlywed with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder has revealed she once washed her hair 72 times a day and cleaned her hands daily up to 200 times .
Obsessive Compulsive Disorder is a mental health condition where sufferers experience frequent intrusive and unwelcome obsessional thoughts .
It 's estimated that one in 55 young adults in Britain have OCD .
Serin Rayner-Davis , 23 , from Somerset , appeared on ITV 's This Morning Tuesday to talk about her daily struggle living with the anxiety disorder .
Serin recalled on This Morning : 'When I was about seven it used to take us ages to leave the house because I would jump in and out of the doorway and I was so worried that my parents would die if I didn ’ t go in and out of this doorway .
'I felt I was responsible for keeping them alive . It was a huge responsibility for a seven year old to bear on their shoulders .
Serin was diagnosed at 18 with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder .
At 21 things became so bad she was washing her hands up to 200 times a day , showering nine times a day , laundering her clothes 15 times a day .
Serin also has a lengthy night time routine involving checking the security of windows and plugs .
Serin 's father Denys Rayner said his daughter 's condition made his life a 'living hell ' .
Serin 's parents had to hide knives and scissors in the household because they were so worried for her safety .
Serin said during her TV interview that she relied on her father to help her because she felt he understood her OCD more .
'I think certain people understand OCD better than other and it just really clicked [ with you dad ] . Where as I think mum found it difficult to understand .
Serin has now sought help to manage her obsessions , including hypnotherapy and exposure therapy
Now she believes 'anything is possible ' and finds writing music therapeutic .
And she also credits her husband Ioan 's caring attitude towards helping her .
She told the ITV presenters : 'Ioan is very good in a sense that he doesn ’ t enable my OCD .
'He is very respectful he always asks if he can sit there or do that .
With the support of her husband , she has revealed she is hoping to move into a new home with him and take control of her life .
Harry Potter star Daniel Radcliffe and Lord of the Ring 's Elijah Wood have been battling public confusion over their identities for years — but fans struck by their striking similarities are n't quieting down any time soon .
In fact , a GIF that 's gone viral on social media has only reignited the fascination over their lookalike status , leaving millions of people freaking out .
Viewed over eight million times on Imgur and even more on Twitter , the moving image shows 26-year-old Daniel slowly morphing into Elijah , 35 , before turning back into Daniel — with very little change to his face .
The GIF has sparked more than a bit of confusion , as people have voiced that they are n't quite sure who they are looking at at each moment .
'After watching it switch back and forth about 3 times ... . I 'm no longer sure I even know which one is which , ' wrote one , as another fan chimed in : 'Does this mean Frodo Baggins and Harry Potter are the same person ? '
'This is slightly unsettling , ' wrote another , while a third added : 'Plot twist : they 're the same actor and he has a great make-up artist . '
Of course , this is hardly the first time that the two actors have drawn comparisons , and both have spoken out about being each other 's doppelgänger .
'It 's because the idea of us is the same , ' Daniel explained on Marc Maron 's WTF podcast in November . 'We 're both kind of short guys with big blue eyes and brown hair . And we did fantasy movies that came out at the same time . '
Previously , he revealed that a 'fan ' presented him with a photo of Elijah to sign , which he did with the message : 'I am not Elijah Wood . '
'If you just come up and say , `` Are you Elijah Wood ? '' I will say no , and I wo n't tell you who I am , ' he added .
When asked about this story , Elijah admitted that the false recognition goes both ways .
'I get recognized as Daniel a lot , ' he told Seth Meyers . 'I was in an elevator and , you know that thing when you get in an elevator and it 's just you and another person ?
'But then I could feel his eyes boring into my skull and I thought , oh he may have recognized me , ok that 's cool , so I 'm waiting for him to get the courage [ to say something ] , I 'm not gon na pre-empt him .
'Elevator stops at the lobby , doors open , [ he ] finally gets out the courage , blurts out , `` Daniel Radcliffe '' , ' he says , pointing , 'And I said , `` No ! '' '
Daniel , though , may have found a way of having some fun with their similar faces : 'I 'm thinking of trying to write some sort of mistaken identity thing where one of us kills the other . '
The world 's tallest church tower is being destroyed by drunken revellers whose urine is eroding the Gothic building .
The skyline of the German city of Ulm , which sits on the River Danube in Baden-Württemberg , is dominated by the impressive 162-meter-tall steeple of Ulm Minster .
As well as drawing in the tourists who wish to take in the spectacular views of the Alps from the top , the tower has long attracted late-night revellers who relieve themselves at its base .
Officials have said that as a consequence , the 200-year-old building is being eroded by the salt and acids in the urine , Südwest Presse reports .
The problem of 'wildpinkler , ' as it is known in Germany , has become so grave that earlier this year the city doubled fines to 100 euros for anyone caught urinating in public .
'I 've been keeping an eye on it for half a year now and , once again , it 's coated with urine and vomit , ' Michael Hilbert , the building 's head of maintenance , told the newspaper . 'This is about preserving law and order . '
Hilbert said that with the festival season approaching and a wine festival and Christmas market due to take place in the Münsterplatz town square , organizers must provide public toilets .
However , a city spokeswoman said that 'as long as there are people , ' it will be difficult to curb the problem .
She told the paper that 'the city does very well ' in its efforts to stop the practice , with increased police patrols and joint work with event organizers to tackle the issue .
However , she admitted that the imposition of higher fines had not put a stop to the practice .
School teachers in China have apparently come up with an ingenious way to stop their students from cheating in exams .
Pupils from a middle school in east China 's Anhui Province were told to wear newspapers around their heads so that they could n't look around , reported People 's Daily Online .
According to the report , the picture was taken and uploaded to the Internet by a teacher supervising the exam .
The newspapers had been cut open in the middle so the pupils could put them on their heads .
The picture has sparked a debate among Chinese social media users .
Some praised the teachers ' creativity , such as 'xian mu zi xi ' who said on Weibo 'it really works ' .
However , many others suggested that it would harm students ' dignity .
'Zhao Jiaxuan ' wrote under the same post on Weibo : 'It 's no longer a matter of preventing cheating in exams , it 's serious distrust of students . It could bring great psychological damage to students . '
'Time machine -2009 ' agreed : 'If the teacher supervised the exam carefully standing in the front of the classroom , it would be easy to catch cheaters . There is no need to do this at all . '
'Chun feng yi da ' said : 'I feel sad about the Chinese education . '
On the other hand , some people pointed out that the newspapers would actually make it easier for the students to cheat .
Weibo user 'Xi Ruogu ' said : 'It would be easier to copy from notes as ( the teacher 's view ) was blocked . '
'Yan Guiling ' joked : 'What if the answers were on the newspaper ? '
A follow-up report on People 's Daily Online suggested that the picture had been taken at the Chuzhou Experimental School in Chuzhou , Anhui Province .
A spokesman from the school explained to the reporter that it was not an exam but 'a game ' between the teachers and the students .
The school said by using the method the teachers hoped to help the students de-stress before the upcoming final exam .
According to the school , all of the students were willing to participate in the game .
Pupils in China often endure intense pressure before exams as they are expected by their families to stay at the top of the class at all times .
Chinese authorities have in the past released pictures of the James Bond-style cheating technology used by students during the competitive exams .
These included sophisticated vests that link up to a button-hole camera hidden in a pen or watch , used to beam out images of the exam paper to someone outside the hall with a receiver .
The person outside then looks up the answer to the question , and relays it back to a mobile phone hidden on the pupil in the exam hall .
The speech is picked up via the mobile , and then sent on to a hidden earpiece .
In recent years , officials have launched a crackdown on those helping students cheat during the 'gaokao ' , the annual university entrance examination .
In the past criminal groups have been found to be selling stolen exam papers and launching cyber attacks on exam board websites .
Last year , educational authorities of central China 's Luoyang city used drones to stop students cheating in the high-pressure 'gaokao ' .
Looks are n't everything . At least , that 's what one Japanese dating service is trying to prove - by requiring participants in speed dating sessions to wear white surgical masks .
`` In order to achieve marriage , it is important to provide chances to know a partner 's personality and values in the early stages , '' said Kei Matsumura , head of Tokyo dating service Def Anniversary .
`` We chose surgical masks as an essential tool for that . ''
White surgical masks covering most of the face are common sights in Japan , where people don them to avoid catching diseases , keep out pollen and , sometimes , just to keep their faces warm . Some women also opt for a mask on days when they have n't worn makeup .
`` Since I was n't judged by my appearance , I think I was able to be more outgoing with women , '' said 28-year-old Yasumasu Kishi at a weekend speed dating event for 19 men and 18 women .
Dating services are booming in Japan as young people shy from tying the knot . The marriage rate has plunged by 50 percent over the last 40 years , from 10.1 per thousand in 1975 to 5.1 per thousand in 2014 , according to a Health Ministry survey .
Young people brought up in the digital era find face-to-face encounters daunting in ultra-polite Japan , while long work hours add still another hurdle . These make konkatsu - active `` marriage seeking activity '' - often the only option .
`` I think I was able to find out more about their inner selves and not just judge them by their looks , '' said Chiharu Tsukahara , a 28-year-old office worker .
`` In this event , personality matters . I quite liked that , '' she added as she prepared to leave with Kishi and two friends for another date . This time , masks were optional .
At five years old , she is unlikely to have her own career anytime soon .
But that has not stopped Harper Beckham becoming a trademark .
According to intellectual property office records , Victoria Beckham has registered her daughter 's name for use in a range of branded products , including make-up , toys and clothing .
The Harper Beckham trademark has also been registered for use in the entertainment industry should Harper wish to replicate her mother 's career as a pop star .
Mrs Beckham has also signed up the names of sons Brooklyn , Romeo and Cruz to the UK 's Intellectual Property Office and the EU-wide office .
It means the children are now officially part of Brand Beckham - David Beckham registered his name in 2000 while Victoria trademarked her name in 2002 . Last night , an intellectual property expert said it was unprecedented to trademark a five-year-old 's .
Oliver Bray , a partner at international law firm RPC , said the move was usually reserved for those who were already celebrities .
'It normally happens when your career is getting going and a lawyer says , `` Let 's get some protection in place '' , ' he said . 'As opposed to the future-proofing which is what Victoria Beckham has done with her children .
'In order to give you more levers to control your image , a trademark is an obvious place to go and it might be that society is driving the Beckhams to use these levers to protect their children in this more manipulative world in which we live .
'But from another point of view , you could call it savvy and looking to the future . '
Mrs Beckham has registered her children for trademarks covering six classes of products and a class for ‘ entertainment services ’ should they wish to go into showbusiness .
The trademarks cover brands of cosmetics such as perfume , lip gloss and even anti-wrinkle creams , as well as books , umbrellas , music , clothing and children 's dolls .
In 2000 , the former England captain registered 'David Beckham ' as a trademark , while 'Victoria Beckham ' was trademarked in 2002 as the former Spice Girl embarked on a solo music career .
In recent years , the couple , worth around £500 million , have allowed their children to capitalise on the Beckham brand .
Brooklyn , their eldest child , is managed by his father 's agent Simon Oliveira and has done a number of lucrative modelling shoots .
In 2014 , his younger brother Romeo fronted Burberry 's Christmas campaign having first started modelling for the luxury fashion house at the age of 10 .
Last year , the youngest brother Cruz launched his pop career with the release of a charity Christmas single .
Brand expert Nigel Currie said the decision to trademark the children 's names was a wise move .
He said : 'Obviously the Beckham name is worth something and they do n't want someone trading off it and using it to create their own brand . '
One of the world 's most spirited lands , Brazil has made its mark on soccer fields and Carnival extravaganzas , but what it really leads the planet in are exuberance and passion for living .
As the world descends on Rio de Janeiro for the XXXI Olympiad , Brazilians are ready to help the world take a load off and experience something missing for a while : fun .
Here are 10 things Brazil does better than anywhere else :
Research shows that playfulness creates a kind of charisma that others want in on .
It 's a key part of the Brazilian personality : a willingness to laugh at themselves , their predicaments and political absurdities and to welcome others in on the joke .
A few years back , Brazilians voted a clown into Congress . What was unusual was that he was a real clown by profession . Francisco Everardo Oliveira Silva , known by his stage name of `` Grumpy '' in Portuguese , won on a slogan , `` It ca n't get any worse . ''
It did . Despite their problems , Brazilians can put them aside and live in the moment , something the rest of the world could learn from .
If you 're a snorer , pregnant or just want to show your body some love , try sleeping on your left tonight .
There 's bad news for those of us who do it on our backs , on our tummies , on our right-hand side , spooning - or even hanging upside down . We are , of course , talking about sleeping .
The position we sleep in may not be the sort of thing worth paying much attention to , but it can have a huge impact on our health .
Sleep in general , and 'getting it right ' is a source fascination , prompting studies and research into its effects .
We want to know how best to fall asleep during a heatwave . We want to know why we wake up when we do . And of course we want to know how best to get our children to sleep .
And we should be sleeping on our left
As the Daily Record reports , sleeping on your left side is the least harmful position for your spine .
If you lie on your back , there is a danger you 'll end up putting too much pressure on your hips and upper back .
If you prefer to sleep on your front , then this can lead to neck and lower back strain .
Whereas sleeping on your left-hand side can do you the world of good . The body is able to take the pressure off lymph drainage from the heart and spleen , which is crucial for encouraging the natural flow of lymph fluid and preventing lymphatic congestion .
As positions go , it 's also better for your breathing - especially if you find yourself congested of a nighttime .
Partner who snores ?
By encouraging them to lie on their left , the volume and frequency of their snoring will be reduced .
That 's because lying on your side gives optimum air flow to your lungs and prevents the base of your tongue from lolling into the back of your throat , obstructing breathing .
If you suffer from heartburn , sleeping on your left can reduce the uncomfortable symptoms and reduce acid reflux .
Pregnant ?
Women expecting a baby are advised to adopt this position when falling asleep to encourage healthy blood flow .
And on a more toilet-related topic , adopting the left-hand side will allow your body to process waste quicker , which in turn helps guard you against constipation .
Because of the route the intestines take , lying on the left means food is able to travel easier towards your colon .
So , remember . When it comes to sleep , go left .
Photos of White House adviser Kellyanne Conway kneeling on an Oval Office couch with her shoes on have sparked an online debate about decorum in the executive mansion .
Conway is seen perched on her knees on the couch with her feet behind her in photos taken Monday while President Trump met with leaders of historically black colleges and universities .
Some Twitter users were quick to highlight the photo as evidence of a lack of respect for the office from Conway and the Trump administration .
— Rex Huppke ( @ RexHuppke ) February 28 , 2017
— George Takei ( @ GeorgeTakei ) February 28 , 2017
“ I will only be able to get mad at the way Kellyanne Conway sits on a couch if it turns out she 's hiding ... Trump 's tax returns under her , ” “ Last Week Tonight ” writer Josh Gondelman tweeted .
But others pushed back , noting that an additional photo shows she was simply trying to position herself to snap a picture of the visitors with the president .
“ This is the dumbest outrage ever , ” one Twitter user commented . Another called the fuss over the photo “ exactly the reason people don ’ t take the media seriously . ”
— Ben Dreyfuss ( @ bendreyfuss ) February 28 , 2017
“ I was asked to take a certain angle [ photo ] and was doing exactly that . I certainly meant no disrespect , I didn ’ t mean to have my feet on the couch , ” Conway said in an interview .
A couple of weeks earlier , Conway was bashed on social media for using the phrase `` alternative facts '' during an interview with NBC 's Meet the Press on January 22 . She uttered the two words while trying to defend press secretary Sean Spicer 's false claim that POTUS , 70 , had the biggest inauguration crowd in history .
Recently , Conway , 50 , urged the public to `` go buy '' first daughter Ivanka Trump 's fashion line during a February 9 appearance on Fox & amp ; Friends , raising a debate about ethics violations .
`` I bet it ’ s brand-new information to people that President Obama had a six-month ban on the Iraqi refugee program after two Iraqis came here to this country , were radicalized and they were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre , '' `` Most people don ’ t know that because it didn ’ t get covered . ''
Some online have posted numerous photos of former President Obama resting his feet on the office ’ s famed Resolute desk at various times during his eight years in office .
As Snopes points out , Obama was far from the only leader to be photographed with his legs propped up , with similar images of Presidents George W. Bush and Gerald Ford likewise existing — and being “ unremarked-upon . ”
This flap comes just two weeks after a photo of Ivanka Trump sitting in her father ’ s Oval Office chair raised some eyebrows on Twitter .
Your choice of running shoe is a very personal decision . You 've got to balance how well they protect your feet and legs with how they fit , how heavy they are and , yes , even how they look . I 've run in almost nothing but Asics for many years , and I bet you have a personal favorite that you buy again and again .
But if you want the closest thing to an objective look at quality and cost , a Danish Web site called runrepeat.com has crunched the numbers from nearly 135,000 consumer reviews it gathered over a year , along with the suggested retail price of most of the popular brands .
The biggest surprise : The higher the price , the lower the rating in many cases . In fact , the 10 most expensive running shoes , with an average list price of $ 181 per pair , were rated 8.1 percent lower than the 10 cheapest models ( average price $ 61 ) .
`` If money is a matter to you , you will not get more in expensive running shoes , '' says the Web site 's founder , Jens Jakob Andersen . `` Affordable mid-range running shoes are very nearly the same as expensive running shoes . ''
That does n't mean that you should buy $ 15 running shoes at a department store . Those will almost surely cause you injuries . But Andersen believes that running shoe makers have poured so much money into marketing in their battle for a slice of a multibillion-dollar market that we do n't know what 's real any longer . According to Running USA , 46.25 million pairs of running shoes were sold in 2013 , at a cost of $ 3.09 billion .
Most of the shoes reviewed did reasonably well . `` Runners are pretty satisfied with the shoes they buy in general , '' Andersen says . But that also highlights the fairly large satisfaction gap between high- and low-priced shoes .
`` When you spend more , you expect more , '' Andersen says in trying to explain why expensive shoes may have disappointed some purchasers . `` ... But you should not expect to be less satisfied spending more money . ''
Runrepeat bills itself as the Yelp of running shoes . Andersen says he takes no money from any company , funding the site himself . There are no ads .
So which brands come out on top ? Skechers , Saucony and Vibram FiveFingers took the three spots on the podium , while Reebok , Adidas and Hoka One One brought up the rear .
`` What Skechers are doing great is that they do n't do the really high premium running shoes , '' Andersen says . `` They are the running shoe brand for moms . ''
A cab company in one of Japan ’ s major cities is trialling a new feature by introducing silent taxi drivers .
Miyako Taxi , which is based in Kyoto , unveiled the new idea last month without much fanfare .
The business is currently operating five “ Silence Taxis ” across the city as part of a trial .
The cars look like any ordinary taxi but a notice written on the back of the passenger seat will inform passengers that they have entered one of the new silent fleet .
Drivers will offer a greeting when their fare enters the car , and aside from confirming the route they will not engage in small talk .
The drivers can indulge in conversation , but only if they are spoken to first , and they are also allowed to communicate in emergency situations .
Announcing the idea , Miyako Taxi said : “ This service is currently in a trial stage , with the goal of creating an in-car atmosphere that provides the most comfortable ride for passengers through limiting the driver ’ s speaking . ”
Other than the latest initiative , the company has no official policy either way covering chatting in taxis .
According to Japan Today , they made the move after hearing reports from passengers that they were fed up being forced to indulge in chit-chat with their drivers .
And while some fares enjoyed being regaled with tales of Kyoto ’ s sights and attractions , it was seen as less appealing for residents of the sprawling city .
The company will assess the popularity of the trial before deciding whether to expand it and roll it out across more of their drivers in their 354 taxis .
Actor Tom Hiddleston has been crowned male ‘ Rear of the Year ’ after he revealed his posterior to viewers of BBC spy drama The Night Manager in a racy sex scene .
At the time the sight of his bare buttocks in a tryst between his character Jonathan Pine and Jed Marshall , played by Elizabeth Debicki , prompted a storm on social media . |
Some fans claimed to have lost track of the complex plot so distracted were they by his naked body .
Hiddleston , 35 , beat off competition from the likes of Luther star Idris Elba , tennis ace Andy Murray and Fifty Shades of Grey actor Jamie Dornan .
In fifth place was The Chase presenter and former Coronation Street star Bradley Walsh , who at 56 is 21 years older than Hiddleston .
Hollyoaks actress Jennifer Metcalfe was named the female winner .
The winners were chosen from more than 10,000 votes cast by members of the public via the contest 's official website between July 2015 and June 2016 .
Hiddleston , tipped by some as a contender to be the next James Bond , has made headlines in recent weeks for his relationship with American popstar Taylor Swift .
He has been nominated for an Emmy for his role in the BBC adaptation of the John Le Carre novel , in which he starred alongside Hugh Laurie as an ex-soldier turned hotel night manager .
An Ivy League professor aboard an American Airlines flight was questioned after a passenger mistook a math equation for Arabic and possible Islamic code for a terrorist attack .
Guido Menzio , an economics professor at the University of Pennsylvania , was working on a differential math equation as the Syracuse-bound plane was preparing to take off from Philadelphia .
The 41-minute flight was delayed by two hours as the olive-skinned , curly , dark-haired native Italian was questioned .
A blond-haired woman wearing flip-flops and appearing to be in her 30s had passed a note to a flight attendant . American Airlines flight 3950 returned to the gate at Philadelphia International Airport and was met by what he described as an `` FBI-looking man in black . ''
He learned the woman thought he was a terrorist .
After realizing he was only doing math , the flight took off minus the complaining passenger . The woman boarded a later flight for Syracuse . Menzio boarded the original flight again .
Menzio has been a member of Penn 's faculty since 2005 after getting his Ph.D from Northwestern University . Last year , he was awarded the prestigious Carlo Alberto Medal as the best Italian economist under 40 .
Menzio was headed to Syracuse to Ontario to speak at Queen 's University at a macroeconomics workshop .
In a deleted Facebook post , Menzio wrote : `` The lady just looked at me , looked at my writing of mysterious formulae , and concluded I was up to no good . Because of that an entire flight was delayed . . . . Trump 's America is already here . It 's not yet in power though . ''
American Airlines confirmed the woman had raised suspicions about Menzio .
A spokesman for American Airlines , said the woman initially told the crew she was sick .
`` We strongly urge the DPRK to honor its commitment to denuclearization , and to cease any action that may deteriorate the situation , '' Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said .
President Park Geun-hye vowed a tough response to DPRK 's bomb test . She said the government `` must get the DPRK to face corresponding measures based on close cooperation with the international community '' .
The White House said it ca n't confirm the nuclear test , but said it would condemn such a test as a violation of UN Security Council resolutions .
Foreign Ministry said it has n't been confirmed that the DPRK has carried out an actual nuclear test . The ministry called on `` all interested sides to preserve maximum restraint and to not take actions that could rouse the uncontrolled growth of tensions in Northeast Asia '' .
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the DPRK announcement of a hydrogen bomb test is a threat to his nation 's safety . `` We absolutely can not allow this , and condemn it strongly . ''
The EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said the DPRK 's nuclear test , if confirmed , would represent `` a grave violation of the DPRK 's international obligations not to produce or test nuclear weapons '' .
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said that if a nuclear bomb has been detonated , it would be a grave breach of UN Security Council resolutions .
President Francois Hollande said `` France condemns this unacceptable violation of Security Council resolutions and called for a strong reaction from the international community '' .
Pyongyang , January 6 ( KCNA ) -- The DPRK government issued the following statement Wednesday :
There took place a world startling event to be specially recorded in the national history spanning 5,000 years in the exciting period when all service personnel and people of the DPRK are making a giant stride , performing eye-catching miracles and exploits day by day after turning out as one in the all-out charge to bring earlier the final victory of the revolutionary cause of Juche , true to the militant appeal of the Workers ' Party of Korea ( WPK ) .
The first H-bomb test was successfully conducted in the DPRK at 10:00 on Wednesday , Juche 105 ( 2016 ) , pursuant to the strategic determination of the WPK .
Through the test conducted with indigenous wisdom , technology and efforts the DPRK fully proved that the technological specifications of the newly developed H-bomb for the purpose of test were accurate and scientifically verified the power of smaller H-bomb .
It was confirmed that the H-bomb test conducted in a safe and perfect manner had no adverse impact on the ecological environment .
The test means a higher stage of the DPRK 's development of nuclear force .
By succeeding in the H-bomb test in the most perfect manner to be specially recorded in history the DPRK proudly joined the advanced ranks of nuclear weapons states possessed of even H-bomb and the Korean people came to demonstrate the spirit of the dignified nation equipped with the most powerful nuclear deterrent .
This test is a measure for self-defence the DPRK has taken to firmly protect the sovereignty of the country and the vital right of the nation from the ever-growing nuclear threat and blackmail by the US-led hostile forces and to reliably safeguard the peace on the Korean Peninsula and regional security .
Since the appearance of the word hostility in the world there has been no precedent of such deep-rooted , harsh and persistent policy as the hostile policy the US has pursued towards the DPRK .
The US is a gang of cruel robbers which has worked hard to bring even a nuclear disaster to the DPRK , not content with having imposed the thrice-cursed and unheard-of political isolation , economic blockade and military pressure on it for the mere reason that it has differing ideology and social system and refuses to yield to the former 's ambition for aggression .
The Korean Peninsula and its vicinity are turning into the world 's biggest hotspot where a nuclear war may break out since they have been constantly stormed with all nuclear strike means of the US imperialist aggressor troops , including nuclear carrier strike group and nuclear strategic flying corps .
While kicking up all forms of economic sanctions and conspiratorial `` human rights '' racket against the DPRK with mobilization of the hostile forces , the US has made desperate efforts to block its building of a thriving nation and improvement of the people 's living standard and `` bring down its social system '' .
The DPRK 's access to H-bomb of justice , standing against the US , the chieftain of aggression watching for a chance for attack on it with huge nukes of various types , is the legitimate right of a sovereign state for self-defense and a very just step no one can slander .
Genuine peace and security can not be achieved through humiliating solicitation or compromise at the negotiating table .
The present-day grim reality clearly proves once again the immutable truth that one 's destiny should be defended by one 's own efforts .
Nothing is more foolish than dropping a hunting gun before herds of ferocious wolves .
The spectacular success made by the DPRK in the H-bomb test this time is a great deed of history , a historic event of the national significance as it surely guarantees the eternal future of the nation .
The DPRK is a genuine peace-loving state which has made all efforts to protect peace on the Korean Peninsula and security in the region from the US vicious nuclear war scenario .
The DPRK , a responsible nuclear weapons state , will neither be the first to use nuclear weapons nor transfer relevant means and technology under any circumstances as already declared as long as the hostile forces for aggression do not encroach upon its sovereignty .
There can neither be suspended nuclear development nor nuclear dismantlement on the part of the DPRK unless the US has rolled back its vicious hostile policy toward the former .
The army and people of the DPRK will steadily escalate its nuclear deterrence of justice both in quality and quantity to reliably guarantee the future of the revolutionary cause of Juche for all ages .
Juche Korea will be prosperous forever as it holds fast to the great WPK 's line of simultaneously pushing forward the two fronts .
The gold medals and moments high of drama are all very well , but what about the strange little details that have marked out the Rio Olympics ?
Here are some of the curiosities and lesser-spotted oddities witnessed so far at the Games .
US gymnasts ' leotards are bedecked with thousands of crystals
Simple lycra is not enough for Team USA . At this tournament , many of the women gymnasts ' leotards are adorned with close to 5,000 Swarovski crystals .
`` Obviously , sparkles are not an element in the scoring , '' former Olympic gymnast Samantha Peszek , told the New York Times . `` But it 's part of the 'look good , feel good , do good ' aspect . ''
In the last century , Olympic leotards did n't differ much from the outfit your sister would wear to ballet class . Then the sparkling fad began .
In 2008 , Nastia Liukin 's leotard for the Beijing games had 184 crystals on it . By 2012 , Gabby Douglas had 1,188 on hers . Now that figure has nearly quadrupled . `` We 're in a crystal arms race , '' Swarovski 's Alexander Wellhoefer has said .
The cost of those dazzling Team USA outfits ?
About $ 1,200 ( £912 ) each .
Locals in Reykjavik are now getting their takeaways delivered by drone . The world 's first operational drone delivery service has launched last week in Iceland 's capital city .
The drones transport a range of goods , including groceries and restaurant food , much faster than delivery vans .
The company behind the service plans to scale it up in the next few months to make hundreds of drone deliveries each day .
The drones are operated by Flytrex , an on-demand drone delivery firm based in Tel Aviv .
The company claims that deliveries that would take 25 minutes by car in Reykjavik can be completed by a drone in just four minutes .
CEO of Flytrex , Yariv Bash , said that 'this is a working system , not a one-off wonder . '
Deliveries are made by Flytrex 's autonomous delivery drone 'Mule ' , which can carry up to 6.5 pounds ( three kilograms ) for distances of up to six miles .
To make a delivery , the drone lands in a field in the suburb of Grafarvogur .
Here , it is met by a courier who either drives or walks , depending on the distance , to make the delivery directly to a customer 's home .
The flights are held as part of a partnership with AHA — Iceland 's largest shopping and retail website which operates in Reykjavik .
The company is currently only carrying out one delivery at a time .
It claims , however , that multiple deliveries are possible , and one controller can fly a number of drones simultaneously .
Flytrex aims to make 20 deliveries per day and says it will be adding more over the next few weeks .
In the next few months , it plans to scale that up to hundreds of deliveries a day .
So far , AHA has claims there has been a 60 percent reduction in drone delivery costs compared with land-based and sea options .
AHA has been delivering goods since April 2011 , using a fleet of delivery vehicles , focusing on products , groceries and restaurant food in Reykjavik .
But the firm saw the need for change , and teamed up with Flytrex in the hope of making deliveries faster and more efficiently .
Maron Kristofersson , CEO of AHA , said : 'In the recent months there has been a tremendous increase in our online delivery orders , especially in the retail products and we are forecasting a very expedited growth in the grocery deliveries in the coming months .
'Over the last four years we have been monitoring online delivery solution technologies around the globe , and feel that Flytrex has a smart , safe and commercially viable solution to the problem .
'We hope to co-operate with them not only in Iceland , but also internationally in the future . '
From feeling less tired to clearing up spots , drinking enough water can cure all sorts of ills .
But the majority of people simply do n't drink enough of it .
Medical research centre the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota reveals that men should be drinking 13 cups of it a day on average , while women could consume nine .
But every person 's body is different - and the amount you really need to drink can be worked out using a simple scientific formula .
Step 1 : Take your weight ( in lbs ) and divide it by 2.2 .
Step 2 : Multiply that number by your age .
Step 3 : Divide that sum by 28.3 .
Step 4 : Your total is how many ounces of water you should drink each day .
Step 5 : Divide that number by eight to see your result in cups .
However if you exercise regularly , you 'll of course need to drink even more water to replace the liquid you 'll lose through sweat .
The American College of Sports Medicine reports that you should drink an extra 12 ounces of water for every 30 minutes of exercise .
Your diet can play a large role in helping to keep you hydrated .
Eating foods with a high water content , such as watermelon , cucumber and celery , can help flush out toxins in your body .
However , eating salty foods can do the opposite as your body will retain fluids to help dilute the sodium you 've just consumed - which is why we often bloat after eating sodium-rich foods , and get thirsty .
Believe it or not , there was a time when restaurants served food on plates . Not a wooden board or a slate , but on a simple piece of crockery .
The plate was usually white and round , and had the advantage of keeping food in one place while making it look nice .
Nowadays , anyone hoping for a relaxing meal out will be expected to wrestle their steak off a breadboard , fish their chips out of a bucket and their rotisserie chicken off a brick .
Across the country , gastropubs and restaurants — desperate to be on-trend — are serving their food in flower pots , dog bowls , roof tiles , high heeled shoes ... What on earth is going on ? And please can we make it stop ?
If the trend for wacky tableware continues , the dinner plate will become a relic . It will join the soup tureen and cow creamer in the great crockery graveyard on top of the kitchen cupboard .
Thankfully , a backlash against this ludicrous craze is underway .
An enterprising chap called Ross McGinnes has founded a campaign group on Twitter called We Want Plates , sparking an internet sensation .
At one restaurant on the Isle of Man , the breakfast fry-up is served on a shovel . Elsewhere , bread is being served not in a basket , but in a flat cap .
Cocktails are no longer poured into elegant , thin stem glasses or crystal tumblers . No , all drinks must be served in jam jars , retro milk bottles , fish bowls , toy treasure chests and even ski boots .
If you thought wearing a pair of tights is a simple matter , you 'd be wrong . A male scientist has devised a mathematical formula to help women choose the perfect pair of tights to keep their legs warm this winter .
Dr James Hind came up with the equation to determine the most suitable fabric thickness depending on the weather conditions .
The 39-year-old says the secret to deciding what stockings to pop on the morning all depends on wind speed and temperature . The formula then helps calculate what denier , or thickness , to choose to avoid being too hot or cold throughout the day .
The mathematician designed the equation after he had to wear green stockings when he worked at the Tales of Robin Hood , a former tourist attraction in Nottingham .
He said : 'I worked in tights day in and day out for a year and I know the value of properly warm tights on a cold day . I worked there 15 years ago in 1997 . My 110 denier thick tights saved my life in the winter . I made those tights my basis for the formula because they should see anybody through cold and windy weather , and then when it 's lovely and sunny , the denier recommendation reduces . '
The mathematician claims the complex-looking formula will work across the UK as it takes into consideration local weather conditions .
His formula builds the temperature ( t ) and wind speed ( w ) into a forecast to calculate the thickness of tights most appropriate . The equation uses the sigmoid curve to create a scale to determine the denier or density of fiber needed ( d ) .
It can be altered to allow for warmer southerly winds and colder northerly winds by using kilometers per hour for colder winds and miles per hour for warmer ones .
Dr Hind , who lives with science lecturer wife Dr Laurice Fretwell , 33 , in Beeston , Nottingham , added : 'I used the Sigmoid formula here . It took a lot of tinkering and tampering for a few hours at a time but I think it 's turned out really well . '
Patrick Hickey , a senior member of the International Olympic Committee , has temporarily stood down from all his roles after his arrest in Rio over allegations of illegal ticket sales .
The Irishman , 71 , was taken to hospital following his arrest , after requesting medical attention .
Brazilian police claim he was involved in a scheme to resell Olympic tickets at higher than their face value .
They said the scheme could have had profits of 10m reals ( £2.4m ; $ 3.1m ) .
Mr Hickey will be replaced as president of the European Olympic Committees - the body which brings together the 50 national committees across the continent - by his deputy Janez Kocijancic .
The Olympic Council of Ireland ( OCI ) said in a statement that Mr Hickey was stepping aside `` until this matter is fully resolved '' and would continue to co-operate and assist with all enquiries .
The former judoka has been a member of the 15-strong executive board of the International Olympic Committee since 2012 , making him a prime mover in the world of international sports .
Police said the arrest was related to that of fellow Irishman Kevin James Mallon on the day of the Olympic opening ceremony .
More than 700 tickets organised in envelopes clearly marked for sale were found in a safe with Mr Mallon , Detective Ricardo Barbosa told the BBC .
Police had evidence of a plan to sell tickets `` illegally masked as hospitality packages , '' Mr Barbosa said .
Irish broadcaster RTE reports that Mr Hickey faces three potential charges : facilitating ticket touting , forming a cartel , and `` ambush `` or illicit marketing .
In an interview with RTE last week , Mr Hickey denied any wrongdoing in relation to ticket sales .
Mr Mallon , who has been in custody since his arrest on 5 August , is a director of THG Sports , a British corporate and sports hospitality company owned by Ipswich Town Football Club owner Marcus Evans .
THG Sports rejects the allegations , saying Mr Mallon had not sold or sought to sell tickets but had been holding them for collection by clients of the authorised Irish ticket reseller , Pro 10 Management .
Pro 10 Management also denies any wrongdoing , saying in a statement released on 12 August that it had always acted properly and fully in line with the guidelines .
Detective Barbosa told the BBC that investigators believed `` Pro 10 was created as a means for acquiring tickets to be resold by THG '' as the Irish Olympic Committee had wanted THG to sell tickets for Rio 2016 , he alleged .
On Monday Brazilian authorities issued arrest warrants for four people connected to THG , including Marcus Evans , the British multi-millionaire who owns THG Sports ' parent company and Ipswich Town Football Club .
A further three arrest warrants were issued on Wednesday for directors of Pro 10 Management , Brazilian police said .
The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) said it would co-operate with any police investigation and stressed that Mr Hickey should be presumed innocent until proved otherwise .
Her bright suits and bold hats put the Duchess of Cambridge ’ s nude court shoes in the shade . The Queen may have turned 90 , but there is little doubt she is still the ultimate style icon , as a new exhibition at Buckingham Palace from tomorrow reveals .
Her Majesty wears jewel-coloured outfits to ensure she can be seen by her subjects - and even uses them as a tool of diplomacy . Who knew that she dresses to echo the flag of the country she is visiting so as to flatter her hosts , and sometimes even has their national emblem sewn into them .
Fashioning A Reign : 90 Years Of Style From The Queen ’ s Wardrobe shows off almost 80 of her outfits and 62 of her iconic hats . Here , we take a look at a glorious selection ...
THE ONE-SHOULDERED DRESS
Made from duchesse satin , lace , sequins , diamante and beads , this asymmetric crinoline-skirted gown of pale yellow and turquoise - made by Sir Norman Hartnell , her favourite couturier of the time - is a perfect example of the Queen ’ s Fifties fashions .
Worn on a state visit to the Netherlands in 1958 , it features a one-shouldered bodice , the line of which is continued by a gathered panel of satin across the skirt .
The dress is appliqued with tape lace forming stylised floral motifs and is richly embroidered with heavy beading .
This , says the Royal Collection , is another perfect example of the Queen ’ s unique championing of British couture .
THE INVESTITURE OUTFIT
An ensemble that bears all the hallmarks of Sixties fashion : the princess-line coat hides a tunic as well as an underdress .
Made in a striking pale primrose yellow , the silk outfit also includes pearls , bugle beads and embroidery on the cuffs , collar and hem .
The most interesting thing about it , however , is the matching hat made by a favourite milliner of the time , Simone Mirman .
Her Majesty took inspiration from the medieval age , which suited the surroundings of Caernarvon Castle , where the Queen was investing her son and heir , Prince Charles , as Prince of Wales in July 1969 .
The section at the back of the hat represents a ‘ caul ’ , a form of head-dress covering the hair and hung down over the neck .
‘ The philosophy behind the design is that the Queen would largely be seen from behind as she placed the coronet on the prince ’ s head , so having good design from the back was just as important as the outfit looking successful from the front , ’ says exhibition curator Caroline de Guitaut .
THE OFFICIAL PORTRAIT GOWN
With its crinoline-style skirt , nipped-in waist and sweetheart neckline , this gown - a highlight of the exhibition - is a perfect example of the Queen ’ s style in the Fifties .
Made by Sir Norman Hartnell , the Queen wore it in 1956 for a series of official portraits taken by Baron Studios .
It was fashioned from oyster-coloured duchesse satin and gold lamé , embellished with diamante , pearls , sequins and beads in tones of gold and silver .
‘ This is about beauty , about the best of British , about elegance , ’ says Caroline de Guitaut . ‘ It is another superb example of British couture , which the Queen champions . ’
GOWN FIT FOR A HISTORIC VISIT
Designed by Savile Row ’ s Hardy Amies , the Queen first wore this turquoise dress in 1965 when she became the first British head of state to visit Germany after World War II . It is made from organza silk , sequins , silver thread , beads and pearls and was worn to an official state banquet .
The ornate embroidery over the bodice was inspired by the Rococo interiors of the palaces at Schloss Bruhl , which Amies researched prior to the Queen ’ s visit .
Her Majesty loved the dress so much so that ( with her usual eye for economy ) , she wore it again for an official portrait by Cecil Beaton in the White Drawing Room at Buckingham Palace in 1968 .
THE QUEEN ’ S WEDDING DRESS
When commissioned to design Princess Elizabeth ’ s 1947 wedding dress , Sir Norman Hartnell set out to produce ‘ the most beautiful dress I had made so far ’ . His magnificent creation is in ivory silk , decorated with crystals and 10,000 seed pearls .
The accompanying shoes are tiny . Her shoe size has never been officially revealed , but is believed to be a two-and-a-half to three .
THE CORONATION DRESS
The Queen ’ s 1953 Normal Hartnell-designed Coronation dress is regarded as a tour de force of British design .
The duchesse satin gown , which took eight months to design and create , features national and Commonwealth floral emblems in gold and silver thread , encrusted with seed pearls , sequins and crystals . It had to be reinforced to support the weight of the embroidery . Unbeknown to the Queen , Hartnell added a four-leaf shamrock on the left of the skirt for luck , and was delighted to see her hand brush it as she walked into Westminster Abbey .
‘ The Queen wanted a dress that would stand up to the occasion - it was the first coronation fully televised - and the dress she chose was the eighth of nine he sketched . It is timeless , ’ said exhibition curator Caroline de Guitaut .
THE QUEEN ’ S JUBILEE STYLE
One section of the exhibition is devoted to an example of the Queen ’ s style from each decade of her life - and this green Hartnell silk dress is typical of the Seventies .
Along with a matching silk and straw Simone Mirman hat , it was worn by Queen on several occasions during her Silver Jubilee tour in 1977 , when she travelled the length and breadth of the United Kingdom before heading overseas .
The soft silhouette , bow-tie neck and floral print silk are all hallmarks of Seventies design .
‘ There is a strong print , and the dress is made of lightweight silk for the sake of practicality , ’ observes the curator of the exhibition..
THAT OLYMPIC DRESS
Among the most globally recognisable outfits on show is the dress worn by the Queen at the London 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremony .
The gown was designed by the Queen ’ s senior dresser , Angela Kelly , and made from silk in a peachy-pink colour , embellished with lace , sequins and beads , with matching feather fascinator .
Caroline de Guitaut says : ‘ The philosophy behind the design was to have a colour that wouldn ’ t in any way be representative of any of the countries participating in the Games and also to have striking , strong design lines , so the illusion of the Queen supposedly jumping [ out of a plane at the ceremony ] wouldn ’ t be lost . ’
`` W '' means wide connection .
Wuzhen is located in Zhejiang province , an economic powerhouse in East China . More than 80 percent of the country ’ s e-retailers , 70 percent of exports , and 60 percent of e-commerce relies on platforms based in Zhejiang . Tongxiang itself , which Wuzhen is a part of , is home to 560 Internet enterprises , over 30,000 registered retailers and 48 Taobao service stations .
The essence of Internet is connection , the value of information lies in interflow . The World Internet Conference brings opportunities and vigor to Wuzhen , a city which perfectly reflects nature , tradition , development and modernity .
`` U '' means universal vision .
With a theme of `` Innovation-driven Internet Development for the Benefit of All – Building a Community of Common Future in Cyberspace '' , the conference will be composed of forums , an expo , and a release event in addition to the opening and closing ceremonies . The conference will host 16 forums covering 20 hot issues , such as Internet economy , Internet innovation , Internet culture , governance in cyberspace and international cooperation on Internet .
World leading Internet achievements will be on display at the Light of the Internet Expo .
`` Z '' means zealous ideas .
Wuzhen ’ s Xizha scenic spot and Wucun county have been selected to host brainstorming activities for Internet and tech giants , such as Alibaba , Foxconn , Jinritoutiao , 58.com .
`` H '' means humanitarian care .
Industry experts and insiders from across the globe have been invited to attend . It is the first time that the Light of the Internet Expo will be open to the public . Microsoft , IBM , SAP , Alibaba , Tencent , Baidu and over 310 well-known enterprises will attend the expo . A total of 6,300 multilingual students from 15 universities in Zhejiang province will serve as volunteers in reception centers , main venues , news centers , airports and hotels .
`` E '' means economic benefits .
Cross-border and rural electricity suppliers , sharing economy , big data , cloud computing , Internet finance and intelligent equipment have become common place in daily life , not to mention information economy is now an important contributor to Chinese GDP .
Innovation-driven development is key to succeeding in the international economy , and innovative Internet development will bring prosperity to the whole world . The Chinese Internet Plus initiative lays the foundation for digital China construction , boosting Internet innovation and bringing untold benefits . The rapid development of the Chinese Internet is set to bring more opportunities to international enterprises and entrepreneurs .
`` N '' means new future .
The Wuzhen International Internet Convention Center , a permanent home for the World Internet Conference , was designed by Wang Shu , a professor at the China Academy of Art , winning a Pritzker Architecture Award . Covering 81,000 square meters and consisting of three functional areas ( a conference center , a reception center , and an exhibition center ) , the venue will meet the needs of the event , including hosting meetings , forums , and exhibitions . The conference center is composed of a main venue and 18 meeting rooms , while the exhibition center has eight pavilions . The interior decoration of the venue meets the standards of most large international conferences with a complete set of facilities , plus fast and reliable Internet services .
Shops all over Russia are preparing themselves for the hottest consumer item this Christmas - the official Vladimir Putin 2017 calendar .
The calendar is a mixture of the Russian leader as a cuddly and affable chap - Putin with a kitten , a crane and a child - and as the Kremlin strongman . He is pictured riding a horse , flying a deltaplane and in the cockpit of a Russian fighter jet .
Some of the pictures could have been mistaken for the calendar of former Soviet leaders Joseph Stalin or Leonid Brezhnev .
In August he is pictured on a combine harvester talking about the wheat harvest and stressing the importance of bread to the Russian people .
The text below the fighter pilot picture in November reads : 'The aim is to create the kind of army which will guarantee Russia 's sovereignty , the respect of her partners and a stable peace . '
At the end of the year , looking ahead to 2018 - when Russia will host the World Cup - is a picture of Putin looking a bit like a Russian mafia godfather .
The text with the photograph may be of special interest to people in Ukraine , Syria and whoever takes up office in the White House in January .
It says : 'Russia is a peace-loving and a self-sufficient country . We do not need other people 's territories , he says . We do n't need other people 's natural resources . But if we are threatened we are prepared to use weapons to guarantee our security . '
Last year CNN reported that the 2016 calendar showed a picture of President Putin cuddling a fluffy puppy , with the words : 'Dogs and I have very warm feelings for one another . '
Do n't tell the kitten .
Every year , TIME selects the best inventions that are making the world better , smarter and—in some cases—a little more fun . Here 's which ones made this year 's unranked list .
The Levitating Lightbulb
Flyte is a lightbulb that relies on electromagnetism to levitate and spin , and on resonant inductive coupling—a technical term for wireless power transmission—to shine . Flyte has sold so well since its official January launch that the company is planning to introduce a whole ecosystem of floating products , including a planter , Lyfe , which debuted in June .
The Folding Bike Helmet
People refuse to wear a helmet because they ’ re thick and bulky . Morpher , a bike helmet made from interweaved plastics that is just as strong as its traditional counterparts ( it meets general safety requirements in both the US and Europe ) , but flexible enough to fold almost totally flat , making it easier to transport . Morpher has raised almost $ 300,000 on Indiegogo and may be available for sale in stores in future .
Shoes That Tie Themselves
Almost everyone who sees Back to the Future want a pair of self-lacing shoes . Now , thanks to Nike , the shoe dream is a reality . When wearers press a button near the tongue , the HyperAdapt 1.0s automatically tighten and loosen around their foot . Simplified shoe fastening could give athletes an edge during competition , and it ’ s especially useful for people with impaired motor function .
Soccer Fields That Fit Anywhere
The Khlong Toei district in the heart of Bangkok is packed tight with buildings and people—which doesn ’ t leave much room to build new parks , let alone giant rectangular fields on which kids can play soccer . So real estate firm AP Thailand used aerial photography to find what developer Pattaraphurit Rungjaturapat calls “ untended areas , ” or unusually shaped patches of land that weren ’ t being used . Then it covered them with concrete , paint and anti­slip materials—all the trimmings of a proper sports venue , without the typical boundaries . The first two fields , which opened earlier this year , are packed with kids as soon as school lets out . This December , AP Thailand plans to open a third .
The Ultimate Alarm Clock
It 's hard to believe that an alarm clock could not only be beautiful but also improve your sleep . That it could gauge the temperature , humidity , light and even air quality in your bedroom to help you engineer a perfect sleep environment . That it could monitor your sleep cycles and wake you when you ’ re least likely to feel groggy—all thanks to simple voice commands .
Dishes That Work Around Cognitive Decline
It is hard for Alzheimer ’ s patients to use silverware without spilling . Eatwell Assistive Tableware is a dining set designed to make mealtime easier for people with Alzheimer ’ s and other diseases that affect brain and body function . The tableware uses bright colors to help people distinguish their plates from their food and putting wide rubber bases on the cups to prevent spills .
The All-Purpose Shelter
Last year , Ikea helped launch Better Shelter , a line of temporary houses—equipped with features like door locks and solar­panels—that could be shipped flat and assembled in under four hours . But now that the UN High Commissioner for Refugees has helped send more than 16,000 of these units all over the world , they ’ ve taken on a life of their own . Refugees and aid agencies are turning Better Shelter structures into hospitals , reception areas and more . In Greece and on its border with Macedonia , the shelters are being linked together and used as early-childhood-development centers . Now designers are trying to revamp the Better Shelters to allow for even more flexibility .
Sweet Potatoes That Could Save Lives
In sub-Saharan Africa , vitamin A deficiency afflicts more than 43 million children under age 6 , leaving them vulnerable to blindness , malaria and more . Plant scientists from HarvestPlus and the CIP are helping countries grow their own solutions—in the form of sweet potatoes . The key is biofortification , or cross-breeding locally grown sweet potatoes with versions rich in vitamin A , so that over time the crops naturally get better at addressing the deficiency . Plant scientists have also bred them to be more resistant to droughts and viruses . This year , the orange-fleshed sweet potatoes won the World Food Prize and have been seen as “ a healthy crop for all . ”
Gene Wilder , who brought a wild-eyed desperation to a series of memorable and iconic comedy roles in the 1970s and 1980s , has died , his lawyer , Eric Weissmann , said .
He was 83 .
Wilder is best known for his collaborations with director Mel Brooks , starring as the stressed-out Leo Bloom in Brooks ' breakout 1967 film `` The Producers , '' and later in the monster movie spoof `` Young Frankenstein . '' He also portrayed a boozing gunslinger in `` Blazing Saddles . ''
For many people , Wilder might be best remembered for `` Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory , '' playing the mysterious candy tycoon in the 1971 adaptation of Roald Dahl 's book .
In a statement to CNN on Monday , Brooks called Wilder `` one of the truly great talents of our time . ''
`` He blessed every film we did with his magic and he blessed me with his friendship , '' Brooks wrote .
Wilder died due to complications from Alzheimer 's disease , which he struggled with for three years , his nephew Jordan Walker-Pearlman said in a statement to CNN . Wilder chose not to disclose his illness , the statement added .
`` He simply could n't bear the idea of one less smile in the world , '' Walker-Pearlman said .
Actor Gene Wilder appears at Barnes & amp ; Noble to sign copies of his book `` The Woman Who Would n't '' on March 26 , 2008 in New York City .
In the years after `` Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory , '' Wilder continued to star in numerous comedies , with less consistent success . That included several films with Richard Pryor , including `` Stir Crazy '' and `` Silver Streak , '' as well as solo vehicles like `` The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes ' Smarter Brother '' and `` The World 's Greatest Lover , '' which he also directed .
In a 2005 interview with CNN , Wilder discussed how he met Brooks , having been cast in a play opposite the director 's then-girlfriend , Anne Bancroft .
`` That led to 'The Producers ' and 'Blazing Saddles ' and 'Young Frankenstein , ' because I was miscast in a play , '' Wilder said . `` And it changed my life . ''
He said he was happy to be cast in primarily comedic roles throughout his acting career .
`` For every dramatic role , there are 14 other guys who will do it better than me , always , '' Wilder told CNN .
He was married to `` Saturday Night Live '' regular Gilda Radner for five years until her death in 1989 .
When asked in the same CNN interview if he thought the public expected him to mourn Radner indefinitely , Wilder said he felt some people did .
Then added , `` If you found happiness , real happiness , then it would be stupid to waste your life mourning . And if you asked Gilda , she 'd say , do n't be a jerk . You know , go out , have fun . Wake up and smell the coffee . ''
He is survived by his wife of 25 years , Karen Wilder .
Wilder 's friends , co-workers and admirers were quick to pay tribute to the actor on Monday after the news of his death .
`` Bless you for all these years of laughter and love , such warmth and humanity , '' wrote film critic Leonard Maltin .
Debra Messing , former star of `` Will & amp ; Grace , '' a show on which Wilder guest-starred , said , `` A man who lit up the world with his joy and genius . I ca n't say what it meant to act with him and get to know his heart . ''
Just 25 minutes of brisk walking a day can add up to seven years to your life , according to health experts .
Researchers have found that moderate exercise could halve the risk of dying from a heart attack for someone in their fifties or sixties .
Coronary heart disease is the UK ’ s single biggest killer , causing one death every seven seconds , and exercise has long been seen as a way to reduce the risks by cutting obesity and diabetes .
A new study presented at the European Society of Cardiology ( ESC ) Congress suggested that regular exercise can increase life span .
A group of 69 healthy non-smokers , aged between 30 and 60 , who did not take regular exercise were tested as part of the study at Saarland University in Germany .
Blood tests taken during six months of regular aerobic exercise , high-intensity interval training and strength training showed that an anti-ageing process had been triggered and helped repair old DNA .
`` This suggests that when people exercise regularly , they may be able to retard the process of ageing , ” said Sanjay Sharma , professor of inherited cardiac diseases in sports cardiology at St George ’ s University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust in London .
`` We may never avoid be-coming completely old , but we may delay the time we become old . We may look younger when we ’ re 70 and may live into our nineties .
`` Exercise buys you three to seven additional years of life . It is an antidepressant , it improves cognitive function and there is now evidence that it may retard the onset of dementia . ''
The advice from experts is that everyone should do at least 20 minutes of walking or jogging a day , given the sedentary lifestyles and changes in diet that have contributed to high death rates from heart disease . Exercise can also improve brain functioning .
Exercise brings benefits at whatever age the person starts . People who start exercising at the age of 70 are less likely to go on to develop a condition that leads to irregular or racing heart rates in 10 per cent of people aged over 80 .
`` The study brings a bit more understanding of why physical activity has that effect , '' said Christi Deaton , Florence Nightingale Foundation Professor of Clinical Nursing Research at Cambridge Institute of Public Health .
`` It helps us understand the process of cellular ageing , as that 's what drives our organ system and body ageing , and the effects physical activity can have on the cellular level .
`` The more active you are , and it doesn ’ t matter when you start , the more benefit you are going to have . ''
Armenian-based startup Volterman has recently unveiled a smart wallet that takes security to the extreme . It comes with a built-in alarm system , a GPS tracker , and even a front facing camera that takes photos of whoever tries to open it , and sends them to the owner .
Wallets almost seem obsolete in this digital age , but the Volterman Smart Wallet is not your average wallet . Apart from the screen , it packs about as much technology as your smartphone , including 512MB of RAM , a built-in camera , power bank , GPS tracker , alarm system , RFID protection and even Wi-FI hotspot capabilities . It may look like a simple leather wallet on the outside , but it ’ s a whole different beast on the inside .
One of the main features of the Volterman Smart Wallet is the distance-sensitive alarm system . Once you ’ ve paired the stylish card holder with your smartphone , every time the distance between phone and wallet goes over a certain threshold , an alarm will notify you , so you don ’ t accidentally leave it behind . The cool thing about this system is that it works both ways . If you forget your phone somewhere , the wallet alarm goes off , letting you know that its best friend is missing .
Then there ’ s the GPS tracker that allows you to locate the wallet anywhere in the world , an RFID protection system designed to prevent electronic pick-pocketing or RFID skimming . Credit cards , some passports and driver licenses now come with radio frequency identification chips that thieves can clone , but the Volterman Smart Wallet prevents that .
The high-tech accessory also comes with a built-in power bank ( 2,000mAh to 5,000mAh capacity ) which provides wireless charging on the go , Bluetooth 5.0 technology , and a built-in WiFi Hotspot , which provides Internet roaming service in 98 countries at prices 10 times less than that of standard roaming .
But perhaps the most unusual feature of the Volterman Smart Wallet is the built-in front-facing camera . When in “ lost mode ” , the wallet will take pictures whenever someone tries to open it and send them to the owner by connecting to the internet . This feature is listed as optional , so would-be customers concerned about privacy issues needn ’ t be worried .
“ If someone dares to open your wallet without your knowledge , the little camera will take a picture and send it to your mobile phone , ” said Azat Tovmasyan , founder of Volterman . “ We have developed a wallet , which does not get lost . Once your wallet is stolen , you will find it easily by receiving the picture of the thief . ”
Volterman recently started a crowdfunding campaign for the smart wallet , on Indiegogo . They were aiming for a $ 45,000 goal , but , with 6 days left until deadline , the campaign has already raised over $ 696,000 from over 4,800 backers . The wallet is expected to start shipping in December .
Azat said that he came up with the idea for this high-tech wallet two years ago , when his daughter hid his wallet behind the stove and he spent over a month getting his lost documents reissued . That ’ s when he started thinking about a Bluetooth-enabled wallet , but found that they had limited tracking range . So he ended up creating what many are calling the most advanced wallet ever .
And if the high-tech features of the Volterman aren ’ t impressive enough , it also has one of the cheesiest and funniest promo videos I ’ ve ever seen . Check it out :
Barack Obama has been savaged by a top spending campaigner for taking the First Family on an eighth consecutive Christmas vacation to Hawaii , at huge expense to the American taxpayer .
The President was accused of treating Air Force One , which costs $ 206,000/hour to run , 'like an Uber ride ' .
Fly-time alone will set taxpayers back somewhere in the region of $ 3.5million as Obama , the First Lady , Sasha and Malia and their two dogs jet off for around two weeks .
They have traditionally rented a luxury villa in the upscale Kailua area on Oahu , the main island , and head out for hikes , rounds of golf and restaurant meals with their friends .
Tom Fitton , the head of the Judicial Watch pressure group , said Obama 's holiday habit proves that he is out of touch - and has to stop .
He told AL.com : 'The Obamas ' travel is out of control . They are treating the Air Force One like an Uber ride .
'And President Obama seems oblivious to the burden he is placing on Americans with his continuous vacations , getaways , and political junkets at taxpayer expense . '
During the trips , the Obamas are accompanied by a substantial Secret Service detail , who costs thousands of dollars a day to accommodate in the idyllic vacation spot .
Local police also work overtime and an ambulance trails the Presidential party at all times in case of disaster - all of which will push the total further into the millions .
Although some expenses - including the rent - are paid for privately , the emergency personnel and daily expenses of Obama 's security detail are all publicly-funded .
Exact figures for the trip - outside of Air Force One - are hard to obtain . According to a Watchdog.com report on the 2014 trip , there is also an Air Force cargo plane to bring Obama 's helicopter and limo , which costs more than $ 150,000 to get to Hawaii and back .
A second plane brings a Marine Corps contingent at similar cost .
The Honolulu Police Department also spends in the region of $ 275,000 a year in overtime for its officers , while the ambulance from the local Emergency Management Services costs $ 15,890 to keep on call .
Secret Service agents - of whom there are said to be 'dozens ' each year - are reportedly housed at a cost of around $ 200 per person per night , while material for other security measures would also be met from White House funds .
From Alexander McQueen to Dolce & amp ; Gabbana , the Duchess of Cambridge has a wardrobe to boot , with designers bending over backwards to dress the sartorially clued-up royal in their creations .
But despite having the most esteemed designers on speed dial , the well-dressed mother-of-two sticks to a tried-and-tested formula when it comes to styling herself .
BELTED COATS
In order to wrap up warm but also keep things chic , Kate often turns to a trusty belted coat .
As fashion expert Simon Glazin notes : 'The belts on her coats cleverly give her some shape , contouring her waist .
NUDE COURT SHOES
Indeed , Kate can not get enough of her favourite £185 nude LK Bennett heels , wearing them again and again .
Despite their four-inch heel , the 'go with everything ' shoe must be comfortable .
BOXY CLUTCHES
Whether she 's on the red carpet or visiting a local school , Kate is always armed with a boxy clutch bag .
The perfect size for the few possessions she takes out with her , Kate has a clutch in every colour and style imaginable . Whilst she mostly plumps for simple suede bags in blues and blacks , she has been known to carry a glitzy Aspinal of London clutch , as well as a metallic version .
LACE DRESSES
Whether she 's stunning in Dolce & amp ; Gabbana or dazzling in Self Portrait , Kate has been turning to lace designs for her most high profile engagements in recent months .
'A lace dress is a must because it bridges the gap between a too-old-for-her print and something a bit more risqué , and Kate looks good in them , ' notes Glazin .
PRACTICAL HEMLINES
Kate will never be caught in anything that falls too high above her knee - but she looks far from frumpy .
The stylish royal achieves this by opting for bold prints and beautifully ornate dresses , which keeps the attention above her knee .
FLORAL EMBELLISHED FASCINATORS
Whilst she has hundreds of hats and fascinators , her favourite style is a floral embellished piece of headgear .
Whether she 's giving a nod to her host country or stunning at the races , Kate always offsets her look with a beautifully ornate fascinator .
A James Bond who touches M 's feet to seek blessings before setting out for a mission ? One who only shakes ( not stirs ) his buttermilk ? You had better believe it .
Please meet the cleaned up , chaste , well behaved James Bond - trending in India as # SanskariJamesBond - an ironic hashtag prompted by a censor board decision to `` cut short '' Daniel Craig 's kissing scenes in the movie Spectre , which releases in India on Thursday .
That 's right . James Bond in his current avatar , simply kisses too much for the tastes of the Indian censor board , and so they have been reduced in length .
Ashoke Pandit , a member of the censor board confirmed that the kissing scenes had been cut , but insisted it was a decision taken in his `` personal capacity '' by India 's controversial censor board head Pahlaj Nihalani .
`` Yes , this decision [ to cut kissing scenes ] was taken by Pahlaj Nihalani . He does these kind of things . Other shots have also been cut along with the kissing scene . This seems like a joke . If you do this to a James Bond film , then it 's shameful , '' he told BBC Hindi .
Mr Nihalani was appointed to the post in January , days after the previous head of the board Leela Samson resigned amid controversy over clearance to the film Messenger of God , citing `` interference and coercion '' .
Mr Nihalani refused to comment on the James Bond film and his decision to cut short scenes .
An unabashed and self-declared fan of the prime minister , he was in the headlines most recently for making a video praising Mr Modi that the Hindustan Times newspaper charitably called a `` cringe fest '' .
Public display of affection is taboo in largely conservative India and kissing scenes are routinely blocked in films and television soaps .
Indians who have had to wait an extra three weeks to watch the latest Bond movie were predictably outraged , but soon decided to channel their outrage into more creative uses .
And thus # SanskariJamesBond was born .
The term `` Sanskari '' translates from the Hindi as `` virtuous '' . So Indian social media users took pains to make James Bond that way . They photoshopped Bond girls out of bikinis , tampered with intimate scenes and put actor Daniel Craig into traditional Indian wear .
The last laugh though is still on the Indian viewer as the cuts , for now at least , are here to stay .
Less prudish , it appears , are some of India 's neighbours .
Spectre has already been released in Pakistan , where the kissing scenes are uncut - although a bedroom scene has been removed . In Sri Lanka , the film is being released with no cuts at all .
Better known by its more imaginative moniker of the Mooncake Festival , for millions of Chinese across Asia the Mid-Autumn Festival is a big deal , second only to Chinese Lunar New Year celebrations .
Throughout the continent , households celebrate in style in a variety of ways , with the releasing of sky lanterns , dragon dancing and the age old tradition of eating mountains of moon cakes . These ubiquitous bite-sized chunks of pastry are filled with everything from red bean paste , lotus seeds , almonds , egg yolk , minced meat , candied fruits or chocolate .
There are literally hundreds of varieties found throughout the region and in cosmopolitan areas such as Hong Kong and Shanghai , well-to-do folk can even munch on moon cakes of black truffle , caviar and foie gras .
Throughout continental Asia , Mid-Autumn Festival is a time for families to reunite and spend time together . Celebrations kick off with a special meal at home , akin to a western Christmas or Thanksgiving dinner before everyone steps out together , often in traditional dress , to enjoy local festivities such as dancing , music and bright lantern displays . Each nation and region has its own peculiar customs for moon worship with many quaint customs still going strong .
Zhongqiu : the Chinese mainland 's Mid-Autumn Festival
In Chinese mainland the strong scent of incense wafts through the air and twinkling lanterns can be seen for miles around . Unsurprisingly it is in the rural heartland where the most colorful traditions still hold true .
In parts of Southern China the full moon is time for a little romance . Masquerades are held at Festival time to pair up single guys and girls from neighboring villages with the quaint yet symbolic dropping of a handkerchief .
One of the most spectacular aspects of Mid-Autumn Festival is the building of huge bamboo and stone towers , often rising over 50 feet high , which are then set ablaze after dark in order to ensure a good harvest .
Japanese firms are hiring in ‘ handsome weeping boys ’ in a bid to make staff cry as part of bizarre team-building exercises .
The good looking men reportedly arrive at offices and play upsetting films showing dying pets or families dealing with terminal illness .
The workshops , which are mainly aimed at women , supposedly bring staff together by showing their vulnerabilities to each other .
The hosts then walk around wiping tears from the faces of those who have burst into tears .
Ryusei , one of the handsome weeping boys , told the BBC : `` Japanese are not used to crying in front of people . But once you cry in front of others , the environment will change , particularly in a business . ”
He is known as a “ good looking but slightly older ” weeping boy because he is nearly 40 while most hosts are in their 20s .
The quirky workshops were dreamed up by Hiroki Terai in an attempt to get Japanese people to more openly express their emotions .
The businessman , who was inspired by his schoolboy days when he ate his lunch alone in a toilet cubicle , said he “ wants Japanese people to cry ” .
He added : “ After you cry and let people see your vulnerability , you can get along even better with people which is also good for the company . ”
Other services on offer in Japan include non-sexual cuddling sessions and businesses that will let lonely people rent a friend .
Here are five reasons why Donald Trump could actually become president :
“ It ’ s the Economy , Stupid . ”
That ’ s a famous Carville dictum ( from Bill Clinton ’ s 1992 campaign ) . It could sum up Trump ’ s chances , too , given the well-documented stagnation of America ’ s middle class and the possibility of another economic slowdown .
Republican Weakness
Some Republicans and conservative commentators are warning Republicans that they face a “ Joe McCarthy Moment , ” in which they must repudiate Trump or risk the wrath of history ’ s judgment .
But GOP leaders such as Chairman Reince Priebus are more interested in immediate peace than their place in history , and amenable characters such as former Utah Gov . Jon Huntsman have said that nominating Trump is no big deal .
Journalistic Weakness
It comes in two flavors . One is false equivalence . Reporters have yet to fully examine Trump ’ s record , especially the details of his business dealings and personal life , but soon enough his story will be yoked with and compared to Clinton ’ s , which will make it easier for Trump to slide by in the resulting din .
The second flavor is the media ’ s hunger for an audience . The closer Trump gets to the White House , the more frightening he becomes , the more desperate his enemies become – the more eyeballs are focused on smartphones and TV sets .
That means more billions in “ free ” media for Trump .
Hillary the “ Incumbent . ”
As much as Clinton talks about new ideas and a fresh start , she will be attempting the difficult task of holding the White House for the same party for a third-straight term . That last happened in 1988 .
More important , Clinton and her husband represent a force in the Democratic Party that is a kind of incumbency within an incumbency , and that is a perilous place to be at a time when voters so despise Washington .
The Numbers
Shockingly – given his outrageous , race-baiting and even violence-tinged rhetoric – Trump is not that far behind in the horse race as the “ fall ” campaign informally begins .
With the possible exception of Arizona , there are few , if any , red states that he would likely lose . There are also at least five large blue states in which he could compete . Together , they represent more than enough electoral votes to send Trump to the White House .
Women experience more emotional pain following a breakup than men , researchers have found .
They reported higher levels of both physical and emotional pain .
However , researchers also said that , over time , they came out stronger - while men simply moved on and never fully recover .
According to Craig Morris , research associate at Binghamton University and lead author on the study , the differences boil down to biology .
Women have more to lose by dating the wrong person .
'Put simply , women are evolved to invest far more in a relationship than a man , ' Morris said .
'A brief romantic encounter could lead to nine months of pregnancy followed by many years of lactation for an ancestral woman , while the man may have 'left the scene ' literally minutes after the encounter , with no further biological investment .
'It is this 'risk ' of higher biological investment that , over evolutionary time , has made women choosier about selecting a high-quality mate .
'Hence , the loss of a relationship with a high-quality mate 'hurts ' more for a woman . '
Conversely , as men have evolved to compete for the romantic attention of women , the loss of a high-quality mate for a man may not 'hurt ' as much at first , Morris said .
'The man will likely feel the loss deeply and for a very long period of time as it 'sinks in ' that he must 'start competing ' all over again to replace what he has lost - or worse still , come to the realization that the loss is irreplaceable , ' he said .
Morris said that breakups are important because most of us will experience an average of three by age 30 , with at least one affecting us strongly enough that it substantially decreases our quality of life for weeks or months .
Researchers from Binghamton University and University College London asked 5,705 participants in 96 countries to rate the emotional and physical pain of a breakup on a scale of one ( none ) to 10 ( unbearable ) .
They found that women tend to be more negatively affected by breakups , reporting higher levels of both physical and emotional pain .
Women averaged 6.84 in terms of emotional anguish versus 6.58 in men . In terms of physical pain , women averaged 4.21 versus men 's 3.75 .
While breakups hit women the hardest emotionally and physically , women tend to recover more fully and come out emotionally stronger .
Men , on the other hand , never full recover - they simply move on .
Red wine is bad for your health , experts reveal in a new report .
In a u-turn , Government experts have dismissed the supposed health benefits of wine and are set to rewrite the rule book on the nation 's alcohol consumption , according to reports .
A landmark report by Chief Medical Officer Dame Sally Davies will destroy the long-held belief that red wine can cut the risk of cancer , heart disease and memory loss when drunk in moderation , the Sun reported .
In the first overhaul of alcohol guidelines for two decades , doctors will reportedly warn that there is no `` safe '' level of alcohol consumption and drinking just a small amount may in fact increase the risk of some cancers .
A source said : `` The report will send a clear signal that the dangers of drinking are far more than previously thought . ''
The review was launched in 2012 and its findings are expected to reflect the latest research that links even occasional alcohol consumption to health problems in later life .
The Government currently advises men do not drink more than three to four units per day - up to 21 units or less per week - while women should drink no more than two to three units a day , or 14 units per week .
Under the new guidelines the gender difference will be thrown out and drinkers will be to keep off the booze for at least two days a week in order to allow their livers to recover .
A recent study by University College London found patients who gave up for four weeks saw benefits for their liver function , blood pressure and cholesterol levels and were also at lower risk of developing diabetes and liver disease .
And a report by the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence ( Nice ) advised middle-aged people there is `` no safe level of alcohol consumption '' .
It says the same health benefits can be more easily achieved with exercise and healthy eating .
With just a few weeks left until the start of the 2016 Olympics , Brazil is still suffering from serious economic problems .
The acting governor of Rio de Janeiro warned that the games could be a “ failure ” if his state doesn ’ t get its finances in order .
“ I am optimistic about the games , but I have to show the reality . We can make a great Olympics , but if some steps are not taken , it can be a big failure , ” Fransisco Dornelles told O Globo , according to CNN .
Brazil hasn ’ t followed through on a promise to provide Rio with extra funding for security and transportation , according to Dornelles . Police officers in the city aren ’ t being fully paid and may not even have enough money for gas .
There was a nasty surprise awaiting passengers in the arrivals hall at Rio De Janeiro 's Galeao International Airport on Monday .
`` Police and firefighters do n't get paid , '' the banners , in English and Portuguese , went on . `` Whoever comes to Rio de Janeiro will not be safe '' . Photos of the protest have been widely shared on social media and in the Brazilian press . The image above was posted on the photo sharing site Imgur , where it was viewed more than three million times in less than a day .
The missing funds are just the tip of Brazil ’ s iceberg of turmoil .
A functioning police force and transportation system are necessary , given the rising crime in Rio . Murder and robbery are up 15 percent and 30 percent , respectively , since last year , NPR reports . The city is trying to get new buses off the ground to help tourists avoid the favelas — areas vulnerable to violence , theft and gang activity .
“ How are people going to feel protected in a city without security ? ” Dornelles said .
After months of protest from angry Brazilians , the Senate last month voted to impeach President Dilma Rousseff over allegations that she lied about the country ’ s economic issues .
Rousseff and several members of her cabinet are also accused of making billions off of the state-run oil company Petrobras .
Economic inequality has long been an issue in Brazil . Recent figures indicate that the unemployment rate topped 11 percent last month . Wages are also down . Meanwhile , those involved in the Petrobras scandal are said to have made over $ 5 billion from bribes , kickbacks and money-laundering .
Brazil is facing one of the worst recessions the country has ever faced . The economy shrank 5.4 percent in the first three months of the year , the government said . Additionally , as FT points out , export prices have shrunk , household debt has increased , and inflation has risen even more than expected .
The recent outbreak of the Zika virus has lead to athletes , journalists and other travelers vowing to skip the August games .
Although the symptoms of Zika aren ’ t serious , the virus can lead to severe birth defects if contracted by a pregnant woman .
“ Female athletes should not be forced to make a decision that could sacrifice the health of a child , ” soccer star Hope Solo said .
There are currently no effective treatments or vaccinations .
Professors at a US university have told students that they risk failing their assignments and even their semester if they use offensive or hateful language in class or submissions .
Two programmes taught at Washington State University have set out clear restrictions upon the language students can use , banning terms such as `` The Man '' , `` Coloured People '' and `` Illegals/Illegal Aliens '' .
The terms have been forbidden by certain professors on the basis that they are `` oppressive and hateful '' , according to one of the syllabuses reported by Campus Reform .
The `` Course Notes and Policies '' of the university 's `` Women & amp ; Popular Culture '' course taught by Professor Selena Lester Breikss specifies that “ Gross generalisations , stereotypes , and derogatory/oppressive language are not acceptable '' .
`` Use of racist , sexist , homophobic , transphobic , xenophobic , classist , or generally offensive language in class or submission of such material will not be tolerated , '' it adds .
Breikss also bans the use of the words `` male and female '' in the course .
A further course entitled `` Introduction to Comparative Ethics Studies '' taught by Professor Rebecca Fowler also states that the use of `` inappropriate terminology '' will impact on students ' grades , `` with the deduction of one point per incident '' .
Terms included in the language sanctions include `` coloured '' , `` the white man '' and `` illegals '' .
Fowler cites the Associated Press style guide saying : `` The Stylebook no longer sanctions the term 'illegal immigrant ' or the use of 'illegal ' to describe a person … 'illegal ' should describe only an action . ''
Professor Fowler told Campus Reform that the term `` illegal alien '' has saturated dominant discourses to the extent that society “ associates ALL unauthorized border crossings with those immigrants originating from countries south of our border . ''
Washington State University 's call against inappropriate terms follows a decision by both the University of California and the University of Tennessee to encourage students to use gender-neutral pronouns for transgender and queer-identifying students .
Tutors have been requested to consider asking students which pronouns they wish to be addressed by , warning against assuming gender-binary pronouns `` he '' and `` she '' .
When Hollywood heart-throb Chris Evans read a bedtime story on CBeebies , the mums seemed to enjoy it more than the toddlers it was aimed it .
The Captain America star read Even Superheroes Have Bad Days by Shelley Becker .
`` Watching CBeebies even though the wee one is in bed ... wonder why ? ! '' tweeted Fiona Moore-McGrath .
And Lisa Prosser wrote : `` Of course only watching this for my daughter ... # HubbaHubba . ''
The actor appeared on the BBC children 's TV channel on Wednesday - six weeks after an appearance by fellow actor Tom Hardy .
Many other mums - as well as those without children - took to Twitter to give their approval .
Evans was following in the footsteps of Damian Lewis , Maxine Peake , David Tennant , James McAvoy and David Hasselhoff , who have all sent viewers to sleep in the past .
Evans said : `` I hope I did well . It was fun . It was really sweet and nice . I know it 's a big thing over here . I 'm excited about it . ''
The Avengers star has filmed a few stories for the early evening slot .
`` All the stories had a lot of good night themes , '' he said . `` I was putting myself to sleep when I was doing it . Some of the stories were just so comforting . It made me want to just curl up . ''
Anyone who was left scratching his or her head at the bone broth diet craze is going to be particularly flabbergasted by the latest development in the trend .
New York City restaurant Springbone Kitchen is one of the very hotspots that spearheaded the 'bone broth ' movement , which sees health-conscious dieters sipping the warm meat-flavored soup as a meal replacement .
And it seems the Greenwich Village eatery is intent on enticing customers to down bone broth even when it 's hot outside — and to that end , they 've debuted a new bone broth popsicle , which mixes the meaty liquid with fruit and coconut milk for a frozen dessert treat .
Bone broth as a healthy foodie trend first started to take off in 2015 , but really gained momentum during the winter earlier this year , with Gwyneth Paltrow , Salma Hayek , and Shailene Woodley coming out as fans .
Dr. Kellyann 's Bone Broth Diet , a guide book written by a nutritionist , became a bestseller , and several soup-focused stores and restaurants began popping up in major cities .
Made by slowly boiling animal bones in water , the trendy broth is specially prepared to have little sodium but plenty of collagen , vitamins , and minerals , promising health benefits like weight loss , shiny hair , radiant skin , and a stronger immune system .
So it 's no surprise it became such a hit this past winter , when temps were frigid and a steaming cup of soup was a welcome meal-on-the-go .
Now , however , when temperatures are reaching into the 90s in New York City , Springbone Kitchen seems to have been searching for a way to appeal to its broth-guzzling masses with something that would help with the heat , not make it worse .
Though they tried just serving the broth cold , they found that it was 'too gelatinous ' , and instead decided to simply freeze it and sweeten it up .
Three weeks ago , they began selling a $ 4 popsicle made with coconut milk , raspberry puree , pomegranate juice , maple sugar , and bone broth .
'It ’ s a little bit sweet , ' 26-year-old Jordan Feldman , Springbone Kitchen 's founder , told the New York Post — adding that the meat is barely detectable .
'It ’ s there , but it ’ s totally overwhelmed by the other flavors , ' he said .
Not everyone seems to agree , however . Last week , Kelly Ripa and Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons tried the popsicles on air — and though they seemed pleased with the fruity flavor at first , they were less impressed with the surprise aftertaste .
A young boy they called up from the audience had an even stronger reaction , pulling a face and remarking that he tasted 'raw meat ' and 'something really disgusting ' .
A reporter at Buzzfeed , however , did n't mind the pop , writing : 'It was tangy and vaguely fruity . I felt like I sensed a subtle , but not unpleasant meatness to it , but that could ’ ve just been psychological . It wasn ’ t bad ! '
To most of the world , Texas is known as a big state in southern America .
But to Norwegians , it is also a word that frequently crops up in everyday conversation - often in the phrase `` Der var helt texas ! '' [ That was very completely/totally texas ! ] .
The word is slang for `` crazy '' or `` wild '' and is used to refer to a chaotic atmosphere , Texas Monthly first reported .
It became part of the language when Norwegians started watching cowboy movies and reading Western literature , according to Daniel Gusfre Ims , the head of the advisory service at the Language Council of Norway .
`` The genre was extremely popular inNorway , and a lot of it featuredTexas , so the word became a symbol of something lawless and without control , '' he says .
Its first usage dates back to 1957 , when it appeared in a novel by Vegard Vigerust called The Boy who wanted to buy Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation . The author writes `` he would make it even more texas in the village ? `` .
Nowadays , the word is widespread all overNorway . It 's frequently used in the phrase `` helt texas '' [ completely crazy ] , which has appeared in Norwegian newspapers 50 times this year , he says .
It 's often used negatively , but not always . `` It could be a party out of control , a class out of control , or traffic . It could also be used by someone who had sold many products , '' he says .
Gusfre Ims says this language phenomenon - metonymy , where a thing or concept is called not by its own name , but by another name which is associated with it - is pretty common in Norway , and language generally .
Norwegians also use the term `` hawaiifootball '' to describe an `` out-of-control '' match , he says . The word `` klondike '' , a region inCanadaassociated with the gold rush , is used to describe economic expansion , and also has a hint of something going out of control .
He also points to terms such as `` Armageddon '' and `` champagne '' .
`` People do n't mean the place in the Bible , or the area inFrance , '' he says .
Erin McKean , the founder of the online dictionary Wordnik , agrees that words are often adopted into language in this way .
`` I 'm not surprised Norwegians would use this kind of geography to convey a quality . This is how we make language - emphasing one aspect of the word , or using metaphors , '' she says .
McKean says there are plenty of examples of the English language using perceived characteristics of people from other places , which is a common occurrence with neighbouring countries .
`` Dutch courage is associated with having to drink to be courageous . A Dutch treat [ when people pay for their own share of an expense ] is n't exactly a treat . We talk about taking French leave , or an Irish goodbye .
`` The closest thing to we probably have to 'texas ' inAmericais berserk from the Norse warriors , but that 's apparently Icelandic , although disputed , '' she says .
McKean says people tend to take these expressions with a pinch of salt .
`` I think Americans think the Norwegian texas thing is quite funny . Texans like to think of themselves as larger than life and extreme in some way - and it 's a short hop from extreme to crazy , '' she says .
Anne Ekern , of the Norwegian consulate inHouston , agrees .
`` The reactions we have had , have been on the positive side , '' she says .
But Gusfre Ims wants to reassure any Texans in doubt .
`` What Norwegians think aboutTexashas nothing to do with the expression . We knowTexasis not a lawless society . It 's just a fixed phrase , '' he says .
With diners gathered around cauldrons of boiling soup , dropping meat and vegetables into the broth , hot pot is a quintessentially communal Chinese dish . But the country ’ s dominant chain has a new weapon to attract single diners : stuffed bears .
The introduction of large plush toys to accompany solo diners in the 200 outlets of the Haidilao chain highlights the efforts of businesses in China to take advantage of a demographic shift creating a rising number of single consumers .
“ They help people feel less lonely , ” said Wang Ping , a waitress at a Haidilao in Shanghai , suggesting the Financial Times choose between a large teddy bear and a stuffed yellow chicken .
China ’ s population of adults living alone has grown 16 percent since 2012 to reach 77m , according to government statistics compiled by consultancy Euromonitor . By 2021 , the number is set to rise to 92m .
The shift is driven by a trend towards later marriage in China , led by prosperous cities . In Shanghai , the average first marriage age for women has reached 30 , up from 27 in 2011 . Marriages are also shorter due to a doubling of the divorce rate in the past decade .
16 percent of China ’ s urban population now lives alone , according to the Boston Consulting Group .
“ The trend is accompanied by a profound change in people ’ s perceptions of remaining single : the concept is no longer stigmatised , ” the group said in a recent report , meaning singles “ dine , travel and pursue activities by themselves ” .
Companies have responded to the trend , which mirrors demographic shifts already experienced by China ’ s east Asian neighbours South Korea and Japan . Japanese chain Muji has introduced smaller rice cookers , ovens and kettles aimed at Chinese singles .
Alibaba created Singles Day each November 11 as a celebration of the unattached lifestyle . It is now an annual consumer juggernaut , racking up Rmb120.7bn of sales in China in one day last year .
Asked on what they would most like to spend their time , China ’ s singles chose watching films online and travelling “ to make their plain and mundane lives more exciting ” , according to a recent report by consultancy Mintel . They are “ less likely to travel for the connection with their family or shopping compared to married people ” , preferring sightseeing and experiencing local culture , the report adds .
Food delivery services have benefited from the trend . The sector saw 44 percent sales growth in China last year , according to consultancy Bain . Yang Gengshen , a spokesman for Ele.me , one of China ’ s largest delivery services , which reported sales growth of 127 percent in the first half of this year , said : “ In my experience , very few single people are willing to cook for themselves . ”
Meituan-Dianping , a restaurant review and food delivery company , said 65 percent of its orders came from unmarried customers , with fast food the most popular order for single consumers .
“ Single are the most important group of customers for us , ” said Wang Pu Zhong , general manager of Meituan ’ s on-demand delivery service . “ Chinese food is quite complicated . . . it takes a lot of time , so single people will think it is a waste of time compared to ordering take-out , ” he added .
Single eaters are a common sight in fast food restaurants and convenience stores , but more upscale restaurants have found it hard to attract singles because of a continued stigma about dining alone . “ We only get a few single customers each day , ” said Ms Wang , the waitress .
Shanghai singleton Chen Nie , 23 , experienced a gamut of emotions when offered a teddy bear at Haidilao . “ I was shocked at first . Then I felt warm , ” she said . “ But in the end I felt awkward because it reminded me of the fact that I ’ m single . ”
Media mogul Rupert Murdoch and actress-model Jerry Hall are to get married .
They announced their engagement in the births , marriages and deaths section of the Times newspaper , which is owned by Mr Murdoch 's News Corporation company .
It will be the fourth marriage for Mr Murdoch , 84 , and the first for Miss Hall , 59 , although she lived with singer Sir Mick Jagger for many years .
The new relationship reportedly began in the summer . A spokesman said : `` They have loved these past months together . ''
They were `` thrilled to be getting married and excited about their future '' , he added .
Australian-born Mr Murdoch , who now has US nationality , split up with his third wife Wendi Deng in 2013 .
American Miss Hall 's 23-year relationship with Rolling Stones frontman Jagger , with whom she had four children , ended in 1999 .
Mr Murdoch and Miss Hall were first spotted together in public in October at the Rugby World Cup final in London between Australia and New Zealand .
The couple were introduced to each other in Australia by one of Mr Murdoch 's sisters and his niece , The Times reports .
It says the couple got engaged while in Los Angeles at the weekend , where they attended the Golden Globe awards ceremony .
According to Forbes in 2015 , Rupert Murdoch and his family have a net worth of $ 11.2 billion , making him the 77th richest person on the planet .
Murdoch married Patricia Booker , a flight attendant from Melbourne , in 1956 . They had one child , Prudence , and divorced in 1967 .
Murdoch 's second marriage to Glasgow-born journalist Anna Torv lasted 32 years up to 1999 . They have three children , Elisabeth , Lachlan and James .
Murdoch 's third marriage to Chinese-born businesswoman Wendy Deng ended in 2013 after 14 years and two children , Grace and Chloe .
Several media outlets reported that the woman was the children 's nanny .
Thousands of people commenting on the video on Facebook and Twitter also assumed she was the nanny , with many saying they felt for her and 'hoped she kept her job ' .
A highly respected expert on South Korean politics , Prof Kelly has written for outlets including Foreign Affairs , The European Journal Of International Relations and The Economist .
Kelly moved to Korea in 2008 , and married Jung-a Kim , a former yoga teacher who is now a stay-at-home mother to their two children .
Critics have said that the assumption was based on racial stereotypes about the roles played by Asian women , with many seeing them as servient .
Others have suggested that they believe that people 's prejudices prevent them from accepting the fact that a white man with a high status job would be married to an Asian woman .
UK couple Tiffany Wong and Jonathan Smith , told the BBC they have experienced discrimination from strangers in the past . 'We have had people shout stuff at us - once , when we were walking down the street , a guy yelled 'it 's so sad you 're going with an Asian girl ' to John , ' Tiffany said .
While Jonathan added : 'When I mention my fiancee at work , people normally just assume she 's Caucasian , and they might be surprised to learn she 's not .
Miles Teller and Emma Watson in La La Land
As has been widely reported , the musical juggernaut that is La La Land , which ca n't seem to take a breath without one awards body or another throwing a golden gong at it , originally had two very different stars . Miles Teller and Emma Watson were initially cast as Sebastian and Mia , but both bailed during negotiation stages , allowing Oscar nominees Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone to take over .
While Watson 's demands were more understandable ( she reportedly balked at the time required for rehearsals ) , Teller apparently wanted more money than the $ 4 million paycheck offered his way . While Gosling and Stone have rode the wave of acclaim to the 2017 Oscars , Teller 's own awards-season play , the boxing drama Bleed for This , floundered . As for Watson , you can hear her sing in the Beauty and the Beast , so all is not lost for those of you who felt Harry Potter sorely lacked in warbling .
Experienced academics at Oxford University are being offered counselling so they can avoid being traumatised by their research .
Critics say the move is the latest example of pandering to the emotionally delicate ‘ snowflake generation ’ who are over-sensitive to difficult situations .
But university chiefs say the aim is to avoid ‘ vicarious trauma ’ for postgraduates researching fields such as war , genocide , natural disaster , domestic violence , imprisonment and sexual abuse .
During two two-hour sessions last term , participants – many of whom would do teaching as part of their work – learned how to maintain their ‘ personal and professional wellbeing ’ despite facing ‘ exceptional emotional demands ’ from hearing about troublesome experiences .
The move follows the introduction of ‘ trigger warnings ’ alerting students when lectures might include challenging material , and ‘ safe spaces ’ where controversial opinions can not be voiced – moves which have been derided as over-sensitive and politically correct .
Of the new counselling sessions , Professor Alan Smithers , an education expert from Buckingham University , said : ‘ You would have thought that if people were likely to suffer from secondary trauma , they wouldn ’ t be in that line of work .
'I can not see why Oxford should use the time to put this on , but perhaps there is so much health-and-safety legislation around these days that the university might feel it has to protect itself from being sued . ’
And sociology professor Frank Furedi , from Kent University , said : ‘ Postgraduates are being treated as emotionally fragile patients who require therapeutic intervention to function . ’
Earlier this year , The Mail on Sunday revealed that Oxford law students destined to be barristers and judges were told they could skip lectures covering violent cases if they feared the content would be too ‘ distressing ’ .
Archaeology students at University College London were also given permission to walk out of classes if they found them disturbing , and a lecturer at another London university ‘ flagged ’ her lectures on the Roman poet Ovid because his work depicts rape .
Oxford University said that the new trauma workshops were open to anyone who might need them , but were primarily for graduate students , usually in social sciences , ‘ doing research involving fieldwork in dangerous and emotionally distressing environments ’ .
A spokesman said : ‘ Our vicarious trauma workshops were designed for researchers whose work involved traumatic situations such as conflict zones , and whose own safety may have been in jeopardy .
'The health and wellbeing of staff and students working in these areas is a priority for the university .
'It is important that researchers are also aware of the effects that their research can have on them and their personal and family life . ’
'Therapy culture ’ is most prevalent in American universities , where students have demanded warnings before hearing about F. Scott Fitzgerald ’ s The Great Gatsby and Virginia Woolf ’ s Mrs Dalloway , which both feature suicidal themes .
A woman has placed a 500,000 euros bets on Hillary Clinton to win the US presidential election in what is probably the biggest political wager in history .
The gamble , which is the equivalent to £450,000 , was with British bookies William Hill who placed the Democratic party nominee at 4-11 to win the race to the White House .
Should Clinton triumph over Donald Trump and become the first female president the unidentified woman will accrue £180,000 in winnings .
William Hill spokesman Graham Sharpe told the Mail Online that the woman is 46-years-old , a regular customer , had never placed a political bet in her life and had made the gamble in EUROS . Mr Sharpe would n't divulge any further information on the bettor .
'As far as we are aware the Clinton bet is the biggest wager ever taken on either the US presidential , or the UK general elections . ' 'As a result of taking this bet a win for Donald Trump has now become a favoured bet for us , ' he told the Times .
Mr Sharpe did have a warning for those who had bet on a Clinton victory citing the rise anti-establishment politics .
'At the moment , political outsiders are on a roll , coming off the back of the European referendum , the Tory general election victory in the first leadership campaign , which was a 200-1 long shot at one point . '
'Maybe those who have backed Hillary should be aware of that . '
Soon after the bet was placed the bookmaker slashed the odds on a Clinton victory to 1/3 .
While odds on Republican party candidate Trump were lengthened from 9-4 to 5-2 .
The immediate cutting of Clinton 's odds proves a reminder that prices set by bookies do n't necessarily reflect the chances of victory but only how companies hope to make the most profit or lose the least amount of cash .
One unlucky woman lost £100,000 to William Hill after betting big on the UK to remain in the European Union .
They also said a London woman bet £10,000 on a Leave vote at odds of 11/4 , meaning she made a profit of £27,500 .
The odds of a remain victory were cut after a series of wealthy punters bet on the UK to stay in the EU .
1 . How does the election work ?
Britain 's parliament has 650 members . Any party that wins an outright majority of 326 or more seats can form a government .
2 . What if no party wins a Commons majority ?
The situation becomes more complex if no party has a majority of MPs . The largest single party could try to form a minority government , but this would involve difficulties with getting business done and could prove unworkable . It , or other parties , could try to form a coalition , with the result that their combined MPs provide a Commons majority . Or it could reach an informal agreement with another party not to vote against it when a `` no-confidence '' motion is tabled by the opposition , enabling it to become a sustainable government .
3 . How much does it cost to run an election ?
The last UK general election , in 2010 , cost £84.6m to administer ( excluding the cost of postal delivery ) .
4 . Why are elections held on Thursdays ?
One theory about the Thursday origins is that people were not paid until Fridays and so holding polls on Thursdays ensured they were not too drunk to vote .
5 . Does the Queen vote ?
Queen Elizabeth can not vote because she is part of the legislature . `` As Head of State , The Queen must remain politically neutral , since her Government will be formed from whichever party can command a majority in the House of Commons , '' the monarchy site explains . Other royals can vote - and can even stand for election - but do not do so in order to maintain neutrality .
6 . Can you tweet about voting ?
The Electoral Commission warns against doing it inside the polling station , even if it 's about your own vote . Elsewhere you are free to publicise your vote .
However , there are strict laws against revealing someone else 's vote , including influencing whether they publish it themselves .
Spinach may cause Alzheimer 's disease in at-risk people , research suggests .
The salad leaf 's iron-rich content may damage the brain similar to how the compound causes metal to rust , according to the researchers .
People with high levels of iron alongside the protein amyloid , which has previously been associated with Alzheimer 's , are more likely to experience rapid cognitive decline , a study found .
Those with high amyloid but low iron levels are less at-risk of the disease , the research adds .
Removing such 'rust ' from the brain could prevent or delay the degenerative condition , the researchers add .
Rusting in the brain
Lead author Dr Scott Ayton from the University of Melbourne , said : 'The rusting you see on iron metal is the same rusting reaction that occurs in the brain , ' The Express reported .
Although iron is important for energy , it can cause cellular stress and their subsequent death .
The researchers plan to conduct a five-year trial investigating whether an anti-iron drug could treat Alzheimer 's .
Treatments that focus on altering amyloid levels have had limited success .
Dr Ayton said : 'Given the data from our study , it seems reasonable to hypothesise that lowering iron in the brain would slow the progression of the disease , but we can only know that by testing it , which is what we are now going to do . '
Do not cut back on dietary iron
The researchers do not recommend people cut back on their dietary iron intake to reduce their Alzheimer 's risk .
This is because the amount of the iron in the brain appears unrelated to levels in the blood or a person 's food intake .
Dr Ayton said : 'We do n't have any evidence that the amount of iron you eat , or the amount that is measured in your blood , has any impact on the amount of iron in your brain , so we are not recommending people change what they eat based on our research . '
Angelina Jolie recently admitted that her life with Brad Pitt is far from a fairy tale , and that the Hollywood couple have their problems . The 40-year-old Oscar winner spoke about their relationship in Vogue 's November issue . She also clarified that their upcoming film , By The Sea , in which she stars with Pitt as a couple in the 1970s , `` is not autobiographical . ''
`` Brad and I have our issues , but if the characters were even remotely close to our problems we could n't have made the film , '' Jolie told Vogue magazine in their November issue . `` As artists we wanted something that took us out of our comfort zones . Just being raw actors . It 's not the safest idea . But life is short . ''
Angelina Jolie directed the film , and the project marks the first time the couple has acted on screen together since 2005 , when they fell in love on the set of Mr. & amp ; Mrs. Smith .
Over the last few months , a possible divorce between the two Hollywood stars has often been spoken of . Citing a previous report from Hollywood Life , the magazine In Touch recently reported that one of the most stable marriages in Hollywood could come to an end . A source close to the famous couple allegedly revealed that Brad had filed for divorce from Angelina . The alleged reason is that the actor can no longer stand the pressure and control the actress has on him .
`` He says she 's controlled him from day one of their relationship , '' the source told the publication . `` Although he liked her taking charge at first , he 's come to resent the power he 's allowed her to have over him . ''
Furthermore , the drastic decrease in Angelina Jolie 's weight is reportedly also causing problems in her marriage . A new report says the actor has given an ultimatum to his wife to seek help for her eating disorder or he will file for divorce . According to reports , Brad has tried for months to help Angelina with her weight loss battle , but it is believed that it is not helping at all . That 's why this time , he has asked Jolie to seek intervention or else he will have no choice but to leave with their children .
According to Star Pulse , the main concern about the mother of six is a reported `` grave '' health crisis that has left her down to a paltry 83 pounds .
`` She 's always been thin , but it 's never been this bad before . She 's at an all-time low , '' said the source . `` He 's tried for months to help her , and Brad is at the end of his rope . He told her if she does n't check into rehab for her eating disorder , he 's leaving and taking the kids with him . ''
The tabloid suggested that Angelina and Brad have had serious fights about her alleged anorexia for nearly a year . The constant arguments have reportedly affected the actor . However , a report from Gossip Cop claims to debunk the allegation , calling the report `` totally untrue . ''
The following text is an excerpt from Gossip Cop 's report saying that the divorce rumors are false .
`` This is all very dramatic and , more importantly , inaccurate . The magazine has a shameful history of making up claims about the couple , and using Jolie 's health and body to do so is the true 'all-time low . ' A source close to the stars exclusively tells Gossip Cop the report is 'totally untrue , ' not to mention despicable . ''
Based on the trailer for the movie `` Atomic Blonde '' , in which Charlize Theron plays an undercover agent investigating a murder during the Cold War , it ’ s clear the actress isn ’ t shy about kicking ass and taking names . What ’ s less clear , however , is everything she went through to master those perfect-looking kicks and punches . After all , that ’ s what a good actor does — make tough work look inherent and effortless .
Theron recently revealed that her experience working on the film was particularly hard on her body and mind . According to Variety , she sustained multiple injuries , including a twisted knee , bruised ribs and intense tooth pain from stress .
“ It happened the first month of training , ” Theron told the outlet . “ I had severe tooth pain , which I never had in my entire life. ” She ultimately ended up having an operation involving a root canal and implanting donor bone , all because she had been clenching so hard during training .
Theron ’ s far from the only actress who ’ s pushed her body to the limits for the sake of a role . Many other women have endured similarly serious injuries , some even life-threatening . Here are just a few of them .
1 . Kate Winslet in `` Titanic ''
While most of the scenes shot in water in `` Titanic '' were done in temperature controlled pools , apparently it got a bit frigid when Rose went below decks to look for Jack . Kate Winslet ’ s reaction the first time Rose goes in up to her chest is real , and later on the actress even got pneumonia .
2 . Isla Fisher in `` Now You See Me ''
`` Now You See Me '' may be about the art of illusion , but what happened to Isla Fisher on the set of the movie was very real . She admitted on `` Chelsea Lately '' that she had a harrowing experience while filming the water tank escape scene in the movie .
“ My chain got stuck , ” Fisher said , according to the Huffington Post . “ I had to really swim to the bottom ; I couldn ’ t get up . Everyone thought I was acting fabulously . I was actually drowning . No one realized I was actually struggling . ”
3 . Natalie Portman in `` Black Swan ''
Natalie Portman trained relentlessly for more than a year before starring in the ballet-centric thriller `` Black Swan . '' The goal was not only to have her move like a genuine ballerina , but look like one as well .
“ There are such physical markers for ballet dancers , ” her trainer Mary Helen Bowers told the New York Times . “ We thought that was as important as being able to move. ” As a result of this rigorous preparation both before and during filming , Portman lost a lot of weight , and injured herself regularly .
“ I think my body was kind of in emergency mode , ” Portman told the New York Times . “ I ’ m not eating enough , I ’ m not getting enough sleep . I ’ m in complete physical distress . ”
4 . Meryl Streep in `` The River Wild ''
Believe it or not , Meryl Streep did most of her own stunts in the 1994 action-adventure movie `` The River Wild , '' which for the most part takes place on surging white rapids . On one particular shoot day , however , things went a little too far for the actress . She had been paddling in the raft all day when director Curtis Hanson asked her to do one last stunt . Unfortunately that ’ s when she was flipped out of the boat and dragged to the bottom of the river .
“ I remember sinking down to the bottom with this powerful and freezing water pulling me in deeper , ” Streep told the Orlando Sentinel . “ My first thought was that if I died my husband would come to the set with a machete . ”
Right after the terrifying experience , she told Hanson to believe her the next time she tells him she ’ s too tired to perform a stunt .
5 . Diane Kruger in `` Inglourious Basterds ''
Remember that scene in `` Inglourious Basterds '' where Bridget von Hammersmark gets strangled by Colonel Landa , played by Christoph Waltz ? Well , apparently director Quentin Tarantino didn ’ t trust Waltz to do a good enough job , so he stepped in to get the look he wanted . However , because he wanted it to look real , he actually did cut off her oxygen for a bit and continued until she almost passed out . But hey , at least the shot looked great , right ?
6 . Renee Zellweger in `` Bridget Jones ’ s Diary ''
There ’ s a reason Zellweger decided not to put on weight for the third installment of the `` Bridget Jones '' movies . During the first two films she put on 30 pounds , and while eating excessively for a role might sound like fun , it was a nightmare for her .
“ It sounds like heaven , ” she told the Daily Mail in 2007 .
`` For two days it ’ s bliss and then you ’ re full , OK ? And you can then indulge all your fantasies about over-eating . Fantasies about non-stop chocolate consumption or your fantasies about ordering the pizza and the spaghetti and the garlic bread . ''
`` Then after a week your glucose levels are going crazy . You ’ re up and down and all over the place . It doesn ’ t feel good , and no one wants to hear that , but it ’ s the truth . ''
Amid all the excitement about the eagerly-awaited new addition to the royal family , you may think you know all you could ever want to about royal babies . But did you know ...
A government minister used to be present at royal births , to make sure the baby was not switched
The practice is believed to have begun in 1688 , when dozens of officials watched Mary of Modena , wife of James II , give birth to a son , to scotch rumors that Mary was not really pregnant and that the baby was to be smuggled into the room in a bedpan .
The tradition continued well into the 20th century . The last royal birth to be witnessed by a government minister was that of Queen Elizabeth II 's cousin , Princess Alexandra in 1936 , and the practice was only officially halted shortly before the birth of Prince Charles in 1948 .
Royal husbands have not always attended the birth of their children
Queen Elizabeth II may not have had to contend with ministerial interference in her birth plan , but she also did n't have her husband there for support ; while she gave birth to Prince Charles , Prince Philip , the Duke of Edinburgh was busy playing squash .
Queen Victoria was the first royal to use anesthesia in childbirth
The long-reigning monarch and mother-of-nine was given chloroform for pain relief during the births of her eighth and ninth children , Prince Leopold ( born in 1853 ) and Princess Beatrice ( born in 1857 ) .
Her decision to opt for an anesthetic is credited with popularizing the use of painkillers during childbirth among the well-to-do of the time .
John Snow , the doctor who administered the drug , is better known as one of the founding fathers of epidemiology , after he traced a deadly outbreak of cholera to a Soho water pump .
Prince William was the first heir to the throne to be born in hospital
William was born in the private Lindo Wing of St Mary 's Hospital , Paddington , on June 21 , 1982 . His brother was born at the same hospital two years later , and Kate and William 's first baby , George , was born there on July 22 , 2013 .
While that might seem the normal way of things , in fact it was something of a break with tradition -- until then , all heirs to the throne had been born at home .
Prince Charles was born at Buckingham Palace ; Elizabeth II herself was born in the Mayfair home of her grandfather in 1926 -- though at the time she was not expected to become queen as her uncle , and not her father , was next in line to the throne .
Titled royal babies do not have surnames
Members of the royal family are famously burdened with plenty of names -- Prince William was christened William Arthur Philip Louis , and his father is Charles Philip Arthur George -- but many ( those titled His or Her Royal Highness ) do not have a surname .
Prince William and Prince Harry used `` Wales '' at school and during their military careers , but this came from their father 's official title as Prince of Wales .
As descendants of Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh , they could also use Windsor , or Mountbatten-Windsor -- both of which are relatively new inventions , adopted during World War I to disguise the family 's German origins .
When Prince George was born , William and Kate opted not to give him a surname -- officially he is Prince George Alexander Louis of Cambridge -- though when he and his new sibling go to school in a few years , they may use `` Cambridge '' as a last name .
January is a big month for job hunting , as all the promise of a new year sees people resolving to make positive changes in their lives .
If you 're contemplating a career change of your own in 2017 , you might want to consider retraining as an orthodontist , an economist or even a mathematician .
They might sound like tricky professions , but in fact they feature on a list of jobs that combine low stress levels with substantial salaries - up to as much as $ 221,390 a year .
The list shows that careers in maths and sciences are surprisingly low on stress in comparison to other professions .
Roles like mathematician , physicist , economist and astronomer all made the list - as did medical professions like optometrist and orthodonist .
Business Insider used the US Department of Labor 's Occupational Information Network database that gives jobs a 'stress tolerance ' rating on a scale from zero to 100 to compile its rankings .
The rating takes into account how regularly workers have to accept criticism , and cope with high stress at work in an effective manner .
Business Insider used the information to compile its list of 20 jobs that all have a stress rating of 70 or less , but still come with a healthy wage packet of at least $ 70,000 per year .
1 . Materials scientist
Stress tolerance rating : 53
Average annual earnings : $ 94,940
2 . Mathematician
Stress tolerance rating : 57
Average annual earnings : $ 112,560
3 . Geographer
Stress tolerance rating : 58
Average annual earnings : $ 74,920
4 . Economist
Stress tolerance rating : 59
Average annual earnings : $ 109,760
5 . Statistician
Stress tolerance : 59
Average annual earnings : $ 84,440
6 . Physicist
Stress tolerance rating : 61
Average annual earnings : $ 118,500
7 . Political scientist
Stress tolerance rating : 61
Average annual earnings : $ 103,210
8 . Materials engineer
Stress tolerance rating : 61
Average annual earnings : $ 94,690
9 . Biomedical engineer
Stress tolerance rating : 61
Average annual earnings : $ 91,230
10 . Agricultural engineer
Stress tolerance rating : 61
Average annual earnings : $ 78,490
11 . Astronomer
Stress tolerance rating : 62
Average annual earnings : $ 78,490
12 . Operations research analyst
Stress tolerance rating : 63
Average annual earnings : $ 84,180
13 . Actuary
Stress tolerance rating : 64
Average annual earnings : $ 110,560
14 . Applications software developer
Stress tolerance rating : 65
Average annual earnings : $ 102,160
15 . Orthodonist
Stress tolerance rating : 67
Average annual earnings : $ 221,390
16 . Computer hardware engineer
Stress tolerance rating : 67
Average annual earnings : $ 114,970
17 . Art director
Stress tolerance rating : 69
Average annual earnings : $ 101,990
18 . Technical writer
Stress tolerance rating : 69
Average annual earnings : $ 73,350
19 . Optometrist
Stress tolerance rating : 70
Average annual earnings : $ 115,750
20 . Audiologist
Stress tolerance rating : 70
Average annual earnings : $ 77,420
A majority of the country thinks it 's time for Donald Trump to log off , and never tweet - at least not from his personal Twitter account .
According to the latest national survey from Quinnipiac University released Tuesday , 64 % of Americans want the president-elect to shut down @ realDonaldTrump , the Twitter account that he has maintained since 2009 , which has amassed more than 19 million followers .
The poll found that an even larger majority of Americans aged 18-34 , 71 % , are in favor of shutting down the account . Republicans are virtually split on the question : 49 % say Trump should keep the account , while 45 % say it should be shuttered .
Trump has fired off more than 34,000 tweets from the account , and has shown no signs since his victory in November that he 's ready to give it up . In the nine weeks since Election Day , Trump has generated headlines ( and controversy ) with tweets on flag burning , the cost of Air Force One and , most recently , Meryl Streep . At times , Trump 's tweets arrive in the wee hours of the morning , seemingly provoked by something he has just seen on television .
The end of Trump 's personal account would n't necessarily bring an end to Trump 's tweets . Trump will inherit @ POTUS , the official presidential Twitter account , when President Obama leaves office later this month . Obama was the first sitting president to have that account , but all of his more than 300 tweets will be archived and wiped from the timeline once Trump is sworn in on January 20 .
Sean Spicer , who will serve as White House press secretary in the incoming administration , said last week that he expects Trump to tweet from both accounts .
China is still not a world sports power although we have won a massive haul of gold medals at the Olympics . To win those medals , we have invested too much funding and too many resources , which appears to be disproportionate compared to what we gained through the medals . The way China develops competitive sports should be reformed with a cost-effective approach .
A city in northeastern China has taken aim at a thousand-year-old Chinese custom of burning joss paper to provide for the dead .
The paper , also known as ghost money , is set alight during funerals and other ceremonies , and is intended to symbolize currency for the deceased person in the afterlife . But the municipal government of Harbin , capital of Heilongjiang province , said Wednesday that it is a `` feudal superstition '' that is causing air pollution .
In a statement on its website , the government banned the burning , production , and selling of joss paper for the 9.6 million people who live in the city and its surrounding rural areas . The ban will `` eradicate bad funeral practices , advocate civilized ancestor worship , and purify the urban environment , '' the statement said .
Any individuals caught burning joss paper will receive fines of at least 200 yuan ( $ 29 ) , and those caught producing or selling the paper will be fined 500 yuan or more . The ban comes just three weeks ahead of the traditional Tomb-Sweeping Festival holiday , when many Chinese visit the graves of their forbears and perform rituals such as burning joss paper .
`` The prevention of atmospheric pollution is one of the factors that led to the government order , '' Yang Xiaodi , head of the environmental publicity , education , and information center of the Harbin Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau , told Sixth Tone . The burning of ghost money , which is commonly made of recycled yellow paper , creates very fine so-called PM 2.5 particles , according to Yang .
According to the city 's air quality reports issued by the environment bureau , PM 2.5 particles , which are especially damaging because they can enter the lungs and bloodstream , are the primary air pollutant in Harbin during the winter . Compared to the same period of last year , the first two months of 2017 saw nine more days with heavy air pollution .
`` In the past four years , the environmental protection bureau has been continuously advocating civilized funerals and ancestor worship with alternatives to [ burning ] joss paper , such as [ placing ] flowers , '' Yang said . `` The burning of joss paper is a tradition , but whether today 's society inherits it should be up to the considerations of today 's people . ''
Huang Wenfang , an associate professor with the Department of Environmental Science and Engineering at Fudan University in Shanghai , told Sixth Tone that , as far as she is aware , it has not yet been scientifically researched whether the burning of joss paper contributes to air pollution in any meaningful way .
Cities in northern China , including Harbin , are more likely to suffer from air pollution caused by PM 2.5 particles during the winter because coal is the main fuel used for central heating . In addition , Harbin is an industrial center and the biggest city in Heilongjiang , with about a quarter of the province 's population living within the city 's administrative limits .
The government should control rather than ban the burning of joss paper , said Tian Zhaoyuan , deputy dean of the School of Social Development at East China Normal University , also in Shanghai .
The act is a spiritual medium through which Chinese people communicate with their ancestors , Tian added . `` The decision for a compulsory ban will likely be a problem , '' he added , `` and damage cultural traditions . ''
Yu Dabao headed in the Wang Yongpo corner in the 34th minute to give China the first win in six matches at the third phase of the World Cup Asian Zone qualifiers .
The victory temporarily moved China out of the bottom of the 6-team Group A where Iran stands atop with 11 points from five matches , ahead of South Korea on 10 . Uzbekistan sits in third with nine and Syria is fourth with eight . Qatar lies bottom of group after five matches .
With four games left , China , collecting five points in the provisional fifth place , still has chance to earn a qualification ticket . The top two in Group A and Group B will advance to Russia 2018 directly after a home-and-away round-robin , while the third-place finishers from both groups will have a playoff with the winner going on to face the fourth-placed team from CONCACAF zone for a berth .
`` Before the match , we knew the importance to win this match . And we worked hard to get the three points we must get . But it is not enough to win a ticket to World Cup . We need to continue this momentum and win the following matches . ''
`` We still have space to improve . We did n't play the same level as we did in the last match against Qatar , '' said Lippi .
`` In the first half , we played too defensively in front of the opponent 's pressure . I do n't want to see the same 45 minutes in the following matches any more , '' he said . `` In second half , my team was well organised in defence and created several chances to score . We still have much work to do . ''
`` Due to the injury and fatigue of several key players , we could n't field our best lineup onto the pitch . It was not our best form . We can do better in the next match , '' he added .
If you 're in China but love Paris and luxury , you should visit Tianducheng . The area impressively replicates Paris—from the buildings surrounding the 108-meter replica of the Eiffel Tower to the Champs-Elysees ' fountain . The replica is a sight to behold even though it 's less than half of the real size , actually closer to a third .
Paris in Tianducheng has a residential neighborhood around the Eiffel Tower , a gated community that protects practically no one . It is built to accommodate 10,000 people , but far fewer people than that live there .
If an English person finds their trip to China culturally shocking , they can take solace in the faux English replicas . Those with an eye for authenticity will notice that the Tower Bridge in Suzhou does not have a raising mechanism . The original has two towers while the replica has four towers connected through skywalks and elevators .
Florentia Village is a great place to visit if you have a taste for pricey Italian dining and shopping in Tianjin . This shopping center is definitely an Italian knockoff . But no matter how fake it might be , shoppers should be strapped with real , cold , hard cash .
This $ 220 million investment is nothing to be scoffed at . It 's fascinating that expensive brands such as Armani , Prada , Versace , and more have placed their shops in a replica shopping center .
Great minds at Harvard University , Dassault Systemes , and the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston have collaborated to make an impressive replica of an Egyptian 3-D world . High-performance projectors and a wide , curved screen provide a fully immersive experience for students learning about the structures of ancient Egypt .
Witnessing the replica of Greece 's Parthenon in Tennessee is n't free . Even though this historic building is fake and completely out of place , the original casts for the marble sculptures are authentic and date back to 438 BC .
In the 1920s , Robert Ilg got an idea that he wanted to construct a 22-acre park in Illinois with two swimming pools . But he was confronted with the issue of unsightly water towers which provided water for the pools . Then an ingenious idea popped into his mind to develop a replica of the `` Leaning Tower of Pisa '' to hide the water tanks . At 29 meters tall , this replica is half the size of the original in Pisa , Italy .
In fact , there are three replicas of well-known the Statue of Liberty in Japan—one each in Odaiba , Shimoda , and Osaka .
The Seven Wonders of the World are set to be recreated in Falconcity of Wonders in Dubai . The city is host to replicas of the pyramids , Taj Arabia , Tower of Pisa , Hanging Gardens of Babylon , the Eiffel Tower , and the Great Wall of China . Taj Arabia is a replica of the Taj Mahal . The luxury community is still in the process of being built after many years of delays .
Who would have known that it 's such a popular idea to live in a house that 's modeled after the Flintstones ' home ? A theme park spanning six acres is dedicated to Fred and his lifestyle . It sits 48 kilometers outside of the Grand Canyon 's south rim . The park is one of a few different Flintstones-themed parks in the US .
The Titanic II is being created by billionaire Clive Palmer . The design and decor of Titanic II will match the era of its predecessor . The replica of the iconic ship will even contain replicas of the original lifeboats . It set to open at the end of 2017 . Titanic II will not be taking its old route . Instead , it will travel from Jiangsu , China , to Dubai .
Uladzislau Hancharou of Belarus grabs men 's trampoline gold at the Rio Olympic Games on Saturday .
The 20-year-old Hancharou led the squad of eight finalists in 61.745 points , followed by Chinese pair Dong Dong and Gao Lei .
The defending champion Dong took the silver medal in 60.535 points and the world champion Gao finished third in 60.175 points .
Christian Reitz claimed the Olympic title of the men 's 25m rapid fire pistol on Saturday , the third gold in shooting for Team Germany at the Rio Games .
Reitz scored 34 hits in the final , outscoring silver medalist Frenchman Jean Quiquampoix who totaled 30 hits . Li Yuehong from China took the bronze with 27 hits .
Kimberley Brennan from Australia claimed a gold medal in the women 's single sculls in 7 minutes and 21.54 seconds in the rowing regatta of the 2016 Olympics Games on Saturday .
Genevra Stone from the United States and Duan Jingli from China took silver and bronze , respectively in 7:22.92 and 7:24.13 . Duan 's bronze is the first Olympic medal for China in this class .
China claimed its first cycling Olympic gold after Gong Jinjie and Zhong Tianshi won the women 's team sprint in the Rio Olympic Velodrome on Friday .
When you 're married or in a long-term relationship , some things are better left unsaid .
Below , marriage therapists and other experts share 10 phrases and statements to strike from your vocabulary now .
1 . “ You never do the dishes . You always just leave them sitting there . ”
The dishes are a placeholder for pretty much anything here . Whatever the issue , using accusatory blanket terms like “ never ” and “ always ” tends to end the same way every time : with you and your boo engaged in an overblown argument . Plus , there 's a good chance your generalization is wrong , said Samantha Rodman , a psychologist in Takoma Park , Maryland .
“ Nothing is black and white so telling a partner that she 's never on time or he 's always selfish ca n't be right , ” she told The Huffington Post . “ These types of statements only lead to a prosecutor-defendant dynamic , which is not what you want in your marriage . ”
2 . “ You sound exactly like your mother . ”
When arguing , stick to the issue at hand and keep the focus on the two of you . Introducing nasty comparisons to your in-laws is unfair and ultimately a diversion from your problems , said Sharon Gilchrest O'Neill , a marriage and family therapist and the author of A Short Guide to a Happy Marriage .
“ Mentioning parents can easily become mean-spirited attacks that interfere with the couple 's ability to address the underlying issues , ” she told HuffPost .
3 . “ You think you 're better than everyone else ! ”
Never put words in your partner 's mouth or in this case , thoughts in their head . There 's no way of knowing what someone is feeling or thinking , so keep the assumptions to yourself , said Becky Whetstone , a marriage and family therapist in Little Rock , Arkansas .
“ These statements are aggravating because your spouse knows that what you 're accusing them of is not true , ” she said . “ What you 're saying suggests you do n't think very highly of your S.O . It 's a double dose of pain in one sentence . ”
4 . “ Do I look like I 've put on weight ? ”
“ What you really mean by asking this is , 'I know I 've put on weight . I 'm unhappy about how I look and I need you to say that you 're OK with my current state . ' ” she said . “ These types of questions are all about side-stepping personal responsibility , plus they force your partner into an enabling role , ” said Robyn Wahlgast , a dating and relationship coach for women .
5 . “ Have you put on a few pounds ? ”
Blunt , negative remarks to your spouse about his or her appearance are also out of line .
“ Unconstructive criticism of physical appearance is as bad as it gets , ” Whetstone said . “ It 's painful because you 're suggesting that your partner is n't good enough or that they 're less than or defective . ”
6 . “ You 're a horrible parent , breadwinner , lover ... ”
Put-downs centered around your spouse 's family or occupational roles are particularly cruel , said M. Gary Neuman , a psychotherapist based in Miami Beach , Florida .
“ Negative statements about our self-identities are devastating , ” he said . “ These roles are so important and tender . When they 're questioned , we feel completely torn down . It becomes hard to forget statements like this . ”
7 . “ Ugh , I hate when you do that. ” ( Said in front of friends or family . )
Putting your spouse down in front of others is a huge no-no in a relationship , said Whetstone .
“ In this example , you are gathering people against your spouse — and what is worse than that ? It is hard to recover from such a boundary violation , ” she said . “ It causes resentment and a lack of trust . ”
8 . “ I barely know him — he 's just someone I work with . ”
It 's almost inevitable that you or your partner will develop a small , innocent crush on someone at some point during your marriage . If that happens , be upfront about it . Do n't try to sweep it under the rug with a statement that minimizes your feelings , said Wahlgast .
“ The best way to neutralize the potential destructiveness of your crush is to briefly and simply acknowledge it to your spouse , ” she said . “ Try saying to your husband , 'I know it sounds ridiculous , but I have a bit of a crush on that new consultant . He 's so funny — his sense of humor reminds me of yours . ' ”
Though it may be an uncomfortable subject to broach , ultimately , Wahlgast said being transparent about your feelings “ will create more openness with your partner . You 'll each feel more comfortable bringing up other taboo subjects in a kind and respectful way . ”
9 . “ You should n't feel that way . ”
There 's nothing more belittling or condescending than telling your spouse what he should or should n't be feeling in any given situation , Rodman said .
“ There is no right or wrong way for someone to feel , ” she said . “ Feelings are what they are ; try to understand your partner and be curious about his experience rather than dismissing what you do n't understand . ”
10 . “ Do n't wait up for me . ”
This seemingly innocent remark suggests you 're not going to bed at the same time , a habit that can be damaging to your relationship , said Wahlgast .
“ You should view shared bedtime as a way to strengthen your connection with your partner — it 's a powerful form of physical intimacy , with or without sex , ” she said . “ Saying OK to separate bedtimes enables behaviors that destroy intimacy , such as solitary porn-watching and flirty messaging with friends or co-workers . ”
The plenary sessions of the National People 's Congress ( NPC ) and the National Committee of the Chinese People ' s Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) , popularly known as the `` two sessions '' , are kicking off this week . What will be the big talking points ? We have compiled a list of 26 hot topics , in accordance with the 26 letters in the English alphabet .
The Chinese government has adopted a zero-tolerance approach in fighting corruption since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China ( CPC ) in November 2012 . In 2015 , China 's top anti-graft watchdog said it will net more `` tigers '' and `` flies '' - corrupt government officials at both higher and lower levels - and combat graft in State-owned enterprises ( SOEs ) . But how to build a long-term mechanism to supervise the exercise of official power requires suggestions from NPC deputies and CPPCC members .
Although China has eased market access in many industries and started SOE reforms in a bid to mobilize private investment and break monopolies , there is still a lot to do to achieve fair competition . Experts believe the private sector will reap more fruit this year .
In the past two years , China 's central government has prioritized the task of cutting red tape and delegating power to lower-level governments . Altogether , 798 administrative approval items have been canceled or delegated to local governments . The move has curbed corruption and stimulated entrepreneurship . More progress can be expected in the area .
In February , the CPC Central Committee published a document proposing to promote `` consultative democracy '' . Consultative democracy - defined as a democratic pattern in which , led by the CPC , all sections of society are consulted on major issues before and during policy-making processes - helps Chinese people take part in the country 's governance and makes sure that diverse voices can be heard and consensus can be reached . The two sessions are perfect examples of China exerting consultative democracy and offer a window for people to observe and understand China 's democracy .
In early 2015 , Chinese Premier Li Keqiang put forward a fresh concept at Davos - `` Two engines '' : `` To transform the traditional engine of growth by focusing on increasing the supply of public goods and services '' and `` To foster a new engine of growth by encouraging mass entrepreneurship and innovation . '' In 2015 , China is sure to take steps to fuel the `` two engines '' so that the economy can maintain a medium-to-high speed of growth and achieve a medium-to-high level of development .
CPC mouthpiece the People 's Daily has carried a series of editorials prior to the annual legislative session , expounding the concept of the `` Four Comprehensives '' , first raised by Xi Jinping in December . The concept includes comprehensively building a moderately prosperous society , deepening reform , advancing the rule of law and strictly governing the Party . The concept , drawing widespread attention from home and abroad , is expected to be the main theme of the legislative session .
At the opening meeting of the NPC session on Thursday , Li Keqiang will reveal this year 's GDP target when delivering the government work report . It is the subject of much anticipation at home and abroad . Most Chinese provinces lowered their GDP targets for 2015 at previous local legislative sessions .
2014 was an eventful year for Hong Kong . The Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect program kicked off trading . Guangdong and Hong Kong liberalized their service trade , and the Guangdong free trade zone ( FTZ ) was approved . Meanwhile , the illegal `` occupy '' protest movement negatively impacted Hong Kong 's development and reform to its political system . Differences of opinion between people from the mainland and Hong Kong have surged .
Innovation is an engine to China 's development , and reform an ignitor to the engine . As the economy enters a `` new normal '' , and growth slows , China 's economy will rely more on innovation to drive its growth .
The number of jobs forecast to be created this year will be revealed at the annual legislative session . In the past two years , despite an economic slowdown , the number of newly-created jobs has increased steadily . China is promoting employment through encouraging business start-ups , cutting red tape and delegating power to lower-level governments .
China 's fiscal and monetary policies in 2015 under the circumstances of slowed economic growth are the key focus of the two sessions .
2015 has been defined by the Chinese leadership as `` the first year of comprehensively promoting the rule of law '' . The two sessions are expected to address legal and judicial aspects in detail : for example , a bill to amend the Legislation Law .
China 's military expenditure will definitely become one of the most discussed topics during the two sessions in Western and domestic media . The question China faces is how to build and manage a stronger army in new conditions .
`` New normal '' is a buzz word in 2014 and it will be the first appearance of the word at the two sessions since it became a guideline for Chinese leaders in economic policy-making .
China became a net foreign investor for the first time in 2014 . However , foreign capital still plays a vital role in the Chinese economy , especially in improving the quality and efficiency of growth and in driving innovation . In 2015 , China will further open up its service sector , guided by experience distilled from the Shanghai Free Trade Zone .
`` We will resolutely declare war against pollution as we declared war against poverty , '' said Premier Li Keqiang at the parliamentary sessions last year . A poll has showed that pollution control and environmental protection remains one of the biggest areas of public concern ahead of the two sessions .
China will not pursue statistical growth single-mindedly , but try to strike a balance where industrial transformation and upgrading and a rational growth rate can all be achieved . The country is embarking on a development path characterized by efficiency , quality , sustainability and steadiness .
This year has been defined by the top leadership as a crucial period for deepening reform . In which fields will these reforms take place ? The government work report will give the answer .
It is widely expected that more tangible achievements will be made in the `` Belt and Road '' networks . At their local legislative sessions , 31 Chinese provinces , cities and autonomous regions said they would actively participate in or support the building of the Silk Road Economic Belt and 21st Century Maritime Silk Road .
2015 marks the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Tibet Autonomous Region . The Chinese central government 's policies on governing Tibet will attract attention from reporters home and abroad .
Xi Jinping is scheduled to pay a State visit to the United States in September . Last year , China and the United States reached consensus in aspects including visa arrangements , trade and military trust . The two sides also released the landmark China-U.S. Joint Announcement on Climate Change . Reporters will try to get some hints on how China and the United States will rise above their differences .
Authorities believe that moral and ethical education should run through the reform and opening up and influence ordinary people 's lives , with the core socialist values of harmony , integrity and fairness being cultivated .
Given China 's fast development and closer ties with other nations , the world cares ever more about Chinese views and attitudes . Attention will be given to a series of regional hot-spot issues and worldwide issues at the two sessions .
The schedule of the Chinese President Xi Jinping will be closely watched . International and domestic media are wondering what he will say when discussing state affairs with national lawmakers and political advisors .
2015 marks the final year of China 's 12th Five-Year Plan , and will also usher in the 13th Five-Year Plan towards the end of the year . The two sessions comes at a crucial period of time in between .
A year and a half after the launch of the pioneering Shanghai FTZ , similar FTZs in Guangdong , Fujian and Tianjin have been approved and may have an official kick-off very soon . Experts say they are not simple copies of the Shanghai FTZ , but more regionally integrated , targeted , and differentiated in their functions .
I recently interviewed over 200 ultra-productive people including seven billionaires , 13 Olympians , 20 straight-A students and over 200 successful entrepreneurs . I asked a simple , open-ended question , “ What is your number one secret to productivity ? ” After analyzing all of their responses , I coded their answers into 15 unique ideas .
Secret # 1 : They focus on minutes , not hours .
Average performers default to hours and half-hour blocks on their calendar . Highly successful people know there are 1,440 minutes in every day and there is nothing more valuable than time . Money can be lost and made again , but time spent can never be reclaimed . As legendary Olympic gymnast Shannon Miller told me , “ To this day , I keep a schedule that is almost minute by minute. ” You must master your minutes to master your life .
Secret # 2 : They focus only on one thing .
Ultra productive people know their Most Important Task ( MIT ) and work on it for one to two hours each morning , without interruptions . Tom Ziglar , CEO of Ziglar Inc. , shared , “ Invest the first part of your day working on your number one priority that will help build your business. ” What task will have the biggest impact on reaching your goal ? What accomplishment will get you promoted at work ?
Secret # 3 : They don ’ t use to-do lists .
Throw away your to-do list ; instead schedule everything on your calendar . It turns out only 41 % of items on to-do lists are ever actually done . And all those undone items lead to stress and insomnia because of the Zeigarnik effect . Highly productive people put everything on their calendar and then work and live from that calendar . “ Use a calendar and schedule your entire day into 15-minute blocks . It sounds like a pain , but this will set you up in the 95th percentile… ” , advises the co-founder of The Art of Charm , Jordan Harbinger .
Secret # 4 : They beat procrastination with time travel .
Your future self can ’ t be trusted . That ’ s because we are “ time inconsistent. ” We buy veggies today because we think we ’ ll eat healthy salads all week ; then we throw out green rotting mush in the future . I bought P90x because I think I ’ m going to start exercising vigorously and yet the box sits unopened one year later . What can you do now to make sure your future self does the right thing ? Anticipate how you will self-sabotage in the future , and come up with a solution to defeat your future self .
Secret # 5 : They make it home for dinner .
I first learned this from Intel ’ s Andy Grove , “ There is always more to be done , more that should be done , always more than can be done. ” Highly successful people know what they value in life . Yes , work , but also what else they value . There is no right answer , but for many , values include : family time , exercise , giving back . They consciously allocate their 1,440 minutes a day to each area they value ( i.e. , they put it on their calendar ) and then they stick to the schedule .
Secret # 6 : They use a notebook .
Richard Branson has said on more than one occasion that he wouldn ’ t have been able to build Virgin without a simple notebook , which he takes with him wherever he goes . In one interview , Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis said , “ Always carry a notebook . Write everything down…That is a million dollar lesson they don ’ t teach you in business school ! ” Ultra-productive people free their mind by writing everything down .
Secret # 7 : They process email only a few times a day .
Ultra-productive people don ’ t “ check ” email throughout the day . They don ’ t respond to each vibration or ding to see who has intruded their inbox . Instead , like everything else , they schedule time to process their email quickly and efficiently . For some that ’ s only once a day , for me , it ’ s morning , noon and night .
Secret # 8 : They avoid meetings at all costs .
When I asked Mark Cuban to give me his best productivity advice , he quickly responded , “ Never take meetings unless someone is writing a check. ” Meetings are notorious time killers . They start late , have the wrong people in them , meander in their topics and run long . You should get out of meetings whenever you can , hold fewer of them yourself , and if you do run a meeting , keep it short .
The double-barrelled first name has long been a hit in America ; since names such as Mary-Lou and Betsy-Ann first became popular in the Fifties .
While the trend for adding a hyphen has remained steady across the pond , it has n't really caught on here ... until now that is .
When the Office of National Statistics released their annual baby names list recently , Amelia sat pretty at the top of the most popular girls ' names while Oliver was crowned king of the boys .
However , the lists also raised another emerging trend ; the rise of the double-barrelled first name in UK-born girls .
According to research done by the Sunday Telegraph , more than 1,200 girls born in the UK had a double-barrelled name bestowed upon them last year , nearly five times the amount that were registered in 2000 .
While boys names have also seen a similar trend , it has been on a lesser scale ; just 328 boys were given two first names in 2014 .
For the girls , floral-inspired names such as Lily-May or Amelia-Rose have surged in popularity as parents look to differentiate their daughters from the sea of Lilys and Amelias already out there .
Donald Trump has angered feminists all over again , after a new report suggests that he has told the female staff of his administration that they need to always `` dress like women '' when at work .
According to Axios , who spoke to sources inside the President 's team , Mr Trump requires all of his employees to `` have a certain look '' and `` be sharply dressed '' at all times . But while for male staff members that mostly equates to having well-groomed hair and an on-brand tie ( `` If it 's not a Trump tie , you can get away with Brooks Brothers , '' offers the source ) , the rules for women seem significantly more complicated .
`` Trump likes the women who work for him 'to dress like women ' , '' the report suggests . `` Even if you 're in jeans , you need to look neat and orderly . '' Insiders who allegedly worked on the campaign also told Axios that women who worked in President Trump 's campaign field offices and are public-facing , but only on a local scale , `` felt pressure to wear dresses '' to impress the President .
But what does it really mean to `` dress like a woman '' in Trumpland ? Donald 's daughter , Ivanka Trump , has built a clothing empire off the back of her own Instagram hashtag # WomenWhoWork and a subsequent stream of daily posts showcasing her formulaic pencil dresses and pointed court shoes . Melania , too , favours this polished brand of power sheathing ; figure-skimming dresses , double-breasted coats and nude Louboutin heels .
Fashion retailer Nordstrom has dropped a clothing line by Ivanka Trump . It 's after campaigners called for a boycott on stores doing business with the president 's family .
The US firm says it makes `` buying decisions based on performance '' and that cutting brands `` is part of the regular rhythm of our business '' .
`` Like with everything we buy , we make decisions season by season . In this case , we 've decided not to buy it . ''
It 's true that formal and corporate environments will often call for a professional , personality-minimal approach to fashion , but - as now seems standard practice for any Trump directive - it 's sparked an instant backlash on social media . The hashtag # DressLikeAWoman has started trending on Twitter , with thousands taking to the social media platform to offer alternative suggestions of what it really means to `` dress like a woman '' .
# DressLikeAWoman - The backlash
In response , female firefighters , soldiers and surgeons have all shared photos of themselves at work , while many are also circulating shots of tennis star Serena Williams and Game Of Thrones warrior Brienne of Tarth in her armour . Racing car driver Leilani Munter meanwhile has posted a picture of herself on the track .
Firefighters joined the debate
This surgeon is dressed like a woman
A mother and son got involved
Inspirational women from across the world have been highlighted on the hashtag
It would be a bit impractical to wear a skirt to this job
People have taken it as an opportunity to celebrate influential women
`` ( Trump 's ) obsession with optics , style and TV glam are central to his being , '' the Axios report muses , perhaps attempting to explain his overzealous concern for his employees appearances . `` President Trump does n't view life through the lens that most people do ... he sees himself as The Producer , conducting The Trump Show , on and off stage . ''
Historically , being a billionaire has been a privilege of the few .
But in China , the number of super-rich individuals is swelling fast . Indeed , during the first three months of the year , China produced new billionaires almost every week , according to a new report .
The 2015 Billionaires Report , jointly released by UBS andPricewaterhouseCoopers ( PwC ) , said that Asia for the first time had more self-made dollar-billionaires than Europe .
In total , 917 self-made billionaires generated more than $ 3.6 trillion of wealth globally between 1995 and 2014 . Asia accounted for 36 % , second only to the U.S .
“ We are very optimistic that in the next five to 10 years [ the number of ] Asian billionaires will surpass the U.S , because of the high-growth opportunities in this part of the world , ” Francis Liu , a managing director at UBS Wealth Management , told CNN .
While members of the billionaire population typically exhibit similar character traits – namely , an appetite for clever risk-taking , an obsessive focus on business and a strong work ethic – they have built their wealth in different ways .
In Asia , almost 20 % of all self-made billionaires created their wealth from the consumer sector , followed by real estate that made up 13 % .
At a media briefing , Zhang Lijun , managing partner of PwC China Financial Service Consulting , said China ’ s wealth expansion is mainly due to the fever in setting up businesses and the booming capital market , Global Times said .
In the U.S. , however , the financial services sector was the top manufacturer of self-made billionaires , accounting for 30 % .
Self-made billionaire population in Asia is unique , the report said , because wealth creation in the region is more recent than in other parts of the world . Asian billionaires are generally younger than billionaires elsewhere , having an average age of 57 , which is 10 years junior to U.S. and European billionaires .
Besides , a significant proportion of Asian billionaire grew up in poverty , 25 % , compared to only 8 % in the U.S. and 6 % in Europe .
China ’ s frenzy stock market has also boosted wealth during the last quarter . The Shanghai Composite Index has doubled in value since November , and hit a seven-year high . Stocks in Shenzhen has doubled this year .
According to the 2015 Forbes Billionaires List , the number of billionaires around the world expanded to record 1,826 . Mainland China had a record 213 members on the list , partly lifted by the stock market rally . It ’ s an increase from 152 people last year and second only to the United States .
Several economists have warned about a stock market bubble . The 2015 Billionaires Report also highlights the risk of China ’ s slowing economic development and a potential negative impact on wealth creation . At the press briefing , Chen Qing , president of UBS , urged Chinese investors to construct long-term strategies and diversify investments to other markets .
A 65-year-old Berlin woman who already has 13 children is pregnant again with quadruplets , Germany 's RTL broadcaster reported on Sunday .
The Russian and English teacher 's pregnancyfollows several attempts abroad at artificial insemination over the last year-and-a-half , according to the private TV channel .
The woman , Annegret Raunigk , decided to try to have another child because her youngest daughter , who is nine , wanted a little brother or sister , the channel said on its website .
It said it would broadcast an interview with the expectant mother , who has seven grandchildren , on Monday evening and plans to track her through the pregnancy and afterwards .
It said the pregnancy had so far been without any major complications and that if everything went well , the babies were due in the summer and that Ms Raunigk would be the world 's oldest mother of quadruplets .
Mass circulation newspaper Bild am Sonntagreported the four-baby pregnancy on its front-page , quoting the prospective mother-of-17 , whose oldest daughter is reportedly 44 , recalling the moment doctors broke the news .
`` Certainly that was a shock for me . After the doctor discovered there were four , I had to give it some thought to begin with .
`` On the scan it was just clear to see , '' Bild quoted her as saying , adding however she had not considered it an option to reduce the number of embryos .
At a time when other women her age are preparing to slow down and take things easier , Ms Raunigk indicated she had no reservations about the challenges ahead .
`` I 'm not actually afraid . I simply assume I 'll remain healthy and fit . In matters of organisation I have enough experience , that 's not new for me , '' she said .
Asked about moral doubts , RTL quoted her as asking : `` How does one have to be at 65 ? One must apparently always fit some cliches which I find rather tiring .
`` I think , one must decide that for oneself . ''
Her gynaecologist , Kai Hertwig , was quoted on the RTL website ahead of Monday 's broadcast as saying that quadruple pregnancies were always a strain but that everything was currently going well .
The biggest risk for the babies is being born prematurely and doctors are doing all they can to prevent that , the gynaecologist added .
Ms Raunigk made headlines 10 years ago too , when she gave birth to her 13th child , Lelia , at the age of 55 .
`` At first , I only wanted one child , '' Bild quoted her as saying at the time . `` Not all were planned . But then things happen . I 'm not a planner but rather spontaneous . And children keep me young . ''
This is the hilarious moment a poodle dressed like a schoolboy ran through the streets on its hind legs .
The dog was wearing a backpack , trousers and jumper - as well as some pink shoes as it roamed in Changzhou , eastern China .
It ran across roads and on pavements , moving its little legs back and forth .
A group of students was so shocked by the poodle that they gathered around it to take photos and videos - and some even petted the pooch .
Poodles can reportedly walk up to two kilometers on their hind legs without needing a rest .
In addition to his record-breaking talent , he is also able to shake hands , bow , ride a skateboard and even stamp his own autograph !
Guinness World Records Editor-in-Chief , Craig Glenday , said : 'When Jiff first walked into our offices , we were n't even sure he was real ! He looks like a living , breathing cuddly toy .
'He might be tiny but he 's got a huge personality , and his wealth of talents ca n't be doubted . He certainly deserves his place in the new Guinness World Records book , which is particularly special this year because it marks our 60th anniversary .
'Jiff is just one of the many incredible new record holders in the book , and the first of many special announcements we 'll be making . '
Like all-you-can-eat shrimp or the right to consume candy and ice cream all day because your parents can ’ t stop you anymore , unlimited vacation time is n't quite as fabulous as you might think .
LinkedIn is the latest employer to offer what 's known as `` discretionary time off , '' or `` DTO '' in corporate HR-speak . Starting on Nov. 1 , the job networking site ’ s approximately 6,000 US employees will be able to take as much time off as they want every year .
Sort of .
“ The purpose is to empower managers and employees , ” Pat Wadors , LinkedIn ’ s chief human resource officer , told The Huffington Post . Employees are adults who don ’ t need to be micromanaged or wait to accrue vacation days after a designated period , she said .
But there are limits to the new policy . Workers can ’ t create an alternative work schedule , such as three-day weeks . They can ’ t take six months off . “ That ’ s a leave of absence , not a vacation , ” Wadors said . Employees need to work out their days off with their managers .
It ’ s not really unlimited vacation , in other words . It 's a tricky bit of push and pull , in which employees must figure out how much time to take off without overloading their own work schedules or those of their colleagues -- and still convince their bosses that they 're devoted employees . Wadors said that LinkedIn managers know to offer feedback to employees so they do n't feel insecure about what to do .
The company joins a number of white-collar employers who give their workers the power to decide how much vacation to take , including General Electric Co. , Netflix and Virgin Group .
The knock against unlimited vacation policies is that they may actually wind up pushing employees to take less vacation . Kickstarter last month dropped its unlimited vacation policy for this very reason . Now the crowdfunding company offers a generous 25 days of vacation a year .
Matt Yglesias even suggested in an article for Slate a few years ago that unlimited vacation is a sinister plot cooked up by the overlords to passive-aggressively force people to work more . Employees will feel too insecure to actually take a vacation , he said . That seems a bit overwrought -- these policies do seem fairly well-intentioned .
The companies who put unlimited vacation policies in place say that they trust their workers . But in order for it to really work , employees must also trust their bosses .
Generally speaking , Americans don ’ t take enough vacation . So , it does n't hurt when bosses remind workers to take time off -- and take time off themselves . Even when companies specify a set amount of time off , workers leave a lot of unused vacation days on the table . US workers don ’ t take about 40 percent of their available vacation time , according to one 2014 survey .
Some employers are getting more creative about forcing workers out of the office : One startup actually gives workers $ 7,500 to take vacation . Other bosses send out email reminders to people to tell them to take time off . Evernote gives a $ 1,000 bonus to workers who take at least one full week off in a year , according to an article from the Society for Human Resource Management .
Still , unlimited vacation is a pretty rare policy . Only about 1 percent of employers offer it , Society for Human Resource Management data shows . About 20 percent of workers in the private sector don ’ t have any paid vacation at all .
Don ’ t arrive on time , never look at someone else ’ s dinner and always kiss your bread if it is dropped on the floor .
These are just some of the table manners travellers will encounter in countries and regions including Mexico , the Middle East and Afghanistan , according to a new infographic .
Not knowing how to slurp your ramen in Japan or how many flowers to bring your date in Russia can cause embarrassment or even offend locals – but this guide has compiled several warnings to help tourists avoid a faux pas when they sit down for dinner .
Table Etiquette from around the World
Forget the pyramids , Tahrir Square and the Nile . Egypt is ready to ditch Cairo and build a shiny new capital if the government has its way .
Fed up with pollution , traffic gridlock , a packed population with soaring rents and creaking infrastructure , Egypt is teaming up with a developer in the United Arab Emirates to build a city in what could be one of the world 's most ambitious infrastructure programs .
The yet-to-be-named city will spread out over 150 square miles , or roughly the size of Denver , and could eventually be home to 7 million people , the developers and government announced Friday .
The current capital of Cairo , while full of history and vibrant charm , is home to more than 18 million people , and living in and getting around the city can be maddening and frustrating . The government says the idea is to reduce congestion in Cairo , which is projected to double in population in the coming decades .
An exact location was not announced , but the city is expected to be built east of Cairo . It will be closer to the Red Sea -- between two major highways -- the Suez and the Ain Sokhna roads .
The ambitions are big . In addition to the new embassies and government buildings , it plans to have an international airport bigger than Heathrow , solar energy farms , 40,000 hotel rooms , nearly 2,000 schools and 18 hospitals -- all linked together by over 6,000 miles of new roads .
But if the dream is big , the bill will be bigger .
The total cost is estimated at U.S. $ 45 billion , Minister of Housing Mostafa Madbouly announced at an economic development conference in Sharm el-Sheikh .
The unveiling of the new capital was paired with a glitzy website with renderings showing a lush and technological urban scape of glass towers and pools .
The plan is backed by a group that describes itself as `` a private real estate investment fund by global investors focused on investment and development partnerships '' led by Emirati developer Mohamed Alabbar .
Alabbar made his name as the founder of Dubai 's Emaar Properties , primarily known for developing the world 's tallest building , the Burj Khalifa .
Egypt is not the first country to plan on moving its capital from established big cities to rural greener pastures . Myanmar has only recently completed its move from crumbling Yangon to the new city of Naypyidaw . Nigeria moved to Abuja in the 1990 's , and Brazil carved its capital Brasilia out of the wilderness over 50 years ago .
And then there was another crazy idea of building a capital on a square of swampland that seemed mainly to be a boondoggle for wealthy land speculators at the time .
That city ? Washington , D.C .
Hillary Clinton promised Monday that if she wins the race for the White House , half of her Cabinet will be composed of women .
During MSNBC 's town hall with Clinton Monday night , host Rachel Maddow asked the former secretary of state how her Cabinet might look , citing Canada 's new Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , who picked an equal number of women and men for his Cabinet following his election in November .
“ [ Trudeau ] promised when he took office that he would have a cabinet that was 50 percent women , and then he did it . He made good on his promise , ” Maddow said . “ Would you make that same pledge ? ”
“ I am going to have a Cabinet that looks like America , and 50 percent of America is women , ” Clinton replied .
Maddow then asked Clinton if that was a “ yes , ” to which Clinton nodded .
Clinton has indicated before that she 's in favor of a Cabinet with equal parts of men and women . Earlier this month , she told Cosmopolitan that since “ we are a 50-50 country , I would aim for a 50-50 Cabinet . ”
If Clinton is elected as president , it would be a historic first for the nation . Her campaign has also indicated that she could make history again by choosing a female running mate — perhaps even Sen. Elizabeth Warren , which The Boston Globe floated as a possibility in a recent article .
A gender-balanced Cabinet would be another historic first for the country . President Barack Obama 's current Cabinet is made up of about 25 percent women .
While a strong majority of Americans — 75 percent — say women and men make equally good political leaders , women remain underrepresented in “ virtually all ” elected offices in the nation , a recent Pew study found .
The first female Cabinet member was Francis Perkins , appointed as secretary of labor by Democratic President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1933 . But it would take 20 years for the second woman to get a Cabinet position , when Oveta Culp Hobby was appointed as the nation 's first secretary of health , education and welfare .
While most of us would feel pretty damn good if we made it to the gym twice in one week , type # Trainlikeanangel into Instagram and you might reconsider your self-congratulatory pat on the back .
From side squats and planks to boxing with former champion boxers , in the run up to this year 's Victoria 's Secret show , which took place in Paris on 30th November , the Angels have been hitting the gym hard .
`` The girls generally start training a month before the casting and should they be chosen , they continue to train , often upping the intensity until the show , '' explains Michael Olajide Jr , co-founder of Aerospace where some of the Angels train .
`` Nutrition is an important part of the process . The goal is to have the greatest show body they can for the purpose of wearing lingerie . ''
So , how often do they work out ?
`` Every girl is different . There are girls that work with me twice a day and there are girls that alternate days with yoga or ballet . Every body is truly unique , '' says Olajide Jr .
Just from looking at Instagram though , it 's safe to say that achieving the toned , sculpted body of a Victoria 's Secret Angel is a full time job in itself . For those who are tempted to employ some of the techniques , here is everything you need to know ...
Boxing benefits
Boxing has seen a huge resurgence in popularity this year , especially among women . The technique not only gives you a full body workout , but it also helps improve your coordination . No doubt , with the knowledge that Adriana Lima uses the sport to get in shape for the show , boxing will remain a fitness favourite for the foreseeable future .
Strong core
Using a range of gym equipment , including a medicine ball and balancer , Martha Hunt proved that a strong core is essential . It 's no surprise that they 've all got impeccable abs .
Weighted workouts
British model Leomie Anderson has mixed up her workouts with side squats , leg lifts and weighted crunches and one-legged bends . Anderson highlighted how simple moves can help strengthen and tone your muscles .
Smooth sliders
If you have n't used a slider before , then Kelly Gale 's Instagram video is a lesson in just how useful and effective they can be . The circular discs make it easier to move , but also engage your core muscles . For those that do n't want to invest in the gym accessory , paper plates can work just as well .
The Victoria 's Secret workout playlist
We 've all got our favourite songs we like to work out to , even the Angels . `` Adriana loves house , classic rock , and even hip hop , '' says Olajide Jr. `` Kelly Gale loves hip hop , but tends to go with anything that 's playing . And Bridget [ Malcom ] is exclusively a 70/80 's girl . ''
And the post-workout snack ...
`` Visualise ice cream but drink water . It 's the best thing for you post workout ... '' says Olajide Jr .
An international medical journal 's retraction of 107 research papers from China , many of them by clinical doctors , has reignited concerns over academic credibility in the country .
Tumor Biology , a journal published by Springer Nature , announced last week that it had retracted the papers after an investigation showed the peer review process had been compromised .
`` The articles were submitted with reviewer suggestions , which had real researcher names but fabricated email addresses , '' Peter Butler , editorial director for cell biology and biochemistry at Springer Nature , told Shanghai-based news website The Paper .
`` The editors thought the articles were being sent out to genuine reviewers in the discipline , '' he said . `` Following our investigation and communication with the real reviewers , they confirmed they did not conduct the peer review . ''
Peer review is an evaluation of work by one or more people of similar competence to those who produce the work , which helps validate research .
The online notice about the retraction lists all 107 articles and 524 authors , nearly all of whom are clinical cancer specialists from China . The hospitals named are all top public institutions .
A Beijing cancer specialist who did n't want to be named said on Sunday that although there is no excuse for compromising scientific credibility , the incident reveals a widespread dilemma facing Chinese physicians who struggle to strike a balance between overloaded daily work schedules and academic requirements , primarily publishing papers to secure professional development and promotion .
`` How many patients do Chinese doctors see a day ? It can be more than 50 , '' he told China Daily . `` How can we have the time and energy to do research or publish papers ? ''
For those outside the scientific community , the response to the retraction has been mixed .
`` Hard to believe so many doctors lied in the papers . Can patients still trust them to help us treat diseases ? '' wrote one Sina Weibo user .
However , others argued that doctors ' hands may be forced by an unfair system . `` As a patient , I 'm more concerned about whether they can cure my illness rather than how many papers they 've published , '' another netizen said .
Wang Chunfa , executive secretary of the China Association for Science and Technology , has expressed deep concern over the retraction , which came just days after he met in Beijing with Arnout Jacobs , the head of Springer Nature for Greater China .
In that meeting , he told Jacobs that such problems would decrease , as China is reforming its management system in science and technology , according to a statement by the association on Friday .
Wang said the journal and authors had an unavoidable responsibility in the latest scandal , with the statement adding that Tumor Biology had retracted papers over similar concerns about the peer review process in 2015 .
Verification and evaluation should be enhanced before publication , Wang said .
Jacobs vowed at the meeting to improve management and cooperation with the association to enhance the credibility of the science . He stressed the publisher was not targeting China , as it had also retracted papers by experts from other countries , the statement said .
China is mulling a diversified investment scheme for the massive pension fund with professional help to boost the value of the fund , a senior official said on Tuesday.Yin Weimin , China 's human resources and social security minister , made the remarks at a press conference on the sidelines of the national legislature annual session .
`` The future investments of the fund will be diversified to avoid putting all the eggs in one basket . Investments will include bank deposits , treasury bonds , projects with good prospects , among others , '' he told reporters .
`` We will give full play to the market mechanism and use help from professional investment agencies to avoid risks in investment , '' Yin added .
They are world-class athletes who dominate their respective sports , so it is perhaps of little surprise that Usain Bolt and Cristiano Ronaldo are role models for many men .
But it is not just their athletic ability that men want to emulate . A study has revealed that both Bolt and Ronaldo have the body shape most desired by British men .
Their torso tapers from the shoulders to the waist , making their physique look like an 'inverted triangle ' . It is one of five male body shapes identified by researchers at well-being firm Forza Supplements , who examined the physical characteristics of 2,000 men .
They determined all men can be classified as a rectangle , an oval , a triangle , a rhomboid or an inverted triangle .
The most common shape is the rectangle , with celebrities including David Beckham and Harry Styles falling within this group . As the name suggests , a rectangle torso is fairly square and flat and there is no tapering at the hips . Some 40 percent of men are rectangles .
Oval men make up the second biggest group , with 26 percent falling into this category . Like stars including James Corden and Elton John , ovals carry excess weight evenly across their torso .
The explosion in obesity levels suggests that increasing numbers of men will become ovals over the next decade , researchers found .
Roughly one in seven men are classed as 'triangles ' . Britain 's Got Talent Judge David Walliams and the comedian Michael McIntyre are among those who carry a little more weight around the middle of their body .
The two most desirable shapes - the rhomboid and the inverted triangle - are also the least common in Britain .
The rhomboid man tends to work out heavily , giving them a solid upper torso that is slightly wider around the ribs than the waist , much like James Bond actor Daniel Craig and male supermodel David Gandy . Just 13 percent of men are rhomboids .
The inverted triangle , a shape carefully honed by athletes like Ronaldo and Bolt , is found in just 5 percent of men - perhaps accounting for its desirability .
Lee Smith , managing director of Forza Supplements , said : 'Most of us are rectangles like Becks and Harry Styles , but we long to be an inverted triangle like Usain Bolt .
'There is little we can do to alter the basic frame that we are born with but there is lots we can do to improve our body shapes and move from being a Rectangle to a Rhomboid , for instance .
'Daniel Craig is a perfect example of man who has used conditioning and hard work to achieve his ambitions .
'The most striking part of our research was the grown in the number Ovals and Triangles . If the current surge in obesity levels continues at the current rates , Ovals could become British men 's most popular body shape over the next 25 years . '
IS this the world 's first ever 'slofie ' ?
A man used his selfie stick for a brilliant snap with an a happy creature while trekking through the forest in South America .
The photo has since been shared hundreds of thousands of times on social media , including Imgur and Russian social media site Pikabu .
Commenting on the photo , one person described it as `` the only reason one should own a selfie stick , '' while another poster came up with an ingenious name for the rare pic - a `` slofie . ''
PR manager Andrew Bloch seems to claim taking the picture while on a trek through a rain forest .
Alongside the picture he wrote : `` I 'm totally against the selfie-stick but every now and then an exception comes along . ''
The typically shy creatures are hard to spot - and definitely hard to take a photo with as they spend more than 70 percent of their time snoozing or moving slowly through the trees .
But they are actually clever - keeping slow and stationary protects them from predators .
Selfie sticks have been banned at numerous high-profile events and venues in the past year - including Wimbledon and at Disney theme parks and at Arsenal and Tottenham stadiums .
People who used selfie sticks were also listed as the fourth biggest tech sin in a poll of 1,500 adults for The Gadget Show Live .
The Tech Commandments listed `` thou shalt not walk and text at the same time '' in at number one , but the fourth big 'do not ' is using selfie sticks .
There are stereotypes about almost every nationality and race , some of which are blatantly racist while others could just be seen as harmless fun .
And one of the most well-known is the old saying that white people ca n't handle spicy food .
It may not actually be true for many people , but one unidentified Korean restaurant in Toronto appears to be perpetuating that stereotype in one viral image being shared online .
The eatery 's menu has a spiciness ranking , where the least spicy rating of food is labelled 'white ' .
The picture by user peternok , which has been upvoted more than 7,700 times on Reddit , has sparked a debate online about whether or not the sign is racist - and if it 's acceptable to collectively stereotype white people .
Many people who say they are white found the menu 'funny , ' while others said it is just fuelling an unfair and untrue generalisation .
But is all as it appears ?
Several people put forward a very reasonable explanation for why the least spicy rating is labelled as 'white ' at the restaurant . They say the label is to do with the colour of a typical Korean broth .
Korean broths are typically flavoured with 'red ' spice - so if a customer asks for no spice at all , the colour of the soup will be white .
Several people claiming to be Korean speakers also said there are two different words for the colour white and 'white people ' . The Korean word for the colour white is what is written on the menu , they said .
But it did n't stop the fierce debate about whether or not the menu is racist on the Reddit thread .
Some argued that the stereotype was true for a lot of people - one man said that his girlfriend once found a dish of his too spicy even though he had only seasoned it with salt and pepper .
But others argued that they were 'sick ' of jokes about race , with one user arguing that joking about white people lumped Caucasians into one 'amorphous , unified , global entity ' .
Several people said that other Asian restaurants have served them non-spicy dishes even when they asked for it to be hot because they were white .
But others , who said they had white skin , did not find the menu offensive .
One user , linatrinch , who said she was white , argued that white people need to 'collectively chill ' about so-called 'racist ' jokes .
'It 's obviously a stereotype just like any other but nothing to get mad about , ' she said .
A Chinese tourist spent nearly two weeks in a German migrant hostel after mistakenly applying for asylum when he actually wanted to report a theft .
German media say the 31-year-old backpacker , who spoke neither German nor English , underwent a medical check and his fingerprints were taken .
A Red Cross worker later found out that the man 's wallet had been stolen in Stuttgart . But instead of going to the police the man registered as a migrant .
A Mandarin speaker solved the puzzle .
The translator was found at a Chinese restaurant near the migrant hostel where the tourist was staying , in Duelmen , near the west German city of Dortmund .
In early July the tourist arrived at the hostel on a bus with migrants , from Dortmund .
`` He was so different from the others . Very , very helpless , '' said Red Cross worker Christoph Schluetermann .
A translation app confirmed Mr Schluetermann 's suspicions that the tourist had got entangled in the asylum system by mistake .
`` It came up with phrases like 'I want to go on a trip abroad ' , '' he said . It emerged that the tourist had plans to visit Italy and France .
The man , from northern China , had calmly allowed the authorities to take away his passport and visa , and take his fingerprints .
He then had a medical check and was given the standard papers that migrants get on arrival in Germany . He had meals at the migrant hostel and received some spending money .
Mr Schluetermann said hostel staff made futile calls to various consulates , hoping to identify the tourist . An error over the man 's visa caused further delay .
Finally his asylum application was stopped and he was able to continue his European tour .
According to German broadcaster WDR , the man did not get angry but left Germany saying simply that he had imagined Europe to be quite different .
Pudgy older fathers live longer , are more attractive to the opposite sex and are better at passing on their genes than their leaner counterparts , scientists have claimed .
Becoming fatter after fatherhood due to decreasing testosterone levels may not fit the “ macho ” ideal , but it actually prolongs lives and strengthens immune systems , according to Richard Bribiescas , professor of anthropology and deputy provost at Yale University .
There is evidence that these men are less likely to suffer from heart attacks and prostate cancer , while a study in 2008 found that men with high metabolisms were around 50 per cent more likely to die in a given year than those whose bodies burned up less energy at rest .
“ Macho makes you sick , ” said Prof Bribiescas . “ The Hollywood image of the swaggering , dashing man dispatching bad guys and carrying the day conjures up a perception of indestructibility .
“ While men are on average larger and physically stronger than women , men have a considerable weakness .
“ We have a harder time fighting off infections and illness compared with women , and ... men simply do not take care of themselves .
Prof Bribiescas also argues that becoming more podgy makes dads more likely to invest their time in their children rather than looking for other women , while the increased levels of fat could make them more attractive to women .
Among those to father children later in life are Robert De Niro , who had a child at 68 , and Rod Stewart , who was 66 when his eighth child was born .
“ [ One ] effect of lower testosterone levels is loss of muscle mass and increases in fat mass , ” Prof Bribiescas writes in his book How Men Age : What Evolution Reveals About Male Health and Mortality .
“ This change in body composition not only causes men to shop for more comfortable trousers but also facilitates increased survivorship and , hypothetically , a hormonal milieu that would more effectively promote and support paternal investment . ”
The research follows the `` dad bod '' trend , in which middle-aged men were praised for their doughy physiques .
However , a Cambridge University study last year found that women searching for a father for their children should choose long-distance runners , who traditionally have very low levels of fat , because they are more likely to have stronger sex drives and higher sperm counts .
He said Facebook had been working on the feature for some time and was hoping to launch it in the near future .
No date was given for when it would be available .
Older sisters often moan that their younger siblings have all the luck . But it seems they really do have something to complain about – for research has found that younger sisters are more likely to be slimmer than firstborn girls .
The study – the largest of its kind – suggests that birth order may play an important role in determining weight . And the researchers warned that firstborns could be at risk of other health problems too .
The scientists looked at data on the health of 13,400 pairs of sisters and found that firstborn women were , on average , 29 per cent more likely to be overweight and 40 per cent more likely to be obese than second-born sisters . The findings back up similar research on men that found firstborn males were more likely to be overweight than younger brothers .
The latest research examined data from pregnant Swedish women , gathered between 1991 and 2009 . Weighed when they were between ten and 12 weeks pregnant , firstborn women were 1lb 4oz heavier on average than second-born sisters . This meant their body mass index ( BMI ) was 2.4 per cent higher . Firstborn sisters were only negligibly taller , measuring an additional 1.2mm on average .
The researchers also noted a considerable increase in average weight over the 18-year period , rising by four ounces per year .
The experts , from the University of Auckland in New Zealand and Uppsala University in Sweden , said it was unclear why older sisters seemed to be heavier . But they said the findings could explain why obesity figures appear to be soaring .
The scientists also said there is mounting evidence that firstborns are more at risk of health problems such as diabetes and high blood pressure in later life than their siblings . But the underlying causes for these differences are far from clear , they added .
Ten special stamps have been released to celebrate the Queen 's birthday , including a stamp sheet featuring four generations of the Royal Family .
The picture of the Queen , Prince Charles , Prince William and Prince George was taken in Buckingham Palace last year .
George , making his first appearance on a Royal Mail stamp , had to stand on four foam blocks bound together with tape so his head was at roughly the same height as the seated royals .
This is a photograph which will be remembered long after this week 's celebrations .
Think of it this way . When Prince George is celebrating his own 90th birthday , it will be the year 2103 .
They show the Queen : as a young Princess Elizabeth with her father then the Duke of York in around 1930 ; attending the State Opening of Parliament in 2012 ; with Princess Anne and Prince Charles in 1952 ; visiting New Zealand in 1977 ; with the Duke of Edinburgh in 1957 ; and riding in an open top carriage with Nelson Mandela in 1996 .
On her actual birthday on Thursday , the Queen and Prince Philip will undertake a walkabout in Windsor and unveil a plaque marking The Queen 's Walkway , a 6.3km self-guided walking trail connecting 63 points of significance in Windsor .
It was designed to recognize the moment the monarch broke the record on 9 September 2015 held by her great-great-grandmother Queen Victoria by being on the throne for 63 years and seven months .
In the evening , the Queen with Prince Philip , the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall , will light the principal beacon setting in train a series of more than 900 beacons across the UK and around the world to mark the milestone birthday .
On Friday , US President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama will be joining the Queen for lunch at Windsor Castle .
Britain 's longest-serving monarch celebrates two birthdays each year , her actual birthday on 21 April and her official birthday on a Saturday in June .
Official celebrations to mark sovereigns ' birthdays have often been held on another day , particularly when the actual birthday has not been in the summer .
Adidas just debuted its newest shoe -- which has a 3D-printed sole .
The German company said 5,000 of the `` Futurecraft 4D '' shoes will be available at retail stores in the fall and winter . It plans to start mass producing them next year and expects to have made more than 100,000 pairs by the end of 2018 . The company would not disclose where the shoes will be manufactured .
Adidas ( ADDDF ) partnered with Silicon Valley-based startup Carbon to create the shoe , which uses a new technology called digital light synthesis .
3D printed materials are often rigid or malleable and would n't work well for a shoe . But with Carbon 's technology , the material is springy and able to bounce back almost instantaneously .
The technology works by using UV lasers to project a pattern for a midsole liquid . The light turns the liquid into a solid and the result is a flexible , but durable , midsole .
The technology could save time and money in the production process and will allow for greater customization .
`` We can produce ... up to 100 times faster than other 3D printing and additive manufacturing processes , '' an Adidas spokesperson told CNNTech .
Eventually , Adidas plans to use the technology to customize shoes for individual consumers .
`` In the long run , we will be able to provide each athlete with bespoke performance products tailored to their individual physiological data and needs on demand , '' the spokesperson said .
11-year-old child prodigy Tanishq Abraham is in the news for graduating from college with not one , not two , but three different degrees . The talented kid from California made headlines last year as well , for completing high school at the age of ten and earning a congratulatory letter from President Barack Obama . And now , just a year later , he ’ s finished college with three associate degrees .
Last week ’ s graduation ceremony at the American River College in Sacramento was attended by Tanishq ’ s parents – his mother Taji , a vet , and his father Bijou , a software engineer . His sister Tiara , also a child prodigy , was present as well . They cheered for Tanishq as he was awarded associate degrees in math and physical sciences , general science , and language studies . He wore a rainbow colored scarf that his grandmother had knit specially for the occasion , and a cap with his favorite Toy Story-quote : ‘ To Infinity and Beyond . ”
“ The assumption is that he ’ s the all-time youngest , ” said college spokesman Scott Crow . “ But we don ’ t have all the archives to completely confirm . He was definitely the youngest this year . ”
Tanishq said that he wasn ’ t intimidated by the fact that his classmates were all twice his age , especially because he was well-received . “ A lot were really happy that there was a kid in their class , ” he said . And his parents were pretty low-key about the whole affair , being used to all his accomplishments since a young age . “ Even in kindergarten , he was a few years ahead , ” Taji said . “ It just went from there . ”
“ The way my brain works is that when you give me something , information about that topic comes into my mind . ‘ I don ’ t know what it is , ” Tanishq revealed .
Interestingly , Tanishq has been home-schooled by his mother , who put her own career on hold to teach him . He ’ s also been taking classes at the American River College since he was seven years old . He joined Mensa International – a group of people whose IQ is in the top two percent of the population – at the age of four . His sister also joined Mensa at the age of 4 , making them the youngest siblings to join the high-IQ society .
In order to join Mensa , one needs to score in or above the 98 percentile on a Mensa-approved standardized IQ test . Tanishq scored 99.9 percentile and Tiara scored 99 percentile on the test .
You ’ d think that Tanishq is probably done with books for his life , but he actually has no plans to stop learning . “ I want to become a doctor , ” he said after the ceremony . “ But I also want to become a medical researcher , and also the president of the United States. ” In a tweet , he revealed that he hopes to win the Nobel Prize some day in medicine or research . In the meantime , he plans to spend his summer on a family vacation and a Calculus II course .
Waking up in the morning is tough , and sometimes a ringing alarm clock just isn ’ t enough to jolt you out of a blissful slumber . Luckily , snoozers in Japan now have a better alternative – an energy-inducing phone call from a fisherman at sea .
Fisherman Japan , an organization whose main purpose is to make fishing cool again , recently launched an interesting wake-up call service aimed at people who have trouble waking up in the morning . Called Fisherman Call , the service literally has Japanese fishermen from the Sanriku region – one of the world ’ s top three fishing grounds – call registered users at a specified time to wake them up and strike up a short conversation that is sure to get them out of bed and boost their energy level for the entire day . Sounds awesome !
Fisherman Call is a free service . All you have to do is register online and provide your name , phone number and the time you would like to be called by the fisherman . You can even select a specific fisherman from several profiles listed online . You can see a picture of each one of the available fishermen , check out their work schedule and even listen to a recording of their voice to see if it ’ s the first thing you want to hear in the morning . Then , all you have to do is go to sleep .
Most of the fishermen provided by Fisherman Call wake up at the crack of dawn , and complete most of their daily work by 6 am , so however early you plan on waking up , they ’ ll probably be able to help you do it .
Boy : Hello…
Fisherman : Morning ! How are you feeling this fine day ?
Boy : Good , thanks . Are you on a boat right now ?
Fisherman : Yeah , I woke up at three and came out to sea .
Boy : Th… three ? ! ? !
Fisherman : We caught a huge fish this morning , I ’ ll send you a picture .
Boy : Thank you !
In case you ’ re wondering , yes , Fisherman Call is a real service , but it ’ s part of a PR campaign that aims to connect Japanese youth with the dwindling workforce of one of the oldest professions in the country . Spoon & amp ; Tamago reports that the fisherman won ’ t try to recruit you during the morning phone conversation , but the idea is to raise people ’ s interest in the fishing industry . Apparently , it ’ s already working .
The most recent update to OxfordDictionaries.com sees a host of new words added from the worlds of politics , popular culture , and social media . You can see ten highlights from the update below .
8. otter café noun a café or similar establishment where people pay to interact with otters housed on the premises : “ Locals are already excited by the prospect of the area ’ s first otter café . ”
9 . LOYO abbreviation laughing on your own ( used online in reply to a joke that others have not found amusing ) : “ A better joke next time , please . LOYO . ”
10. social fleedia noun a situation in which one or more social media users choose to close their accounts : “ Commentators are seeing a huge rise in millennials encouraging social fleedia . ”
Traffic noise can shorten your life , new research suggests . Having to endure rumbling lorries , honking horns and screeching tyres has been linked to shorter life expectancy and a higher risk of stroke .
People surrounded by daytime traffic noise louder than 60db were 4 per cent more likely to die than those where noise levels were 55db – roughly the level of a loud conversation .
The extra deaths mostly involved heart or artery disease - which could in turn be linked to raised blood pressure , sleep problems and stress brought on by noise , the scientists claim .
A total of 8.6 million living in London between 2003 and 2010 provided data for the study , reported in the European Heart Journal .
Lead scientist Dr Jaana Halonen , from the London School of Hygiene & amp ; Tropical Medicine , said : 'Road traffic noise has previously been associated with sleep problems and increased blood pressure , but our study is the first in the UK to show a link with deaths and strokes . '
In London , more than 1.6 million people are exposed to daytime road traffic noise louder than this threshold .
The study also found that adults living in areas with the noisiest daytime traffic were 5 % more likely to be admitted to hospital for stroke than those from quieter neighbourhoods . For the elderly , this increase in risk rose to 9 % .
The world ’ s first Refugee Olympic Team ( ROT ) , which will compete at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games , is almost complete . On Friday morning ( 29 July ) , five athletes from South Sudan , who today live in Kenya , arrived in Rio de Janeiro ahead of their participation in the athletics events at Rio 2016 . One of them , Paulo Lokoro , who will compete in the 1500 metres has one dream in particular : to meet Jamaican sprint star Usain Bolt .
“ I really want to meet Usain Bolt , he is someone I ’ ve only seen on television . I hope I can at least see him in the Olympic Village , ” Lokoro said , accompanied by his teammates Yiech Pur Biel ( 800m ) , James Nyang ( 400m ) , Anjelina Nadai ( 1500m ) and Rose Lokonyen ( 800m ) . Along with the athletes was the ROT chef de mission , Kenyan Tegla Loroupe , the first African woman to win the New York Marathon and who also has three Olympic Games under her belt .
With Syrian swimmers Yusra Mardini and Rami Anis already training at the Olympic Aquatics Stadium , the refugee team awaits only the arrival of Ethiopian Yonas Kinde , a marathon runner ( the last event at Rio 2016 ) , who lives in Luxemburg and will arrive in Rio on the morning of 1 August . Congolese judokas Popole Misenga and Yolande Mabika are already based in Rio .
“ It ’ s really important because I know I represent thousands of refugees around the world , ” said teammate Anjelina Nadai who , just like all the team members that had come from Kenya , was full of smiles for journalists and onlookers gathered at the arrivals gate .
“ What I can say is that we didn ’ t want to become refugees , but that ’ s what happened , ” Nadai continued . “ Now we want to do something positive for those people ( refugees ) , so maybe this is a chance to show the world our cause , so that there will be less and less refugees in the world . ”
They already have six rambunctious children at their Los Feliz , California home .
But Angelina Jolie , 39 , and Brad Pitt , 51 , are looking into adding to their brood , according to a Thursday report from UsWeekly . Together they already have Maddox , aged 13 , Pax , aged 11 , Zahara , aged 10 , Shiloh , aged eight , and twins Vivienne and Knox , aged six .
'They want to adopt a little girl from Syria , ' a source told the publication .
And the adoption process wo n't be down the line . It has already started , it has been claimed .
'It 's in the works , ' added the insider .
Though a rep for Pitt denied the story , the source added adopting from Syria has been on the By The Sea director 's mind for some time . Syria has also been on the Unbroken director 's mind for some time .
The beauty has visited the ISIS-ravaged country six times since 2012 . While there she visited refugee camps as she is a special envoy for the UN .
'Meeting these children was a heartrending experience , ' Jolie said in 2014 . 'Their childhood has been hijacked . '
On January 25 the Salt actress was seen talking to grade school children while at a camp on Dohuk , Iraq . She appeared to engage with their well as she knelt down to their level .
It was only last month that Angelina - who married Pitt in the summer of 2014 - revealed that she could not biologically have children again as she had her ovaries removed .
The icon had the operation to prevent cancer cells from taking over the organs . Her mother Marcheline Bertrand died from cancer in 2007 .
Though the looker had a very busy 2014 - she starred in Maleficent and directed Unbroken , as well as starring in and directing By The Sea with Pitt - her 2015 looks more quiet , which should make adoption , and have a new child in the house , easier .
A group of Brazilian scientists has detected a drug-resistant bacteria growing off some of Rio de Janeiro 's most stunning beaches , in research being published a month before the city hosts the 2016 Olympic Games .
According to lead researcher Renata Picao , the `` super bacteria '' entered the city 's waterways when sewage coming from local hospitals got channeled into the bay .
`` We have been looking for 'super bacteria ' in coastal waters during a one-year period in five beaches , '' Picao told CNN during a visit to her lab . `` We found that the threats occur in coastal waters in a variety of concentrations and that they are strongly associated with pollution . ''
The samples were collected between 2013 and 2014 . The superbug found was carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae , or CRE .
Picao said there is no reason to believe the levels have changed because raw sewage continues to flow into many waterways . She said the next step is to test the impact these bacteria can have when humans come in contact with them in coastal waters .
The news comes as Rio prepares to host hundreds of thousands of athletes and tourists during next month 's Summer Olympics .
Among the beaches flagged were Flamengo and Botafogo , which border the bay where Olympic sailors are scheduled to compete .
`` It 's a nice sailing area but every time you get some water in your face , it feels like there 's some alien enemy entering your face , '' German Paralympic sailor Heiko Kroger said during a recent visit to Rio . `` I keep my nose and my lips closed . ''
Kroger believes the super bacteria may have caused a severe skin infection in one of his teammates during recent training .
Picao said she believes the city 's fragile sanitation infrastructure is responsible for the presence of the super bacteria .
`` This bacteria colonizes the intestine and it goes along with feces to the hospital sewage , '' Picao said . `` We believe that hospital sewage goes into municipal sewage and gets to the Guanabara Bay or to other rivers and finally gets to the beach . ''
When Rio made its bid to host the Summer Games back in 2009 , it promised to clean up the polluted waterways and connect 80 % of homes to the sewage system .
Despite concerns , neither Picao nor international Olympic authorities recommend moving the sailing venue .
The other beaches that tested positive for the bacteria were Leblon and Ipanema , which are very popular among tourists and locals alike .
`` I do n't take my children to these beaches , '' Picao said . `` We still need more studies to tell what would be the risk to human health of this exposure through the water . ''
The FBI is investigating whether Russia was behind a cyber attack on the Democratic Party on the eve of its convention amid suggestions the Kremlin was trying to meddle in the US presidential election .
Cybersecurity experts said there was evidence the Russian government was linked to the breach which led to 20,000 internal emails being published by WikiLeaks .
The emails showed party officials had plotted behind the scenes to stop socialist candidate Bernie Sanders becoming their nominee , a revelation which threw the convention into turmoil .
Senior Democrats alleged Russia was trying to destabilise Mrs Clinton to ease Donald Trump 's route to the White House because the Kremlin viewed him more favourably .
Clinton campaign spokesman Brian Fallon said : `` There is a consensus among experts that it is indeed Russia that is behind this hack . ''
Mr Trump responded : `` The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous Democrat e-mails because Putin likes me . ''
Experts said it appeared to be part of a larger wave of Russian cyber attacks that included ones on the White House and US Department of Justice last year .
Hours before WikiLeaks published members of the National Security Council and FBI were already meeting at the White House amid suggestions the Democrats had been hacked .
It emerged that the hackers had been in the party 's system for over a year , breaching the accounts of seven Democrat leaders , and further damaging leaks are expected during the course of the election .
Donna Brazile , the party 's interim chairwoman , said : `` I do n't know the substance , but I do know there is lots of stuff that we might have to apologise for . ''
An FBI spokesman said : `` The FBI is investigating a cyber intrusion involving the Democratic National Committee and are working to determine the nature and scope of the matter .
Mrs Clinton 's campaign chairman John Podesta said there was `` a kind of bromance going on '' between Mr Trump and Russian president Vladimir Putin .
Donald Trump has no foreign policy experience and rather than seeking the advice of well-respected experts , Trump relies on his own misinformed ideas and in his own words , on his `` good brain . ''
Trump once said you had to treat women `` like s**t '' and has spent decades doing so himself by calling women names - `` fat pig , '' `` slob , '' or `` bimbo '' - and saying a man needs a woman to support him at home rather than always be `` griping and bitching . ''
Trump spouts hateful and dangerous lies about Muslims and called to surveil mosques , to ban Muslims from entering the country .
Trump called Mexican immigrants `` rapists '' and criminals and said they brought disease into the country , said you needed to check if Native Americans were `` real Indians . ''
Despite his tough talk on trade deals and the loss of American jobs , Donald Trump manufactured his clothing line in countries he rails against , like China and Mexico .
Dangerous Donald 's businesses have repeatedly gone bankrupt , leaving investors , contractors and small businesses holding the bag for his disastrous business decisions .
Economists have actually predicted Trump 's policies could start an international trade war and even destabilize the global economy .
Job requirements :
* No gaining weight on the job ( we ’ ll take some “ before ” pictures when you start to use later as evidence )
* Must be open to public humiliation and open-press workouts if you do gain weight on the job
* A willingness to evaluate other women ’ s hotness for the boss ’ satisfaction is a plus
* Should be proficient in lying about age if the boss thinks you ’ re too old
信里说： ... for KY and WVA can we get someone to ask his belief .
He had skated on saying he has a Jewish heritage . I think I read he is an atheist .
My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew and an atheist . ”
Immediately right now , we have got to defeat Donald Trump . And we have got to elect Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine .
This is the real world we live in . Trump is a bully and a demagogue .
Vogel gave me his story ahead of time/before it goes to his editors as long as I didn ’ t share it . Let me know if you see anything that 's missing and I 'll push back . Vogel
I think the best reporter to give the news to ahead of time is Greg Sargent at the Washington Post . But , the specific reporter is not as important as getting it to an outlet before the news breaks so we can help control the narrative on the front end .
If smartwatches just are n't fashionable enough for you , designers from California are hoping a smart bracelet will tempt you into the world of wearables .
The Eyecatcher has a curved , 5-inch display that wraps around the wearer 's wrist and this 'always-on display ' shows notifications from a connected smartphone .
Wearers can select which notifications they receive and even change the device 's wallpaper to match their outfit .
The female Mercury model is made from white bronze while the Venus model is made from sterling silver . The male , Mars model is made from stainless steel .
Each device connects via Bluetooth to a smartphone app where wearers can select a display design , manage their notifications and choose which widgets appear .
These include activity tracking , calendar events , maps , text messages , breaking news , and stock details .
The bracelet uses a low-power e-ink screen and the designers claim the device will last a year on a single charge .
If the campaign is successful bracelets will be shipped in February 2016 .
The widely held belief that the Great Hall of the People , iconic edifice of China 's political democracy , had little room for spontaneous dissent crumbled today when Finance Minister Lou Jiwei delivered a lengthy attack on a standing law , live on national TV .
Monday was the third day of the national parliamentary session , and the news briefing where Lou made his unprecedented statement was hosted by the National People 's Congress ( NPC ) , the body which approved his nomination as Finance Minister and whose Standing Committee in 2007 passed the Labor Contract Law which has so irked the minister .
Hundreds of reporters were present to hear the man who holds China 's purse strings , when one of them , citing complaints from entrepreneurs , lit Lou 's fuse by asking about previous criticism he had made of the law .
Those comments had been to a rather different audience , one composed mainly of academics in Tsinghua University and on another occasion at a scholars ' forum . Well-known as a no-nonsense straight-talker , Lou held nothing back .
The minister 's argument is that the law is overprotective of employees , making employers unwilling to create jobs and invest in training . This , Lou claims , ultimately hurts workers by denying them jobs openings or the opportunity to improve their skills .
`` For enterprises and employees , the extent of protection afforded by the Labor Contract Law is unbalanced , '' Lou said . `` For prospective employees , especially the low-skilled , the law discriminates against them .
`` As employees are allowed to terminate employment easily with only one month 's notice , employers lack the motivation to invest in training . Why would any business spend money on training them ? Our acute shortage of medium to highly skilled technicians partly stems from this law . ''
`` An employee may not work hard and the law makes it difficult for the employer to deal with by , for example , firing him or her . That prevents another prospective employee from taking the position . ''
Lou is not the first to voice concern over the Labor Contract Law . The draft spent nearly a year in front of the cabinet before being submitted to the Standing Committee of the NPC and took another 19 months to be approved .
In China drafts are usually read three times , but the labor contract draft was read for a fourth time , after its full text was released for public consultation .
An amusement park in Japan has been forced to close its skating rink after a torrent of online criticism over its centrepiece : thousands of fish frozen into the ice .
Space World in the city of Kitakyushu , south-west Japan , bowed to pressure to close the facility on Sunday after an online campaign denouncing the piscine graveyard as `` cruel '' , `` immoral '' and `` weird '' .
The rink , which was supposed to have stayed open until the spring , featured about 5,000 dead sprats , mackerel and other fish that had been bought from a local market embedded in the ice , some with their mouths still open in apparent suspended animation , according to local media reports .
The fish were also used to spell out `` hello '' under the ice and to form an arrow showing skaters which direction to follow .
Other parts of the rink showed rays and whale sharks that , the park pointed out , were merely enlarged photos that had been placed beneath the ice .
The outcry was prompted after the fish were featured in a local TV report last week .
Space World 's Facebook page was inundated with complaints and calls for the attraction to close .
One commenter said the park was `` disrespectful of life '' , while another said it was displaying an `` appalling lack of morality '' .
The facility 's website had touted the Ice Aquarium as an opportunity for visitors to `` glide across the sea '' in what it called the first attraction of its kind in the world .
But on Sunday , the park announced it was closing the ice rink . `` We deeply apologise to people who felt uncomfortable about the Ice Aquarium event , '' it said in a statement quoted in the Japan Times . `` As a result , we have stopped the event from today . ''
A spokesperson told the Asahi Shimbun that the park was considering holding a memorial service for the fish next year , adding that the fish were already dead when they were bought from a local wholesaler .
It is an outfit that attracts attention - and one that can stare back .
Fitted with a range of gadgetry , this fabric is covered with smart fibres that can expand and contract depending on who , and where , people look at it .
By detecting how old they are and whether they 're men or women , it knows just how much to respond .
Those features may not make 'Caress of the Gaze , ' as creator Behnaz Farahi calls it , creep-proof , but it certainly lets them know something 's blocked their gaze .
Beneath the garb 's spotted spikes lie a hidden camera and microcontroller .
They use an algorithm to spot onlookers and determine exactly where they 're looking , twisting around the wearer to match where they 're glancing .
'What if our outfit could recognize and respond to the gaze of the other ? ' Farahi writes on her website .
'This is an interactive 3D printed wearable , which can detect other people 's gaze and respond accordingly with life-like behaviour . '
It 's not the first kind of clothing to change according to its surroundings—Chinese fashion designer Yin Gao , for instance has also made clothing that moves and lights up when people look at it .
But when it comes to Farahi 's garment , its sophisticated ability to identify viewers and move exactly in line with their gaze set it far apart .
Another reason : its futuristic material , designed to flex like skin , was made by special 3D printer .
That 'allows the fabrication of composite materials with varying flexibilities [ and ] densities , ' Farahi said .
'Inspired by the flexible behaviour of the skin itself , this outfit therefore exhibits different material characteristics in various parts of the body ranging from stiff to soft . '
Farahi is n't an ordinary designer—she 's an architect and interaction designer working toward her Ph.D. at University of Southern California .
And this is n't her first foray into printed attire -her previous projects include a flexible collar and helmet .
But 'Caress of the Gaze ' is the first to directly respond to outside observers .
She made it during Pier 9 artist residency at Autodesk , getting support from non-profit Madworkshop .
And while it may not be coming to stores anytime soon , it 's certainly showing what novel technology can do for fashion .
They always have a winning strategy , know the best places to compete and what it takes to bring a trophy home .
It may sound like an elite athlete , but researchers say it 's qualities found in a new breed of shoppers .
Researchers found that sport shoppers do n't just bargain hunt for the best deals , but also for the thrill of it .
Professors from San Francisco State University revealed this new breed of shoppers and presented evidence that they have similar behaviors of competitive athletes in that they view bargain shopping as an achievement domain .
Achievement goal theory , which describes the motivational behavior of sports athletes in achieving their athletic goals , was used in the study to better understand the motivation of sport shoppers .
The study looked at American undergraduate students , who filled out open-ended surveys , participated in interviews and took part in closet inventories .
The researchers then analyzed the information using three categories : task , ego and social approval .
‘ This is somebody who takes great pride in their ability to get the thing they want at a discount , ’ said Kathleen O'Donnel , associate dean of the School of Business .
‘ It 's not about spending the least , it 's about saving the most . ’
O'Donnell is the lead author on an article published online Nov. 14 in the Journal of Retailing and Consumer Services , with Judi Strebel , chair of the marketing department , and their Australian colleague Gary Mortimer of Queensland University as co-authors .
The article , titled , ‘ The thrill of victory : Women and sport shopping , ’ will be published in print early in 2016 .
O ’ Donnell and Strebel reported that these shoppers are not only competitive , but one of their goals is to outsmart the retail system .
As of right now the data only recognizes females in this new category , but the researchers are sure there are males out there with the same shopping behaviors .
Similar to an athlete reminiscing on their past achievements , a sport shopper can remember details of the bargain items in their closets , sometimes including the date of purchase and the sale and original price .
Another similarity between to two is , this type also develops a plan of action .
Each shopper has developed a strategy behind every shopping endeavor .
O'Donnell contends the sport shopper is different from the bargain shopper in that the bargain shopper hunts for deals out of necessity , while the sport shopper does it for the ‘ rush ’ of finding a good deal .
Scope Out the Best Deals Ahead of Time : Make sure you scope out the best deals ahead of time to make the most of your time while shopping .
Make a Plan of Attack : Once you have identified the best deals on the items you want to buy , make a list of each item , the best store in which to buy it , the discounted price and the normal price .
Shop Online with Your Smartphone : Ensure that you are making the most of your time whenever you are waiting in a line to purchase an item .
Use Rewards Credit Cards for Extra Savings : Always use rewards credit cards to tack on a few extra percentage points of savings to every purchase .
Hundreds of British teenagers see ISIS as 'pop idols ' like One Direction and Justin Bieber , putting children in danger of being radicalised , the country 's most senior Muslim prosecutor has said .
Mr Afzal , former head of the Crown Prosecution Service in the north-west , said children are 'manipulated ' by Islamists and that Britain needs a new approach in the way it deals with radicalisation .
He told the Guardian 's Nigel Bunyan : 'The boys want to be like them and the girls want to be with them . That 's what they used to say about the Beatles and more recently One Direction and Justin Bieber . The propaganda the terrorists put out is akin to marketing , and too many of our teenagers are falling for the image .
'They see their own lives as poor by comparison , and do n't realise they are being used . The extremists treat them in a similar way to sexual groomers – they manipulate them , distance them from their friends and families , and then take them . '
Mr Afzal added that a community-led approach to dealing with teenagers who have been corrupted by terrorists would be more successful than the 'stale ' strategy used by the police and security services .
The prosecutor warned that unless the next government recruited young Muslim role models to help mentor those who are being radicalised , the country could face 'another 7/7 ' terror attack .
He believes that young people are far more likely to listen to people who have gone through their experiences than authority figures .
'At the moment , even the language is wrong . People talk about Isis as if they have some kind of religious basis or political dimension – a kind of glossy , glorious campaign , ' he said .
'The reality is that they 're no more than narcissistic , murderous cowboys . We need to stand up and say that very , very clearly , rather than allow kids to be drawn to them like the equivalent of pop idols . '
Hundreds of young Muslims are thought to have travelled to Syria to join ISIS , but Mr Afzal believes there are far more 'ticking time bombs ' still in Britain .
His comments came as it emerged that Waheed Ahmed , the Labour councillor Shakil Ahmed 's son caught trying to cross from Turkey to Syria with his family may be part of an extremist group .
One is a panda that typifies China , the other is a mole that has delighted Czechs and eastern Europeans for decades .
Now , thanks to the efforts of the Little Mole ’ s ‘ family ’ in the Czech Republic and Chinese Central Television , the two will join forces in a new animated cartoon series that looks set to delight audiences in Europe and China .
The series , to be known as “ The Panda and Little Mole , ” is in the final stages of production and will start to air in China from March 28 , a senior CCTV executive told China Daily .
Weijing Zeng , the state broadcaster ’ s director of animation , told China Daily the 52 episodes would be aired on CCTV ’ s Children ’ s Channel 14 from 7 pm weekly , with two 12 minute episodes per transmission .
The joint venture starts broadcasting as Chinese President Xi starts a two-day state visit to the Czech Republic , which officials say is aimed at enhancing relations between the two states at trade , sporting and cultural levels .
The Little Mole , Krtek in Czech , was the brainchild of Zdenek Miler , animator who first introduced the small black and white creature with the red nose 60 years ago . The cartoon series , famous for its simplicity , became a hit throughout eastern Europe and France .
CCTV first showed the original Little Mole series in China in the 1980s , and it rapidly gained a big following amongst children .
Chen Chao , 33 , a Beijing-based porcelain artist , was impressed by the unique artistic style of the original when he watched the animation program during the 1980s .
“ It was like a combination of paper cut and collage , and the subject dealt with the impact of human life on animal life , which in today ’ s view , related to environmental protection , ” he said .
He is curious to see whether there is change in artistic style and is looking forward to new stories and metaphors in the new panda and mole animation .
Lucie Bradacova-Gomezova , a property manager and translator , told China Daily that she prefers the Little Mole over American cartoons such as Tom and Jerry , which tend to be more violent , whereas the Little Mole is seen as gentle and adorable .
“ I remember watching it as a little girl on a black and white TV when Czechoslovakia only had two channels . Now my kids love to watch it on DVD . It really stands the test of time , ” she said .
11 . Laura Ingalls Wilder , Little House on the Prairie ( 1935 )
Wilder ’ s nine classic frontier novels were inspired by her own 19th Century childhood . She was raised in a pioneer family , and traveled through the Midwest by covered wagon . Wilder writes with authentic detail of a little girl living “ in the Big Woods of Wisconsin , in a little gray house made of logs '' with her parents , two sisters and their dog , Jack . `` As far as a man could go to the north in a day , or a week , or a whole month , there was nothing but woods . There were no houses. ” Wilder ’ s accounts have made daily life on the frontier vivid for generations . ( Credit : Harper )
10 . Madeleine L ’ Engle , A Wrinkle In Time ( 1962 )
Meg Murry ’ s father , a time traveling physicist , has disappeared . One night she , her precocious younger brother Charles Wallace and her mother – “ a scientist and a beauty as well ” – have an unexpected visitor . `` Wild nights are my glory , '' the strange Mrs Whatsit tells them . `` I just got blown off course. ” She refers to a tesseract , a fifth dimension that allows travel through time and space . With her brother and a high school friend , Calvin , Meg sets out across the universe to find her father . Their confrontation with IT , the disembodied conformist intelligence that casts a shadow over the universe , is a noirish Cold War touch . L ’ Engle ’ s Newbery Award-winning book was an early foray into science fiction for younger readers , inspired in part by Einstein ’ s theory of relativity . Meg was a first in literature : a nerdy girl whose intelligence was matched by her powerful love for her family . ( Credit : Farrar , Straus & amp ; Giroux )
9 . Ursula K Le Guin , A Wizard of Earthsea ( 1968 )
A young boy known as Sparrowhawk saves his village with a smattering of magic he learned from his aunt , a local witch . Apprenticed to the mage Ogion the Silent , and renamed Ged , he begins his training as a sorcerer . Le Guin ’ s exploration of the consequences of Ged ’ s misfires and temptations while at a school for wizards , his struggles with dragons and his inner demons , reshaped fantasy storytelling ’ s concepts of good and evil . Gradually , Ged gains wisdom as he faces his challenges . `` He knew now , and the knowledge was hard , that his task had never been to undo what he had done , but to finish what he had begun . '' `` To me Le Guin ’ s story is about learning your craft as a writer , the long and painful struggle for mastery of both your art and yourself , written in astounding prose , '' says Amanda Craig , author and reviewer for the New Statesman and the Daily Telegraph . ( Credit : Parnassus Press )
8 . Roald Dahl , Charlie and the Chocolate Factory ( 1964 )
The critics ’ poll nominated five of Roald Dahl ’ s children ’ s books – the most by any author . Poet and book critic Tess Taylor calls his work “ rollicking , funny , scary , humane and magical. ” New York Times columnist Carmela Ciuraru says , “ It seems impossible to choose just one favourite by Dahl , arguably the greatest children 's book author of all time , but he is at his most delightful , imaginative and mischievous in this 1964 classic. ” Dahl ’ s most popular among the five nominated is the story of Charlie Bucket , his Grandpa Joe , the Oompa-Loompas and the five golden tickets that take Charlie inside the factory of Willy Wonka , “ the most amazing , the most fantastic , the most extraordinary chocolate maker the world has ever seen ! ” “ Something crazy is going to happen now , Charlie thought . But he wasn ’ t frightened . He wasn ’ t even nervous . He was just terrifically excited. ” ( Credit : Penguin Books )
7 . AA Milne , Winnie-the-Pooh ( 1926 )
Milne named the characters in his classic children ’ s book after his own son Christopher Robin , his cuddly teddy bear , his stuffed animals Piglet , Tigger , the donkey Eeyore and others . Christopher and Pooh wander through the Hundred Acre Wood not unlike the forest near Milne ’ s home in East Sussex . His first adventure sends him up a tree buzzing with bees , singing a little song to himself : “ Isn ’ t it funny how a bear likes honey… ” And the adventures continue , narrated with sweet grace by a father who includes his son and his son ’ s world in every new plot twist . A playwright and contributor to Punch , Milne will be forever known as the creator of the perfect read-aloud nursery tale . ( Credit : Dutton Books )
Women should ‘ stick to the day job ’ if they want to have children after a study found those who work nightshift have fewer eggs .
Researchers at Harvard University followed 500 women who were seeking fertility treatment at Massachusetts General Hospital and found those who worked unsociable hours , or whose jobs involved heavy lifting , were less fertile .
The findings were based on the number of eggs produced by women when their ovaries were stimulated during IVF .
Women who worked day shift produced an average of 11.2 eggs per session compared with 8.7 percent for nightshift workers , a decrease of 28 percent .
Likewise women whose jobs involved heavy lifting had 14 percent fewer eggs .
“ Our study suggests that women who are planning pregnancy should be aware of the potential negative impacts that non-day shift and heavy lifting could have on their reproductive health , ” said lead author Dr Lidia Mínguez-Alarcón .
The researchers believe that nightshift may disrupt circadian rhythm and prevent eggs from developing or maturing .
Prof Alastair Sutcliffe , Professor of Paediatrics at University College London said that women who were trying to become pregnant should try and avoid night work and heavy lifting .
“ Human beings like light , ” he said . “ When sunlight hits our retinae , the serotonin ‘ happy hormone ’ goes up instantly in the brain . Hence we love sunny winter days , but not dank overcast ones .
“ So shift work is not a biologically good way to work and folks who have to do this are known to get many ill health risks such hypertension .
“ So what does this study mean ? If trying to optimise fertility , stick to the day job and leave the lifting to their partner . ”
The new research was published in the journal Occupational and Environmental Medicine .
Professor Darren Griffin , Professor of Genetics , University of Kent , added : “ Women who are trying to start a family may take the study into account , perhaps avoiding heavy lifting and unsociable work hours as much as is possible during this time , especially if they are not falling pregnant within the first year of trying . ”
After weeks of criticism , Japan 's Kasumigaseki Country Club has voted to admit women as full members for the first time .
The Tokyo 2020 golf venue had faced the potential removal of its hosting rights after the International Olympic Committee said it would only go to a club with a non-discriminatory policy .
Despite having over 200 female golfers on its books , women were not allowed to become full members and could n't play on certain Sundays -- restrictions that did not apply to men .
The IOC made it clear it would have no trouble finding another venue if the policy remained in place , and the club 's board members have acted swiftly to change its membership policy .
`` I 'd like to extend my gratitude to the members of the club for their understanding and cooperation , '' Tokyo Games chief Yoshiro Mori said in a statement .
`` Kasumigaseki Country Club is an outstanding venue with excellent courses , and we are proud it will be hosting top-tier golfers from all over the world for the Olympic Games . ''
Mori also praised the `` short period of time '' in which the agreement had been reached following the public outcry .
Yuriko Koike , Tokyo 's first female governor , had stressed she felt `` very uncomfortable '' women could not become members `` in this day and age , '' adding it should be `` a venue open to everyone . ''
Meanwhile , Olympic silver medalist Lydia Ko said she hoped the notion of golf as a men 's game could left behind in `` the past generations , '' with the world No . 1 stressing how popular the women 's game has become in Japan .
Tokyo 2020 will be golf 's second appearance on the Olympic program since 1904 after its return in Rio de Janeiro .
Skateboarding , karate , surfing , sports climbing and baseball/softball have all been approved by the IOC for upcoming Games .
There 's nothing more frustrating than trying to squeeze into your favourite Levi jeans only to discover they 're shrunk in the wash .
But there 's plenty of clever and simple ways you can revive your old jeans and bring them back to life .
From spraying jeans that are too tight with lukewarm water to sitting in a warm bath , we round up the genius ways you make your beloved jeans wearable again .
IF JEANS ARE TOO BIG
Wash them in hot water : This is the most straight-forward way of shrinking jeans that have become too baggy . Simply wash the pair of jeans on the hottest setting and remember not to use fabric softener for the best result .
Whack them in a tumble dryer on a hot setting : The best way to get your jeans super tight again is to pop them in a tumble dryer straight after the hot wash. Leaving them out to dry on a washing line wo n't have quite the same effect . Make sure you dry them on a hot setting so that fibres become constricted and snug .
Wear a thick layer underneath : Simple yet effective ! Wearing thick tights or leggings under your jeans will make them feel snugger . The type of long johns you may wear skiing are ideal but this method is only effective in colder months .
Use chalk to trace them out : If you 're feeling crafty and up to a bit of DIY , this method will work wonders . Simply turn the jeans inside out , flatten out each leg and lay a pair that fit on top , lining up the outer seam . Using a piece of chalk , draw a line exactly around the jeans onto the baggy pair then sew along the chalk line . Do this on the other leg , too , and you 'll have a brand new pair of jeans to wear .
Sew elastic onto the waistband : If it 's the waistband that 's too loose rather than the legs themselves , simply sew a 6-inch piece of elastic onto the waistband at the back of the jeans . You can buy one in your local fabric store .
IF JEANS ARE TOO TIGHT
Spray them with lukewarm water : If you ca n't squeeze into your favourite jeans after a week of overindulgence or the day after you 've washed them , then this trick will work wonders in seconds . Simply lay the jeans out on the floor and spritz them with lukewarm water . Then literally stretch them out by placing your feet on the ends of then and pulling the other end with your hands .
Do some exercise : Pop your jeans on - if you can - and practice some yoga moves , stretches or simple lunges to stretch them out .
Sit in a warm bath : As bizarre as it may seem , make yourself a warm bath - ensuring the water is n't too hot - and sit in it ; this will help loosen the fabric .
Remove the waistband : For a more permanent fix , rip the seams of your jeans 2-3 inches and cut out the waistband . Replace this section with a small piece of leather to expand it .
Hangzhou has always been the playground for Chinese princes and poets through the centuries . We can now add global politicians to that august list .
On Sunday night , at the G20 Summit welcoming banquet , Chinese President Xi Jinping hosted world leaders to dinner at the Xizi Hotel , where Chairman Mao Zedong had once stayed and dined .
It is a mammoth task catering to such illustrious guests , especially when the chefs have to consider various dietary restrictions but still display the best of Hangzhou haute cuisine .
The result is an inventive menu that shows off the ingenuity and elegance of Chinese kitchen craft . The menu was completely pork-free but still managed to showcase the fish and river produce Hangzhou is known for .
First on the table was a variety of little bites meant to tantalize and build up the appetite . These included flavored pieces of braised beancurd , freshly pickled cucumbers and smoked fish fillets .
The soup was the first indication of what Hangzhou food represents . Seasonal Matsutake or pine mushrooms were floated in a crystal clear consomme , showcasing the clean flavors that most characterize Hangzhou cooking .
Next on the table was another signature dish , mandarin fish with pine nuts . The fish is an exhibition of the delicate knife skills of Hangzhou chefs , and the sauce indicative of the sweet and sour flavors that are also characteristic of the region . Lightly toasted pine nuts , with their slightly resinous flavor , are the perfect garnish .
No banquet here would be complete if Hangzhou 's famous tea-infused prawns were not included . Longjing or dragon 's well is the green tea that grows exclusively in the Hangzhou hills . The tea grows best with water from a well which the Qing Dynasty ( 1644-1911 ) emperor Qianlong had once drunk from , hence its name .
For the Longjing prawns dish , its tender young shoots are stir-fried with crisply textured river shrimp in a marriage of subtle sweetness . The seemingly simple dish is a test for the most accomplished chefs because of its delicate balance of aroma and flavor .
Another West Lake specialty took center stage next when the guests were served roe crab meat stuffed in orange . This features the famous mitten or hairy crab from the lake . To allow guests to fully enjoy the meat and roe , the crabs were shelled and stuffed into an orange .
This is a dish with much history , having originated in the Song era when oranges were still a rare treat and Hangzhou had just become the capital of the Song emperors .
Dongpo Rou is a dish named after Song Dynasty ( 960-1279 ) poet Su Dongpo , who was also a governor in Hangzhou and had built the causeway across the lake .
This dish is usually made from pork belly , but last night the guests had a beefsteak instead . The meat is braised in the best soy sauce , and slow cooked to tender perfection .
Of course , guests ended the meal with seasonal fruit , ice cream , and coffee and tea served with classic Chinese pastries instead of petits fours .
Accompanying the meal were two special wines , a Beijing Changyu Dry Red 2012 , and a Beijing Changyu Dry White 2011 .
Food has always been a universal language cutting across boundaries and barriers . This is a meal worthy of the best international diplomacy and in choosing Hangzhou cuisine , the organizers have shown off the best of China 's fine dining .
Chinese food is well loved all over the world and Brazilian President Michel Temer , for example , has admitted to being an ardent fan . This time , however , the participants at the G20 Summit have sampled the cooking of great master chefs of historical Hangzhou cuisine , in one of China 's most scenic cities .
Schoolchildren who attend their lessons wearing no shoes are likely to obtain better grades and behave better than those who wear them , a decade-long academic research has revealed .
'Shoeless ' children are more likely to arrive to school earlier , leave later and read more , according to new research by Bournemouth University .
Researchers have observed tens of thousands of children who leave their shoes outside the classroom and found that pupils are more engaged in their lessons , which in turn leads to better academic attainment .
The research is in line with policies introduced in schools in England where children who go to class shoeless – following the steps of schools in Scandinavia in an effort to improve their academic standards and behaviour .
The study is based on observing and studying tens of thousands of children in over 100 schools in around 25 countries over the last ten years .
Apart from countries in Scandinavia , researchers have visited schools in New Zealand and Australia . The longest project has taken place in West London where children 's behaviour and academic results were analysed all the way through to university .
For decades children in northern Europe have learned with their shoes off because they are left at the school door arrival due to snow , ice or slush .
And now academics are calling on teachers in England to apply similar 'shoeless ' policies `` to give children the best possible chance of performing in their exams '' .
Experts believe having children with no shoes in the classroom improves their learning because it makes them 'feel at home ' and more relaxed when learning .
Stephen Heppell , lead researcher and Professor at the Centre for Excellence in Media Practice at Bournemouth University , said : `` Children are much more willing to sit on the floor and relax if they have no shoes on .
`` The last place a child would sit to read is an upright chair and we 've found that 95 percent of them actually do n't read on a chair at home . When they go on holidays the read lying down .
`` Having conditions in the classroom that are like those at home means that more boys are reading in the classroom .
`` In shoeless schools children also arrive earlier and leave later , which translates into half an hour of extra learning a day on average .
Wearing no shoes also means the cleaning bill decreased by 27 percent and schools need to spend less money on furniture because they do n't need to buy a chair and a table for every child as they can sit on the floor .
Prof Heppel said that because `` everything is going in their favour '' children 's academic standards tend to improve too .
He said : `` The key to attainment is engagement and if children want to be there and enjoy being there , universally they do better . When they arrive late and leave early and are disengaged , their performance suffers . Kids with shoes on are less engaged than those without shoes . ''
On his website , Prof Heppel offers advice to schools on how to implement 'a shoeless ' policy .
He says it should apply to all , including head teachers and guests and children need to be given notice so they are not ridiculed . He explains : `` Children need to know their wholly socks will not be exposed to mockery from their peers . ''
There are limitations , however . Prof Heppel says : `` Short teachers who have been a bit 'stacked ' by their heels come back down to earth . ''
So far theft of shoes left outside the classroom has not been reported as a problem .
There are no prizes for knowing that the US has won more Olympic medals than any other country since the first modern summer games were held in 1896 .
Kudos is due , however , to those who are able to name Finland as having won the most medals per Games contested relative to the country ’ s population size .
To work out how well each country fared , we took the number of medals won by each – in Finland ’ s case 303 – and divided it by the number of summer Olympics competed in to get the average number of medals won . We then calculated the medal haul against each country ’ s 2015 population .
By this measure the Olympic podium would see Finland – population 5.5 million – receive the gold medal , Estonia the silver and the Bahamas the bronze .
Finland ’ s record is still driven by its early successes . In the five Olympic Games held between Stockholm 1912 and Los Angeles 1932 , the country won 148 medals , averaging almost 30 per Games .
Part of the success is attributable to the so-called Flying Finns , a group of long distance athletes including Hannes-Kolehmainen , Ville Ritola and Paavo Nurmi .
Nurmi was one of the most successful Olympians of all time . He was one of just four athletes to win nine Olympic gold medals , not to mention three silvers , and the first to win five golds in one Games , in Paris in 1924 .
Finland has won medals at every summer Olympics since 1908 .
Poor Matthew McConaughey
In 2014 , he lost 50lb to play AIDS patient Ron Woodroof in Dallas Buyers Club , and his grueling transformation was rewarded with an Oscar for best actor . Convinced that he 'd cracked the formula , McConaughey then packed on another 50lb and shaved his head for his role in Gold . But this time , the transformation was for nothing ; reviews are middling and awards are nowhere to be seen .
Chris Hemsworth , In the Heart of the Sea
Hemsworth consumed just 500 calories a day to prepare for his role as a drifting seaman in Ron Howard 's maritime adventure . He called In the Heart of the Sea `` physically and emotionally the hardest movie that I 've been a part of '' , adding : `` Losing the weight to this length , I just never want to do it again ... in some small way , we felt like we were doing what these men went through justice . '' The movie made $ 25m domestically against its $ 100m production budget and ranks as one of Howard 's worst-ever performing movies .
Jennifer Aniston , Cake
`` There 's a level of fearlessness . I think that you have to be able to sort of go , 'Fuck it , I 'm ready to just disappear , ' '' Aniston said of her role as grief-stricken , partially disabled Claire Bennett in the film Cake . To reach that level , Aniston revealed her incredible physical preparation . `` I basically just did n't work out for two-and-a-half months , '' she explained . The film made back less than $ 2m of its reported $ 7m-10m budget , was described as a `` doughy , maudlin piece of misery porn '' .
Jared Leto , Chapter 27
To play Mark Chapman in a film about the assassination of John Lennon , Jared Leto gained 67lb by eating pints of microwaved ice cream mixed with soy sauce and olive oil every night until he contracted gout and was forced to use a wheelchair . It took him a full year to lose the weight after the film , which has a 19 % rating on Rotten Tomatoes and made less than $ 200,000 worldwide .
Mel Gibson , The Expendables 3
After becoming a Hollywood pariah a decade ago , Mel Gibson threw himself into physical fitness , cutting pasta and sugar from his diet and spending three three-hour sessions with a trainer every week until he became the intimidatingly bulky villain he 'd play in The Expendables 3 , which made $ 60m less than the first Expendables film , $ 45m less than the second Expendables film , earned Mel Gibson a Golden Raspberry award .
Women using the Tinder dating app are getting what they want from men - and it ’ s not necessarily fancy dinners or one-night stands .
Rather than seeking the perfect partner , a growing number of women are said to be ‘ swiping right ’ to find a man to do their household chores and DIY .
Tinder users have told how they use the App to find men to fit air conditioners , shovel snow and move furniture - all with no strings attached .
Now experts believe the trend could spread to the UK .
Disillusioned by her efforts to find a suitable date on Tinder , one user , Fiona Bloom , 47 , decided to try another tack .
‘ I ’ ve tried speed dating and all the dating Apps , but every time I put my real age , all I get are idiots and losers , ’ she told the New York Post. ‘ I figured , why not make them useful and have them help me around the house ? ’
She found a match with a man wearing overalls and wielding a hammer in his profile photo and invited him over to install her air conditioning .
‘ I wasn ’ t attracted to him , but he was very forthcoming , ’ she explained .
After he successfully carried out the installation , Bloom asked him to leave and didn ’ t answer his messages asking her to go on a proper date .
‘ Men are hard-wired to feel strong and be a provider , she told the New York Post . ‘ I don ’ t feel guilty using them for a little help . ’
Susan Zalkind , 27 , managed to find two men on Tinder to help dig her car out after it was twice buried in snow in Boston last winter .
‘ In less than 15 minutes I got eleven matches and three offers , ’ she said , referring to a Tinder request she posted that read : ‘ Looking for someone to shovel out my car . Nothing complicated , no strings attached , just please shovel out my car . Thanks so much . ’
Ted , the first volunteer , showed up ‘ with a shovel and an ice pick and did not kill me , ’ she said .
In fact , he freed her car and appeared to be happy as a reward with coffee and scones . After a second storm , she was less lucky .
‘ I made 74 right swipes , got 35 matches , and 11 offers to shovel , ’ she wrote . ‘ There were only two reliable contenders .
‘ I tried to keep an open mind - that is , until he told me he had a wife , ’ added Miss Zalkind .
‘ In another situation , the wife thing would have been a deal-breaker . But so long as he kept digging , at least it wasn ’ t a total waste of my time . ’
Lori , a 24-year-old social media editor from New York , found her current boyfriend by asking on Tinder for someone to install her air conditioner .
‘ I sent him a selfie of me sweating in my room , and he came over like a knight in shining armour , ’ she said of her now-boyfriend , Andrew , 28 , whom she met on Tinder in 2014 .
‘ I think men really like a damsel in distress . ’
Expert opinion was split over whether the App should be used to choose men for odd jobs rather than romance .
Dating site expert Marni Kinrys said she couldn ’ t see the harm as long as the woman was upfront about her practical needs , saying : ‘ If a man thinks waxing a woman ’ s floors will get him action , why not ? This could be a great starting point for both parties to get to know each other . ’
Los Angeles-based dating coach Evan Marc Katz wasn ’ t so sure. ‘ It just seems so transparently selfish , ’ he said . ‘ It ’ s equivalent to the guy who has sex with a stranger and never calls her again .
‘ You get the wrong guy on the wrong day , and he has anger issues and yeah - it could be a bad situation , ’ Katz told the Post .
Kinrys warned men not to try the same trick by swiping right to get women over to cook or do the ironing .
‘ I know no single woman in New York City who would ever do a man ’ s chores…they should go on Craigslist instead . ’
Mike Pence
Vice President
Former Governor of Indiana
Mr Pence served in the US House of Representatives from 2003 to 2013 . He has built a reputation as a hard line opponent of abortion .
As governor of Indiana , Pence signed the most abortion-restrictive regulations in the nation , banning abortion even in cases where the fetus has a “ genetic abnormality ” such as Down syndrome and holding doctors legally liable if they had knowingly performed such procedures .
Rex Tillerson
Secretary of State
Former ExxonMobil CEO
The nominee for Secretary of State has worked for ExxonMobil for 41 years ; he became CEO in 2006 . During his tenure as chief executive , he brokered a deal with Russia valued at approximately $ 500bn . The arrangement earned Mr Tillerson the Russian Order of Friendship , the highest honour for a foreign national .
Gen James Mattis
Secretary of Defence
Retired Marine General
Mr Mattis is best known for leading the Marines during the 2004 Battle of Fallujah in Iraq . He had previously ignited controversy for making light of killing people during battle during 2005 remarks , bragging that “ it ’ s fun to shoot some people ” .
Gen John Kelly
Homeland Security Secretary
Retired Marine General
Mr Kelly served almost five decades in the US Marine Corps , during which time he was responsible for all military activities in Central and South American while leading the US Southern Command .
Jeff Sessions
Attorney General
Alabama Senator
The Alabama senator supports tough measures on immigration and criminal justice .
Steven Mnuchin
Treasury Secretary
Former Goldman Sachs executive ; Hollywood producer
Although Mr Trump campaigned on the platform of removing Wall Street influence from Washington politics , he nominated Mr Mnuchin , who spent much of his career working for Goldman Sachs .
Ryan Zinke
Interior Secretary
Montana congressman ; former Navy Seal
Mr Zinke studied geology during his undergraduate studies and would be in charge of overseeing National Parks and other land development issues .
Wilbur Ross
Commerce Secretary
Investor
Mr Ross represented Donald Trump when he found himself in financial trouble during the mismanagement of three of his failed Atlantic City casinos in the 1980s .
The investor has a fortune of $ 2.9bn and has said that he will impose sweeping changes to the North American Free Trade Agreement .
Elaine Chao
Transportation Secretary
Former Labour Secretary under George W Bush ; Former Deputy Transportation Secretary under George HW Bush
Ms Chao will be in charge of implementing the infrastructure reforms if Mr Trump does , in fact , carry out his promise to rebuild roads and bridges .
Betsy DeVos
Education Secretary
Former Michigan Republican Party chair
Ms Devos ’ contentious confirmation hearing was met with ridicule when she said teachers may need “ a gun in the school to protect from potential grizzlies ” , referring to a Wyoming elementary school .
Rick Perry
Energy Secretary
Former Governor of Texas
The former Texas Governor will be overseeing one of the departments he had previously argued to dissolve in his failed presidential bid in 2012 .
He will be in charge of overseeing the United States ’ nuclear arsenal .
Tom Price
Health and Human Services Secretary
Georgia congressman ; former orthopaedic surgeon
Ben Carson
Secretary of Housing and Urban Development
Neurosurgeon
Mr Carson , who ran for president , said that he was not qualified to run a government agency , but he still accepted Mr Trump ’ s nomination to oversee the nation ’ s affordable housing programme .
He has repeatedly criticised social assistance programmes , stoking concerns of fair-housing advocates .
Nikki Haley
UN Ambassador
South Carolina Governor
Scott Pruitt
EPA Administrator
Oklahoma attorney general
It is a world where the most intimate feelings and desires can be portrayed with a single emoticon .
And it seems the fleeting nature of social media and texting is having an impact on the English language as the words we most frequently use are getting shorter .
Helen Newstead , the head of language content at Collins , said its 2016 `` words of the year '' list has been strongly influenced by the younger generation and not only includes current words like Brexit but also short phrases from social media and a four-letter acronym ; Jomo .
Jomo stands for the joy of missing out and is used when one decides to pass up on a party invitation without any fear of missing the event .
It is thought to be the first time an acronym has been included on the Collins list , which has been issued since 2012 and celebrates terms that have enjoyed a significant rise in usage .
The term joins “ throw shade ” , a verb which describes when someone publicly shows contempt , and mic drop , the act of pretending to drop a microphone after speaking .
The latter , which experts said was being used around 14 times more than last year , has been made particularly popular on Twitter and Facebook with celebrities , politicians and members of the Royal family , including Prince Harry and Barack Obama , miming the gesture in viral videos and GIFs .
Other popular terms identified by Collins include dude food , junk food considered particularly appealing to men , sharenting , the habitual use of social media to share images or news about children , and uberisation , a business model where services are offered directly to a customer , for example via a mobile phone .
2016 | Collins Words of the Year
Brexit ( noun ) :
The withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union
Dude food ( noun ) :
Junk food such as hot dogs or burgers , which are considered particularly appealing to men
Hygge ( noun ) :
A concept , originating in Denmark , of creating cosy and convivial atmospheres that promote well-being
Jomo ( noun acronym , joy of missing out ) :
Pleasure gained from enjoying ones current activities without worrying that other people are having more fun
Mic drop ( noun ) :
A theatrical gesture in which a person drops ( or imitates the action of dropping ) a hand-held microphone to the ground as the finale to a speech or performance
Sharenting ( noun ) :
The habitual use of social media to share news and images of one 's children
Snowflake generation ( noun ) :
The young adults of the 2010s , who are viewed as being less resilient and more prone to taking offence than previous generations
Throw shade ( verb ) :
To make a public show of contempt for someone or something , often in a subtle or non-verbal manner
( 1 ) the policies advocated by the US politician Donald Trump , especially those involving a rejection of the current political establishment and the vigorous pursuit of American national interests ( 2 ) a controversial or outrageous statement attributed to Donald Trump
Uberization ( noun ) :
The adoption of a business model in which services are offered on demand through direct contact between a customer and supplier , usually via mobile technology .
The list also carries on last year 's theme and reflects that many now strive to live sensible lives , which focus on well-being .
The use of hygge , the concept of creating a cosy and convivial atmosphere , has almost doubled since last year , experts said .
Ms Newstead put the changing nature of language down to social media where space is often restricted and messages are sent in haste .
An analysis of the previous `` words of the year '' lists by The Telegraph shows the average length of a one-word term has decreased from 9.3 letters per word to 7.3 in the last four years .
`` Most of this year 's words are used by or related to the generation born towards the end of the last century their contribution to the constant evolution of the English language should not be overlooked '' , she said .
Ms Newstead said words that end up on the final cut are often ones that encapsulate a social trend .
This year , the experts decided the word of the year was Brexit after it saw an unprecedented upsurge of more than 3,400 percent .
Previous winning words have included binge-watch , photobomb and geek .
It 's reassuring to know even one of the most recognisable women in the world does embarrassing things in public .
Witness Courtney Cox having an obvious , stonking row with her fiancé outside a packed West London restaurant this week .
Whether you were mortified for her ( What did he do to provoke her into making a scene ? ) or him ( How mortifying to have Monica shouting at you in public ! ) , the end result is the same : mutual humiliation .
Spousal embarrassment is something every couple experiences at some point - and it 's never pleasant .
Our partners represent us : they 're not like family ( who you ca n't choose ) or friends ( who you can but somehow are n't as personal a reflection of ourselves ) . |
If our partners make a fool of themselves , we look bad because we 're judged by the company we keep .
How many of the following is YOUR partner guilty of - or , dare I say it , you！
THE TOP 20 THINGS OUR PARTNER 'S DO TO EMBARRASS US IN PUBLIC
1 . Arguing
Whether you 're the one raising your voice and making angry hand gestures ( Courtney Cox style ) or on the receiving end ( Johnny McDaid ) , having a row where others can see or hear us , is high on most people 's 'Please No ' list .
2 . Spilling secrets
Letting your less-well-off friends know exactly how much you spent on your house/sofa/bag ; telling your boss how you frequently stay up late binging on box sets ; how you pick your toenails when you 're sitting on the sofa or revealing dark secrets from your past .
3 . Giving intimate details of your sex life
What you get up to , how often you have it ( particularly galling if it 's not impressive ) . |
4 . Political rants
Something most of us can relate to post-Brexit .
It 's one thing having a lively debate , quite another pointing fingers , going red in the face and refusing to let others change the subject .
5 . Swearing
We 've all let off the odd 'F-bomb ' but a partner who does that ( or worse ) every sentence , when you 're out with your parents and their friends , is n't endearing .
6 . Bad language
'Was ' instead of 'were ' , using completely the wrong word or in the wrong context… all make you wince if you 're around well-spoken friends or family .
The flipside is a partner who deliberately talks 'above ' the people you 're with , using words no one else understands to show off .
7 . Shocking table manners
Up there with partners who get horrendously drunk are partners who start eating before everyone else , talk with their mouths full , drop egg down their top , do n't put their knives and forks together when they 're finished .
8 . Getting drunk
It 's the most common partner faux pas but that does n't make it any less painful for the partner forced to smile as their other half demonstrates how twerking should really be done .
9 . Being too frisky or over-affectionate
But definitely not all .
10 . Bad clothing choices
Clashing colours , clothes too short , too tight , out of fashion , inappropriate or just wrong makes us flush for obvious reasons : our partner does n't even need to say anything to embarrass us .
All they need to do is stand there !
11 . Sexual innuendo or flirting
Double entendres , sexist comments , flirting with your friends , your granny , your boss – and the list goes on .
12 . Bad jokes
Nothing creates a false smile quicker than someone who tells jokes that seriously are n't at all funny – and does n't know when to admit defeat when the crowd are n't responding .
13 . Burping or worse |
Done accidentally , it falls into the 'Emphatic ' embarrassment category . Done deliberately , it 's plain childish .
14 . Insensitive comments or behaviour
Your best friend 's just broken down in tears over the recent death of a parent , your partner interrupts your consoling to ask 'Can I have that last piece of chicken ? ' or tells your friend who 's struggling to conceive to buy a cat .
15 . Desperately embarrassing dancing
Oh the shame , the shame .
16 . Openly criticising
The husband who 's always saying things like 'Really ? Second helpings ? ' or 'I think you 'll find Zoe did n't quite understand your point there . What she really meant to say was ... . '
17 . Constant put-downs
Some people think sarcastic put-downs are witty and if your partner 's like it with everyone , it might not be directed at you .
But if they treat everyone else with respect except for you , it 's time for counselling .
18 . Being clumsy
Some people are just clumsy ( me ) , so really ca n't help spilling drinks all over everyone , smashing glasses on a regular basis , bumping into people carrying delicate things ( all me ) .
I do n't have a leg to stand on here , so instantly forgive anything clumsy my partner does but appreciate it is n't easy taking a partner who 's a walking time bomb to precarious places ( like department stores ) .
19 . Repeating stories
Everyone goes on a loop when they 're drunk – which is fine if everyone else is as well .
Not so forgivable if your partner 's the only one who 's been knocking back the sherry and everyone else is having to laugh at something they 've now heard 65 times .
20 . Boasting
Not a good look for anyone but particularly shaming when it 's your partner blowing smoke up their own backside .
America has the bald eagle , France the Gallic rooster and India the peacock . That Britain , a nation of animal lovers , does not have a bird to call its own , has spurned ornithologist David Lindo to action with a campaign to find our national bird .
He said : `` I want to encourage the great British public to vote for the bird that best represents all that is great about this nation . ''
More than 70,000 people voted in the first round to whittle it down to a shortlist of 10 and members of the public now have six weeks to choose which British bird they would like to see represent the country , he said .
The 10 most popular birds which have been voted for the by the public are the robin , kingfisher , barn owl , blue tit , wren , blackbird , puffin , mute swan , red kite and hen harrier .
Mr Lindo said : `` Along with the expected contenders - the friendly robin , charismatic puffin and elegant swan - there is one major surprise , the hen harrier , one of England 's rarest breeding birds .
`` Down to just one breeding pair a couple of years ago , it may already be extinct . Could the majestic hen harrier knock the hot favourite robin off its perch ? ''
Although Mr Lindo says he is supposed to remain impartial he claims his vote would go to the blackbird whose birdsong reminds him of growing up and `` lazy , hazy sunny days '' .
The final round of voting forBritain 's National Bird Campaign closes on May 7 , the day of the general election .
Mr Lindo said he will be speaking to the Government once the public has voted to see if the winner can officially be made Britain 's national bird .
The world 's first health app could monitor people 's glucose levels without breaking the skin - a development which has been described as the 'holy grail ' in diabetes care .
The Epic app could also help people find out if they could develop diabetes and need to make lifestyle changes to avoid it becoming a reality .
Users will be able to find out how different food types affect their body ; for example , what a can of coke will do to their sugar levels or heart rate or how a plate of broccoli lowers their blood pressure .
It will also be possible to see how exercise or supplements affect vital statistics .
Users will only have to place one fingertip over the camera lens of their smartphone , the London-based firm has stated .
A series of close-up images are taken which accurately show information about the user 's blood flow .
These are then sent to the cloud for analysis and can provide feedback on all kinds of vital information - from heart rate to temperature to blood pressure .
It can also tell people about their respiration and blood oxygen saturation .
SMBG ( self-monitored blood glucose ) is recommended for all people with diabetes and the clinical benefits are widely accepted .
Developers say the app will be available to download - free of charge - on Android smartphone devices and iOS at the end of this year .
Almost all pre-existing glucose monitoring equipment is invasive - and many companies including Apple have talked of trying to develop a non-invasive method of testing .
Diabetes is a chronic disease that occurs either when the pancreas does not produce enough insulin or when the body can not effectively use the insulin it produces .
Insulin is a hormone that regulates blood sugar .
The number of people with diabetes has risen from 108 million in 1980 to 422 million in 2014 .
Another development of the app means that users will be able to measure their Insulin Resistance levels in a completely non-invasive way , to determine if they are pre-diabetic .
To measure this , the Epic app measures the variation in user 's pulse which is related to blood glucose concentration .
It is far less complex and more accurate than other ways of monitoring , developers say .
If you 're pushing your 30th birthday , then relax - because you 're only just an adult .
Britain 's Peter Pan generation is refusing to grow up , which is making 29 the 'new 21 ' .
According to research , the nation 's 20-somethings are leaving adult responsibilities like moving out of the family home and getting married until their early 30s , later than any previous generation .
Just 40 years ago teenagers grew up much quicker - and in the Seventies were habitually hitched by 23 , had their first child at 26 and got the keys to their own pad by 27 .
But a study has found today 's college and university leavers will be unlikely to have their own property until they reach 36 .
And the average age of having a child is 30 , while the sound of wedding bells will not be heard until they are 31 .
While 21 is traditionally seen as a coming of age , the survey for insurance firm Beagle Street found the average 20-something does not feel like a grown-up until 29 .
Its study found signs of delayed adulthood include living at home and relying on parents to do the household chores , not having a nine-to-five job , playing computer games and watching kids movies like Inside Out and Frozen .
A fear of responsibility was also a reason for wanting to stay young , along with not learning to drive or setting up a bank account .
But true signs of becoming a fully fledged adult were buying a property , doing DIY , paying into a pension scheme and looking forward to a night in .
Ten signs of not growing up
1 . Relying on parents to do household chores
2 . Living at home longer
3 . Playing computer games
4 . Watching kids movies
5 . Watching cartoons
6 . Not having any responsibilities
7 . Not wanting a real or a nine to five job
8 . Desire to travel and see the world
9 . Idolising juvenile adults on TV like Smithy in Gavin and Stacey
10 . A lack of real life education like learning to drive or setting up a bank account
Ten signs you are a fully fledged adult
1 . Buying your first home
2 . Becoming a parent
3 . Getting married
4 . Paying into a pension scheme
5 . Becoming house proud
6 . Taking out life insurance
7 . Looking forward to a night in
8 . Doing DIY
9 . Hosting dinner parties
10 . Having a joint bank account
Taobao ’ s weird and wonderful rain accessories that ’ ll keep you dry and lookin ’ fly .
Given how exceptionally dry our fair city is , the arrival of the odd rainy day naturally leads us to question just who is responsible ; Mother Nature or Mother Seed-a-cloud ? As summertime arrives , we must also reluctantly welcome in Beijing ’ s rainy season , and with around 75 percent of the capital ’ s annual rainfall likely to tumble down over the next three months , precautions need to be taken . Here ’ s our guide to Taobao ’ s weird and wonderful rain accessories that ’ ll keep you dry and lookin ’ fly during the impending dampness .
High heel protector
A little torrential downpour shouldn ’ t mean you need to compromise on fashion , nor lose two inches of height , so keep your high heels dry and tower above the puddles with these zippable plastic covers . 14.5RMB
Face Mask
It ’ s perfect for a windy , rain-drenched scooter commute , and a tinted UV-protecting model is also available for protecting your skin from the sun when the storm clouds pass . 10RMB
Two-person scooter poncho
With the aid of this innovative plastic poncho , passenger and pilot alike can share in the wonder of dryness , and maybe even re-enact E.T. ’ s flying finale . 35RMB
Umbrella hat
Need to stay dry but can ’ t bear to peel your hands away from your smartphone for even 5 minutes ? Never fear , the hands-free , double-tiered umbrella is here ! Your personal parasol is the convenient canopy you ’ ve been waiting for , and its adjustable chin strap means that even the most tempestuous of storms won ’ t hold you back . 32RMB
UFO rain cover
An alien relative of the umbrella hat , this Unidentified Fashionable Object will not only keep the raindrops off you , but also dramatically increase your circumference , putting more distance between you and personal space invaders . A fun umbrella alternative for kids and adults alike . 30RMB
US scientists have amassed `` planetary-scale '' data from people 's smartphones to see how active we really are .
The Stanford University analysis of 68 million days ' worth of minute-by-minute data showed the average number of daily steps was 4,961 .
China was top averaging more than 6,000 a day , while Indonesia was bottom of the rankings with just 3,513 .
But the findings also uncovered intriguing details that could help tackle obesity .
Most smartphones have a built-in accelerometer that can record steps and the researchers used anonymous data from more than 700,000 people who used the Argus activity monitoring app .
Scott Delp , a professor of bioengineering and one of the researchers , said : `` The study is 1,000 times larger than any previous study on human movement .
Activity inequality
The findings have been published in the journal Nature and the study authors say the results give important insights for improving people 's health .
The average number of steps in a country appears to be less important for obesity levels , for example .
The key ingredient was `` activity inequality '' - it 's like wealth inequality , except instead of the difference between rich and poor , it 's the difference between the fittest and laziest .
The bigger the activity inequality , the higher the rates of obesity .
Tim Althoff , one of the researchers , said : `` For instance , Sweden had one of the smallest gaps between activity rich and activity poor ... it also had one of the lowest rates of obesity . ''
The United States and Mexico both have similar average steps , but the US has higher activity inequality and obesity levels .
The researchers were surprised that activity inequality was largely driven by differences between men and women .
In countries like Japan - with low obesity and low inequality - men and women exercised to similar degrees .
But in countries with high inequality , like the US and Saudi Arabia , it was women spending less time being active .
Jure Leskovec , also part of the research team , said : `` When activity inequality is greatest , women 's activity is reduced much more dramatically than men 's activity , and thus the negative connections to obesity can affect women more greatly . ''
The Stanford team say the findings help explain global patterns of obesity and give new ideas for tackling it .
For example , they rated 69 US cities for how easy they were to get about on foot .
The smartphone data showed that cities like New York and San Francisco were pedestrian friendly and had `` high walkability '' .
Whereas you really need a car to get around `` low walkability '' cities including Houston and Memphis .
Unsurprisingly , people walked more in places where it was easier to walk .
The researchers say this could help design town and cities that promote greater physical activity .
The Macao Special Administrative Region is standing at a critical juncture in transforming from a gaming hub into a world-leading tourism and leisure center with a diversified economy , a senior Macao official said at a meeting with deputies to the National People 's Congress on Thursday .
It is a major test for the SAR government to act proactively before the gambling industry hits an inflection point , and Macao must chart a careful course at this critical time , said Li Gang , director of the Liaison Office of the Central People 's Government in Macao at a meeting with Macao NPC deputies .
`` A midterm review of the current development of the gaming industry scheduled this year is expected to build consensus among society on how to meet the challenge , '' Li said .
The latest data from the SAR 's Gaming Inspection and Coordination Bureau shows that Macao 's gross gaming revenue dropped 48.6 percent in February to 19.5 billion patacas ( $ 2.45 billion ) , its steepest ever year-on-year decline .
Li said he believes that the downward pressure on the mainland economy has resulted in a significant decline of customers to VIP rooms , which is the major cause of the recent sluggish revenue for gaming houses . The crackdown on corruption is just part of the problem , Li said .
`` We noticed that some of the casinos are not performing their promises to diversify their business and provide more services for retailing , conferencing and exhibitions , '' Li said .
The review is not about reissuing the existing gambling licenses , due in 2020 , said Lionel Leong Vai Tac , Macao 's secretary for economy and finance .
`` The gaming companies control the most resources in Macao . We should take full advantage of this review to change the wait-and-see stance the industry takes . And we believe it 's reasonable to grow nongaming industries with the help of gambling houses , `` Leung said .
To avoid derailing Macao 's phenomenal growth－its per capita GDP now ranks fourth in the world－the city is gearing itself up as a leading global tourism and leisure center , as well as a major platform to facilitate trade and business between Portuguese speaking regions .
However , such a diversified economy , Li said , can not be realized at the cost of sacrificing gaming interests , which are the pillar industry of Macao .
Instead , the SAR 's government should encourage the gaming houses to embrace the transition , a period estimated to last 20 to 30 years , he said .
Hello Kitty will appear in an animated feature set for release in 2019 , according to an article by Deadline . The white Japanese bobtail cat with a red bow and six symmetrical whiskers will star in the film project with an estimated budget of $ 160 million to $ 240 million .
Hello Kitty was created in 1975 by the Sanrio lifestyle company that specializes in the cute sector of Japanese popular culture . The company 's managing director Rehito Hatoyama will oversee the Hello Kitty film project . Hello Kitty , according to her official character profile , was born in the suburbs of London and her full name is Kitty White . The character 's height has been described as five apples tall and her weight as three apples . Hello Kitty has been portrayed as a friendly and kind girl and has been well received over the decades .
The character early was marketed to young girls with products ranging from dolls to school supplies to backpacks . Sanrio has since expanded the target market to include teenagers and adults with branded products such as purses , luggage and laptops . The Japanese icon last year was worth about $ 7 billion .
As a coping strategy when dealing with literary snobs ( who will judge you to your face because you haven ’ t read the books they have ) , you sometimes have to pretend you ’ ve read a book you haven ’ t .
But how do you go about pretending you ’ ve read a book with confidence ? What happens if you ’ re caught out in a lie ?
Fortunately you can deduce many facts about classic books by looking at their covers , reading the contents page , and paying attention to the way they are referenced in popular culture . I ’ ve provided a handy outline as to how you can pretend to have read five classic novels . And please note that no disrespect is meant to these books or those who love them !
1 . Moby Dick by Herman Melville
Clearly this one has a nautical theme . Look at the cover ! Also , the book ’ s full title is Moby Dick or The Whale . So boats , a whale . It ’ s a well respected book so it ’ s fairly safe to assume that it ’ s not told from the perspective of the whale , therefore there has to be a human character .
Not to be confused with : The Old Man and the Sea or The Rime of the Ancient Mariner .
Handy hint : in Star Trek : First Contact , Captain Picard makes a speech that essentially sums up the plot and point of Moby Dick in about 30 seconds .
2 . Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen
Ok , again – look at the cover . Clearly there ’ s some romance going on here . You will have picked up the names ‘ Elizabeth Bennett ’ and ‘ Mr . Darcy ’ from popular culture , and the word ‘ swoon ’ is often attached to ‘ Mr . Darcy ’ . Lakes , wet shirts , definitely some sort of marriage .
Not to be confused with : Sense and Sensibility , Pride and Prejudice and Zombies , or the Turkish restaurant I plan to open called ‘ Pide and Prejudice ’
Handy hint : there have been several faithful adaptations over the years and you can watch the trailers on youtube .
3 . Nineteen Eighty-Four by George Orwell
Set in the year 1984 , but written , like , ages before . You know things from this book , even if you don ’ t know you do ( known unknowns , right ) . Big brother . Clocks striking 13 . War is peace , etc .
Not to be confused with : Brave New World , the reality series Big Brother , David Bowie ’ s worst song .
Handy hint : Cleverly parodied on both The Simpsons and Futurama .
4 . Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens
There are orphans , themes about class and crime , plus Obi-Wan Kenobi played Fagin in the movie . There was also a successful musical , and several of the songs contain lines from the novel .
Not to be confused with : David Copperfield ( the book ) , David Copperfield ( the magician ) .
Handy hint : It ’ s cool to acknowledge that Dickens wrote the ‘ airport novels ’ of his day .
5 . War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy
Funny fact about War and Peace : nobody has actually read it . So just make up whatever you like and people will have to play along and pretend they know what you ’ re talking about .
Almost one in four young women have stopped shaving their underarms , figures show .
Research by analysts Mintel shows that there has been a steady decline in millennial women removing hair from their legs and underarms .
In 2013 , 95 percent of women aged 16 to 24 said they removed hair from their underarms . In 2016 , this had dropped to just 77 percent .
Leg-shaving is also falling out of fashion - in 2013 92 percent said they shaved their legs , a proportion which had fallen to 85 percent in 2016 .
Industry figures show that sales of shaving and hair removal products fell by 5 percent between 2015 and 2016 , from £598 million to an estimated £567 million .
Roshida Khanom , associate director in beauty and personal care at Mintel , said that women were influenced by the wellness movement .
Products such as shaving foam and hair removal cream are perceived to be bad for the skin , leading women to shun them in favour of natural beauty products .
The `` free from '' trend , which sees women rejecting chemicals in favour of natural products , has been influential , with 53 percent of women saying they only use products with `` natural '' ingredients .
Prominent food bloggers including Ella Woodward have written about using natural beauty products .
Ms Khanom added that other trends have taken precedence over shaving . Women are increasingly likely to spend money on contouring products and coloured cosmetics popularised by beauty bloggers and celebrities including Kim Kardashian , in an effort to express their creativity .
A feminist push back against the removal of body hair has also influenced women 's choices .
Julia Roberts famously attended the premiere of Notting Hill in 1999 with unshaven armpits .
More recently Madonna 's 20-year-old daughter Lourdes was pictured on a beach in Miami with her armpit hair on show .
Doctor Strange is a visual triumph and one of the finest show-cases for effects work that has ever been . While the film is far from flawless ( the plot is thin , supporting characters are likewise ) , this is very much a case where spectacle is the right distraction .
It is steeped in the rich heritage of Doctor Strange comics , taking in a lot of the almost impenetrable lore of that universe and making the most surprising thing : an adaptation that is a true homage to the creators . If you 're a fan of Steve Ditko 's aesthetic , you need to see this film .
Here are the biggest and best Easter Eggs , References and In-Jokes In Doctor Strange ...
16 . Avengers Tower
Though Doctor Strange is firmly a stand-alone , it does have links to the rest of the MCU and one comes right at the start .
As the camera pans over Strange 's New York , the iconic image of the Avengers tower can be seen towering over the rest of the city .
This is one of only a couple of Avengers nods - you wo n't find any mention of the Accords or the Incident , because they have n't actually happened yet in Strange 's world . The start of the film happens around the time of Iron Man 2 .
15 . The Iron Man 2 Reference
While driving to the conference after what proves to be his final operation and just before he plunges spectacularly into the river , Strange discusses interesting cases he can take on next .
He mentions a `` 35 year old Marine Colonel , crushed his lower spine in some kind of experimental armor . ''
What it actually refers to is the soldiers testing Justin Hammer ’ s bootleg rip-off suits who gets his spine twisted . We learn of that in Iron Man 2 's court room scene .
14 . Kaecilius
Kaecilius is actually a villain from the comics , though an unexpectedly minor one . In the film he 's actually more like an amalgamation of several characters : he 's based at least partly on the traditional presentation of Mordo , as well as black magic wizard Kaluu and his master Dormammu .
13 . The Pop Culture References
The film oddly features a number of pop culture references when Doctor Strange is trying to break the ice with Wong . He asks if he just has a single name `` like Adele '' and then proceeds to mention Bono , Eminem and Drake as well as Aristotle . And then later when the pair meet again , Strange sasses Wong and mentions Beyonce , who Wong seems not to recognise , only to be revealed in the next scene to be listening to her on his walkman .
12 . Wong
Wong is of course a character from the comics too , but he has been adapted out to a more modern , less difficult character . On the page he was a stereotypical ( caricatured ) servant character , capable of fighting but not magic .
Here he 's still a martial arts expert , but he has been elevated to a real Sorceror able to wield artefacts and cast spells .
11 . The Costumes
Both Strange and Mordo 's outfits are very closely modelled on their traditional comic book looks . Doctor Strange looks almost exactly as fans of the comics would expect him to - including the white streaks in his hair and the flowing red cape .
And Mordo 's outfit takes in the traditional green robes he 's always worn in the comics . It 's a slightly toned down version , but that sort of theatricality comes with real supervillainy ...
10 . The Avengers ' Role In The World
The second mention of the Avengers comes as a brief but clever explanation of why the Sorcerors would n't have turned up to help with the Incident or any other major attack on the real world . They do n't intervene simply because it is n't their remit .
Wong tells Doctor Strange that while the Avengers `` protect the world from physical dangers . We safeguard it against more mystical threats . ''
It 's only now that more magical threats like Loki and Thanos have appeared that the sorcerors have broken cover .
9 . Dormammu
Dormammu is as old an adversary for Doctor Strange as Baron Mordo is and the idea of Strange having to keep him out of the Earthly realm is a big part of the comics . There too he dwells in the Dark Dimension seeking a way to take over Earth .
In the comics too Strange and Dormammu are forced into a pact when Strange helps save the demon from the Mindless Ones and Dormammu is forced to agree not to ever attack Earth again .
It 's a shame they did n't go with the massive half-balrog sort of design traditionally associated with the character in the comics .
8 . The Cloak Of Levitation = Magic Carpet
In the comics , Doctor Strange 's Cloak Of Levitation is slightly different to the way its presented on screen , though there is a level of familiarity . Originally the Cloak was presented without any actual will of its own , though it has acted on the will of its wearer without command in some instances . In the source comics the Cloak is actually given to Strange as a prize for beating Dormammu , rather than it choosing him .
In the film , this is extended somewhat to give the Cloak more personality , and it definitely feels like the writers and animators went and watched Disney 's Aladdin for tips on how to do that .
7 . The Matrix
It would be foolish not to mention The Matrix at this point because of how closely the films are linked to Doctor Strange . In both cases there is a reluctant Chosen One , a mystical guide who educates him , a megalomaniac villain seeking more power for himself and a mostly ignorant general public unaware of the magic happening around them .
Kevin Feige even mentioned that the concept of magic in the Marvel Cinematic Universe is inspired by The Matrix as well as the work of Stanley Kubrick and Hayao Miyazaki。
6 . Wand Of Watoomb
Prior to his untimely death ( which is quickly undone by Doctor Strange 's time travel meddling ) , Wong makes a final stand out in front of the Hong Kong Sanctum , proving himself to be a badass and not just a really , really poor librarian .
During the fight he 's seen wielding what appears to be the Wand of Watoomb , another key magical artefact from the comics .
In the comics , the wand is able to open portals and windows to other dimensions and project huge magical energies . It 's not actually all that important , but it has an important part in Strange 's comics history as it was the centre of the first story uniting the Sorceror Supreme with Spider-Man .
5 . The Other Realm Design
The design of the multiverse from the first time it 's glimpsed at the start of the film and through to Strange 's trip into the Dark Dimension is absolutely stunning .
There 's obviously been a great deal of attention been paid to Steve Ditko 's outrageous psychedelic designs from the comics .
It 's really quite stunning how well the film brings that spirit to the big screen . You 'll see nothing like it for a long time .
4 . Mordo 's Heel-Turn
Despite the way he views Kaecilius ' betrayal of The Ancient One , Mordo eventually ends up going the same way , albeit with more morally good intentions . He wants to police the way Sorcerors act and stop them interfering with the Natural Order after he is horrified at Doctor Strange 's use of the Eye Of Agamotto to turn back time .
3 . The Mid-Credits
In the mid credits sequence , Thor is seen conversing in the New York Sanctum with Strange . The pair verbally spar a little , Strange conjures his Asgardian guest some beer and they get to business .
Strange reveals that he has a powers watchlist , which tracks any entity deemed a mystical threat to Earth - ironic since he was on SHIELD 's watchlist as a threat to Earth too . His list includes Loki , who has pinged the list after reappearing in London with Thor .
Presumably since Thor is now aware that his brother is alive ( both are looking for their missing father ) , this is a scene picked out of the middle of Thor : Ragnarok , just as the post-credits stinger on Ant-Man was a scene taken from Civil War . So that 's confirmation that Strange is appearing in Ragnarok then .
2 . The Post-Credits Stinger
If you 're patient enough to wait until after the credits ( they 're not all that long actually ) , there 's a second stinger , this time starring Mordo .
He visits Benjamin Bratt 's Jonathan Pangborn who revealed to Strange that the Ancient One had the power to help him as he was a paraplegic whose health was restored using magic . Mordo believes this to be another act of abomination and undoes the work , leaving Pangborn paralysed .
This is clearly the first step in Mordo 's `` evil '' plan to rid the world of Sorcerors after they meddled too much with the Natural Order . That 's going to be a great way to bring him back as a recurring character in the future too .
The final note on the credits also reads Doctor Strange Will Return . Good .
1 . Benedict Cumberbatch 's Cameo
Yes , you read that correctly : Benedict Cumberbatch does indeed have a non-Doctor Strange cameo in Doctor Strange .
As confirmed by director Scott Derrickson to IGN , Cumberbatch provided the voice and facial capture for Dormammu。
The Russian government is to give the public the chance to sample a range of delicacies previously reserved for senior officials .
Presidential press secretary Elena Krylova says an online shop selling dairy products under the brand name `` Kremlin Quality '' will open in the new year . She tells Komsomolskaya Pravda newspaper that `` milk , buttermilk , yoghurt and possibly cheese '' made specially for the presidential administration , MPs and their staff will be `` on offer to everyone , not just to officials '' .
Senior Russian civil servants still enjoy access to food produced exclusively for them in what amounts to a hangover from Soviet times , when special farms allowed the Communist leaders to avoid the generally poor-quality food on offer to the public .
Ms Krylova tells Govorit Moskva radio that the prices will be `` no higher than in the supermarkets '' , as the authorities want to make sure the goods are `` within the reach of all sections of the public '' .
A representative of the Kremlin Quality website told Vedomosti business daily that officials will still have some advantages , as they can pick up their online orders from their places of work , whereas everyone else must rely on home deliveries .
The paper notes that the presidential administration considered entering the food trade back in 2012 with its `` Kremlin Squirrel '' chocolates , and that dairy goods have appeared in some shops recently in order to test the market .
Online reaction has been largely humorous . One person says they would n't mind an entire dinner service complete with the state double-headed eagle crest , although others are annoyed to discover that their leaders still have exclusive access to high-quality food .
Several ask whether vodka will be on offer , fondly remembering the spirits produced for Soviet leaders at the Moscow Cristall Distillery . But Ms Krylova anticipated that particular question , telling Komsomolskaya Pravda : `` I think there 's already enough alcohol out there . ''
From Australia ’ s bubblegum-pink lake to a blood-red waterfall in Antarctica , these seven destinations are some of the world ’ s strangest sights .
Majestic mountains and sparkling seas always attract travellers – but sometimes nature has a bigger trick up her sleeve . To track down some of the world ’ s strangest sights , we turned to question-and-answer site Quora , asking : What are some of the best rare natural phenomena that occur on Earth ?
From Australia ’ s bubblegum-pink lake and a blood-red waterfall in Antarctica to a secret beach-in-a-hole in Mexico and a US valley where stones eerily move , these seven spots are Mother Nature ’ s eyeball-popping sideshow .
Frozen methane bubbles , Canada
They look otherworldly , like flying saucers that dropped into the water and froze , or ancient , ice-encapsulated jellyfish . In fact , these icy circles are frozen methane bubbles – pockets of gas that , when trapped underwater and frozen , form a spectacular landscape .
Found in winter in high northern latitude lakes like Lake Abraham in Alberta , Canada , these gas bubbles are created when dead leaves , grass and animals fall into the water , sink and are eaten by bacteria that excrete methane . The gas is released as bubbles that transform into tens of thousands of icy white disks when they come into contact with frozen water , Quora user Mayur Kanaiya explains .
It ’ s a stunning , but potentially dangerous sight . This potent greenhouse gas not only warms the planet , but also is highly flammable . Come spring , when the ice melts , the methane bubbles pop and fizz in a spectacular release – but if anyone happens to light a match nearby , the masses of methane will ignite into a giant explosion .
Curious travellers can see these gassy hiccups in lakes across Canada ’ s Banff National Park , or in the Arctic Ocean off Siberia , where researchers have found gargantuan gas bubbles as large as 900m across .
The solo female traveller market is an increasingly powerful sector in the travel industry . But while solo travel is usually rewarding , safe , and eye-opening , women who take to the road alone usually have more issues to take into account than men . A minority of horror stories of dodgy Airbnb and Couchsurfing hosts can see women flocking to the nearest female-only floor in a hotel .
But now one peer-to-peer accommodation site has decided to do something about that , by launching a sub-group dedicated to female hosts and guests .
Overnight – a site and app similar to Airbnb , which allows you to book accommodation with local residents – has teamed up with Girls Love Travel , a women-only online community , to launch “ Groups ” , which will allow home-sharing through trusted networks .
The feature will connect travellers and hosts who share friends or social networking groups in common . With 350,000 members of Girls Love Travel located around the world , it ’ s a promising start . Other networks are in the works to collaborate , too .
Overnight said in a statement : “ While cost is a key issue for travellers , trust is perhaps even more important – both for travellers and home-sharing hosts . This is especially true for female travellers . ”
Girls Love Travel founder Haley Woods told The Independent :
“ Within the Girls LOVE Travel community , we empower women to go out , travel , and explore the world . The problem is that , when choosing to house-swap or couch-share with a stranger , safety can be a real concern for many of our members . Alternatives such as hotels or hostels can often be pricey , and may delay trips due to budget .
“ Building this partnership between Girls LOVE Travel and Overnight presents members with a peer-to-peer network platform to help answer those concerns by providing members a cost-effective opportunity to stay with ladies they have met within our online community . Overnight provides our members the added benefit of moving beyond the computer with other female travellers , and creating lasting relationships . ”
The Groups feature also allows hosts to use tiered pricing , offering lower rates to travellers from their own networks . Overnight says that it discovered hosts were willing to drop prices for guests they have a connection to .
Current featured picks on the website include a private room in West Hollywood for $ 60 , and an apartment in Chicago for $ 100 .
Items designed for Chinese New Year on display in Harrods Department Store in London , UK , Feb 2 , 2016 . [ Photo by Liu Jing/chinadaily.com.cn ]
As many Chinese are returning home for the Chinese lunar new year , or Spring Festival celebration , it is also being gradually accepted by Europeans : schools are starting to teach that side of Chinese culture to children , adults attend special events , and even businesses take the opportunity to use the festival for promotion .
In the European capitals of London , Brussels and Paris , the atmosphere is easy to feel as the year of Monkey approaches . Shopping centers are trying their best to broaden their appeal to Chinese consumers with offers , discounts and presentations featuring Chinese elements .
The high-end department store Harrods in London has partnered with Hong Kong-based toy-art brand Papinee to create an exclusive Chinese New Year toy , the Harrods Happy Monkey .
The soft toy , available from January and displayed in the department 's windows , is decorated with symbols representing happiness , luck and positive energy in shape of motifs such as hearts , four-leaf clovers and horse shoes , according to the department .
The Harrods Happy Monkey is displayed in the window of Harrods Department Store in London , UK , Feb 2 , 2016 . [ Photo by Liu Jing/chinadaily.com.cn ]
The department store 's souvenir shop also offers various items designed for the year of monkey , ranging from purses and pens to key rings and cups . A traditional Chinese-style decoration door is placed for customers to offer their wish cards for the coming festival .
In Chinese folklore the monkey represent cleverness and agility .
Kyle , a manager of the department , who did n't give his full name , said that the store has celebrated the traditional Chinese festival for many years . `` We have a lot of Chinese tourists here and they will be very interested to see this , '' he said .
Sunkiran Boyal , a shopping assistant for cosmetics in Harrods , said Chinese customers are their most loyal clients and her brand has prepared special offers to thank them . The Estee Lauder brand has rolled out a new bottle design with golden-colored main body and a red monkey pendant .
Hand-held fans designed by aristist Sun Yinjie displayed in Selfridges store in London , UK . [ Photo provided to chinadaily.com.cn ]
`` Chinese customers really like the new design and they can get the product with the new bottle for no extra charge , '' she said . `` We also give them samples wrapped in red envelopes to say thank you and celebrate the festival with them . ''
Other department stores have followed suit . Selfridge department store offers its customers a complimentary hand fan , which can be decorated by a Chinese artist with a personal message or a bespoke design when spending 100 pounds or more on accessories .
Sun Yinjie , a Chinese painter invited by the department to paint the fans , said this is his second time to be invited . He has also been asked to participate in another celebration by BBC .
`` I have been in UK for more than eight years and I 'm glad to see more activities about Chinese New Year in the country . This is apparently a result of China 's growing economic and political status , '' he said .
Chinese food on sale at a Tesco supermarket in London , UK , Feb 2 , 2016 . [ Photo by Liu Jing/chinadaily.com.cn ]
Many retailers are also trying to tap the market in China . The Cambridge Satchel Company , for example , is offering buyers a special discount and free embossing of a monkey symbol on all the red bags they buy in the brand 's online store .
Moreover , many local supermarkets have put more Chinese food on sale to celebrate the festival and Chinese recipes , including those for spring rolls and dumplings , are offered on their websites for those who prefer to cook themselves a New Year feast at home .
Belgian supermarket Cora is having a special promotion to celebrate Chinese New Year between 25th January and 6th of February , offering a variety of Asian food at low prices . [ Photo by Gao Shuang/chinadaily.com.cn ]
In Brussels , Belgian supermarket Cora started a special promotion to celebrate Chinese New Year last Monday , 25th January . The promotion will continue until Saturday , 6th of February .
The promotion consists of discount for Asian food that is particularly aimed at celebrating Chinese New Year such as spring rolls , dumplings and prawn crackers , as well as discounts for ingredients such as soya sauce , noodles and pots . In addition , exotic decorations are also part of the sales .
Irsuto Francesco , manager of food section in Cora , said the store has been doing special promotion for Chinese New Year for over 15 years since Belgians love Chinese food and the promotion has proved successful at attracting more customers .
`` We received a lot of positive feedback every year and we hope that we could enlarge our promotion next year , in order to provide wider choices for our customers who would like to try something authentic during Chinese New Year , '' added Francesco .
Walter Bontez , a 69-year-old retiree , knows that Chinese New Year is the most important event for Chinese people and food plays an important role .
`` I love Chinese food . I eat Chinese food regularly and sometimes I even prepare it by myself . Every year I come to Cora for this special promotion . My favorite Chinese dish is fried noodle , '' said Bontez .
The promotion is also triggering the interest of Chinese living in Brussels . Yang Chun , from the Chinese embassy , said that at the promotion she finds more Asian goods than at other times and the low price is also attractive .
Promotion brochure of Cora for Chinese New Year . [ Photo by Gao Shuang/chinadaily.com.cn ]
In Paris , the French capital ' renowned department stores have already prepared to welcome Chinese shoppers during spring festivals with red-colored products , Chinese posters , Mandarin-speaking staff and VIP services .
At the Champs-Elysees , home to some of the world 's most famous luxury labels , Chinese New Year elements already can be found one week ahead of the festival . For example , in the window of luxury brand Montblanc , a red Chinese monkey can be seen at the window background with customized Monkey Year pens .
One of Paris most popular attractions , La Vallee Village , an outlet mall specializing in the sale of discounted designer brands , has already decorated its village full of Chinese new year symbols . Red flowers and many signs in Chinese saying `` Happy Chinese New Year '' can be seen in the shopping village everywhere .
In the window of luxury brand Montblanc at the Champs-Elysees , a red Chinese monkey can be seen in a display featuring customized Monkey Year pens . [ Photo by Tuo Yannan/chinadaily.com.cn ]
Marisa Minelli , senior tourism manager at La Vallee , says recent years the village celebrates the Chinese New Year with different decorations , and offers traditional Chinese red envelopes containing coupons for customers .
This year is also the 12th year of the French post office , La Poste , issuing Chinese New Year stamps . Started from Jan 29 , French people can buy money stamps from post offices .
Many districts in Paris will celebrate the Chinese New Year , for example , from Feb 5 to 12 , at 13th district , which has a large Asian population , there are Chinese New Year celebration events every day . On the first day , Feb 5 , in front of the district city hall , at Careau du Temple , there will be a dragon dance and there will also be Chinese martial arts classes or Chinese culture seminars .
More than 300 French people will also attend an event held by the Paris China Culture Center on Feb 6 , when there will be a big celebration with traditional Chinese calligraphy writing , mah-jong , Chinese opera and Chinese food tasting .
Chinese characters read Happy Chinese New Year ( L ) on the window of a duty free shop at Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris . [ Photo by Tuo Yannan/chinadaily.com.cn ]
Claim : Donald Trump repeated his insistence that he was against the 2003 invasion of Iraq , claiming Clinton 's assertions to the contrary were `` mainstream media nonsense put out by her '' .
Reality Check verdict : Trump did not publicly speak out against the war before it started . On September , 11 2002 , radio host Howard Stern asked Trump if he supported a potential invasion of Iraq . He replied : `` Yeah , I guess so '' . During the debate , he tried to explain that away by saying the comment had been made `` lightly '' . He said he had been arguing in private , to Fox News 's Sean Hannity , that war would destabilize the Middle East , but we have no evidence to support that so far . He did start to express doubts after the invasion .
Claim : Clinton attacked Trump over his boasts about his business acumen . `` You know , Donald was very fortunate in his life and that 's all to his benefit , '' Clinton said . `` He started his business with $ 14m , borrowed from his father . ''
Reality Check verdict : Trump says he received a $ 1m loan from his real estate mogul father . He also got loan guarantees and money from his future inheritance and inherited a share of his father 's property holdings .
Claim : Trump alleged that Clinton called the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal the `` gold standard '' of trade agreements . Clinton denied this but added : `` I did say I hoped it would be a good deal . ''
Reality Check verdict : We give this one to Trump . Clinton did more than express hope that the deal would turn out well and in a 2012 trip to Australia said it would be the `` gold standard '' : `` This TPP sets the gold standard in trade agreements to open free , transparent , fair trade , the kind of environment that has the rule of law and a level playing field . ''
Claim : Clinton said : `` People have looked at both of our plans , have concluded that mine would create 10 million jobs and yours would lose us 3.5 million jobs . ''
Reality Check verdict : Clinton has made this claim before . It is based on an optimistic reading of a report by Moody 's Analytics , which says that most of the 10 million new jobs would be created anyway by an expanding economy . If all of Clinton 's economic policies became law - which the report says is unlikely - they would account for 3.2 million of the 10 million jobs . The same company analysed Trump 's plans and suggested they would tip the US into recession and lead to 3.5 million job losses - something strongly disputed by the Trump campaign .
But the two reports cover different time frames . The author Mark Zandi told CNN Money a more accurate comparison to the 10 million jobs created under Clinton would be 400,000 jobs lost under Trump , not 3.4 million .
Claim : Trump has frequently tried to blame the rise of Islamic State militants on Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . This is his latest attempt .
Reality Check verdict : Possibly the strangest claim of the night . Clinton is 68 years old . The so-called Islamic State did not appear on the scene until 2009 , although its roots stretch back to the Sunni terror group al-Qaeda in Iraq ( AQI ) , which started in 2004 .
Claim : Clinton accused Trump of calling climate change a hoax invented by the Chinese . He insisted `` I did not say that '' .
Reality Check verdict : This claim relates to a 2012 tweet which Trump later said was a joke . He said : `` The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make US manufacturing non-competitive . ''
Claim : Clinton said race determines how people are treated in the criminal justice system .
Reality Check verdict : This is a tough one to prove as there are no figures on the percentage of crimes that result in arrest . What we do know is that black people are locked up five times more frequently than white people . African-American people make up about 13 % of the United States population . White people make up 64 % . But black people make up 40 % of the prison population , and white people 39 % . It does not mean that black people , who tend to live more in urban , heavily policed areas , are five times as likely to commit crime however .
Clinton also claimed that African American men are more likely to be killed by guns than other demographics , something that is largely born out by the statistics .
Claim : Murders in New York city are up .
Reality Check verdict : As so often with crime statistics it depends how you slice it . The murder rate in New York city is close to record lows but did increase slightly between 2014 and 2015 , according to FBI figures . But the very latest figures from the New York Police Department show murder rates are down 4 % on 2015 .
Murder rates across the US as a whole went up 10.8 % in 2015 , the biggest single-year percentage jump since 1971 , with a big spike in a handful of cities including Chicago , Washington DC and Baltimore .
Trump also claimed that `` stop and frisk '' tactics `` worked very well in New York '' and brought crime rates down . This is hotly disputed by researchers and commentators . Violent crime rates have continued to decline in New York , as part of a long term trend , even though the number of `` stop and frisk '' searches has gone down dramatically in recent years . Research by Jeffrey Fagan of Columbia University found indiscriminate searches had little effect on crime , although his research also found crime was reduced when police stopped and frisked civilians after observing someone acting violently , selling drugs or `` casing a joint '' .
Claim : Trump says he ca n't release his tax returns because he is in the middle of a tax audit . He also says publishing them would not reveal much .
Clinton suggests he will never publish them as they might reveal he is not as rich as he says he is , does not pay Federal tax and does not give as much to charity as claimed .
Reality Check verdict : Being audited by the Internal Revenue Service does not prohibit the release of tax returns . They would reveal Trump 's annual income , how much he pays in tax and how much he gives to charity . Trump claims he has given $ 102m to charity in the past five years , but a Washington Post investigation could not find any cash donated by Trump 's businesses after 2008 . Trump 's actual wealth has been assessed by Forbes at $ 4.5bn , compared with the $ 10bn he claims .
Interestingly , Trump has never provided evidence that he is actually under audit by the tax authorities . According to Associated Press , a letter released by his tax lawyers never used the word , merely describing his tax returns as under continuous review .
The Titanic 's last lunch menu , saved by a first-class passenger who climbed aboard a lifeboat whose crew was said to have been bribed to row away instead of rescue more people , sold at auction for $ 88,000 on Wednesday .
The online New York auctioneer Lion Heart Autographs offered the menu and two other previously unknown artifacts from Lifeboat 1 .
Abraham Lincoln Salomon was among a handful of first-class passengers who boarded the lifeboat , dubbed the Money Boat or Millionaire 's Boat by the press because of unfounded rumors one of them bribed seven crew members to quickly row the boat away from the sinking ocean liner .
The menu , which lists corned beef , dumplings and other savory items , is signed on the back in pencil by another first-class passenger , Isaac Gerald Frauenthal , who escaped on another lifeboat . It 's believed the two men lunched together that fateful day in 1912 .
Salomon also took away a printed ticket from the Titanic 's opulent Turkish baths , which recorded a person 's weight when seated in a specially designed upholstered lounge chair . The ticket bears the names of three of the five other first-class passengers with him on Lifeboat 1 . One of four weighing chair tickets known to exist , it sold for $ 11,000 .
A letter written by Mabel Francatelli to Salomon on New York 's Plaza Hotel stationery six months after the disaster fetched $ 7,500 . Francatelli had climbed into Lifeboat 1 with her employer , aristocratic fashion designer Lucy Duff-Gordon and her Scottish husband , Lord Cosmo Duff-Gordon , who was rumored to have bribed the crew to row them to safety in the boat , which had a capacity of 40 .
The Duff-Gordons , the only passengers to testify about the disaster , were cleared by the British Wreck Commissioner 's inquiry , which determined that they did not deter the crew from attempting to rescue other people but that others might have been saved if the boat had turned around .
`` We do hope you have now quite recovered from the terrible experience , '' Francatelli wrote to Salomon . `` I am afraid our nerves are still bad , as we had such trouble & amp ; anxiety added to our already awful experience by the very unjust inquiry when we arrived in London . ''
Lion Heart Autographs said the seller was the son of a man who was given the items by a descendent of one of the survivors of the lifeboat . It did not identify the buyers .
Jodie Whittaker has been announced as Doctor Who 's 13th Time Lord - the first woman to be given the role .
The new Doctor 's identity was revealed in a trailer broadcast at the end of the Wimbledon men 's singles final .
The Broadchurch star succeeds Peter Capaldi , who took over the role in 2013 and leaves in the forthcoming Christmas special .
Whittaker , 35 , said it was `` overwhelming , as a feminist '' to become the next Doctor .
She will make her debut on the sci-fi show when the Doctor regenerates in the Christmas special .
The Huddersfield-born star will find a familiar face for her on set - Doctor Who 's new showrunner is Broadchurch creator Chris Chibnall .
Whittaker said : `` I 'm beyond excited to begin this epic journey - with Chris and with every Whovian on this planet .
`` It 's more than an honor to play the Doctor . It means remembering everyone I used to be , while stepping forward to embrace everything the Doctor stands for : hope . I ca n't wait . ''
Dedicated Whovians were quick to react to the news of Jodie Whittaker taking over the Tardis .
On social media , some said it would encourage them to watch the show for the first time - but others said the casting meant they would be switching off , and that the Doctor should be played by a man .
Carla Joanna tweeted to say that she would be tuning in and that the trailer `` made me choke up a little '' . Another tweeter , Ayad , said : `` I do n't even watch Doctor Who but a woman doctor is so cool . ''
But Samantha Melton said : `` I am a woman and a feminist but I do n't want a female Doctor . To me it 's trying too hard to tick the boxes . ''
Doctor Who writer Jenny Colgan , who has written for the series ' books and audio dramas , said : `` I am of course incredibly excited the new Doctor is a woman ; Steven Moffat has been paving the way for this for ages and it is absolutely about time . I ca n't imagine what it 's like for Jodie : she must be so scared and excited all at once , but I could n't be happier , and 100 % ca n't wait to write for her . ''
Will Howells , who writes for the Doctor Who magazine and has been a fan for 25 years , said : `` In 2017 , there should n't be anything major about a TV series changing from a male lead to a female one .
`` I do n't think it 's a risky choice at all - but if a show that can go anywhere and do anything ca n't take risks , what can ? ''
Actress Olivia Colman , who starred in a Doctor Who episode and was one of the possible candidates for the role , said it was a `` classy decision '' .
`` The creatives made the right decision that the part should be a woman and it 's about time , '' she told BBC News . She added that those unhappy about Whittaker being the new Time Lord should `` leave her alone and let her do her job brilliantly '' .
Whittaker starred as Beth Latimer in the three series of the ITV crime drama Broadchurch , as the mother of a murdered boy .
As well as TV work , Whittaker has appeared on the big screen , in One Day , Attack the Block and St Trinian 's . She made her film debut in 2006 's Venus , opposite Peter O'Toole .
Plenty of drivers complain about rush hour traffic , but some have more to gripe about than others .
Bangkok has the worst evening rush hour traffic in the world for a second consecutive year , according to GPS manufacturer TomTom .
The results were compiled after TomTom tracked a years-worth of traffic in 390 cities across 48 countries .
Here is the 2017 ranking of cities with the most severe evening rush hour traffic :
TomTom 's senior traffic expert Nick Cohn said that Thailand -- and many other big cities at the top of the congestion ranking -- have become victims of their own success . Growing economies and surging populations translate into more traffic and commuters .
`` It would be a challenge for any city government [ to ] keep things moving , '' he said , noting that as more people have moved to Bangkok 's low-density suburbs , commuter traffic has worsened .
While Mexico City has the second worst evening rush hour traffic in the world , TomTom considers the Mexican capital to be the world 's worst city for full-day traffic congestion .
`` It could be middle of the day or late at night , but it 's just really , really congested , '' said Cohn .
`` Mexico City has an extensive subway system but it does n't extend out to where all the population growth is happening , '' he said . `` People do n't have a lot of options for getting to work . ''
Moscow , which ranks as the fifth worst city for evening rush hour traffic , was higher up the rankings in past years . But congestion has eased a bit since city officials introduced new parking rules .
Cohn said the city now charges for some parking , which `` really changed people 's behavior . ''
Istanbul has also seen a modest easing of traffic congestion because authorities have made a point to provide more real-time traffic data to drivers . This helped people plan their drives and avoid severe traffic jams .
`` It 's still terrible but there is a slight decrease , '' he said .
The only American city in the top 15 is Los Angeles . Its traffic congestion has worsened , but it 's been moving down the ranking over the past few years as other global cities experience more acute traffic problems .
According to TMZ , Angelina Jolie has filed for divorce from Brad Pitt , citing irreconcilable differences .
While news of the separation has shocked fans of the Hollywood super-couple , it remains unclear exactly how their divorce will play out in financial terms . Jolie has not requested spousal support from Pitt .
In the meantime , here are the stories behind some of Hollywood 's most memorable ( not to mention costly ) divorces .
1 . Amber Heard and Johnny Depp
Thirty-year-old Heard filed for divorce in May 2016 , after just over a year of marriage to her Hollywood superstar husband , 52 . The couple did n't have a pre-nuptial agreement . Along some sources suggested that their payout could be as high as £35 million , and Heard - accused of golddigging by some of Depp 's defenders - donated the whole lot to a domestic abuse prevention charity and a children 's hospital .
Married : 2015
Divorced : 2016
It was his : second marriage
Her : first marriage
He said : “ Hopefully the dissolution of this short marriage will be resolved quickly . ”
She said : `` Money played no role for me personally and never has , except to the extent that I could donate it to charity and , in doing so , hopefully help those less able to defend themselves . ''
Cramped aeroplane journeys could be a thing of the past thanks to a new `` legroom adjustable '' plane seat , which can be moved backwards or forwards dependent on your height .
The revolutionary seat designed by B/E Aerospace , who describe themselves as a `` world leading '' manufacturer of cabin interior products , has adjustable wheels that sit on tracks in the cabin floor .
The device enables the seats to be pushed backwards or forwards meaning that long-legged passengers may gain a few more inches of much needed leg room if they are sitting in front of a child or shorter-legged person , the Telegraph reports .
Cabin crew will control the movement of seats , most likely with a tablet or smart phone , while passengers would need to inform airlines of their height at check-in .
In plans submitted to patent the idea , designers have said that a `` one size fits all '' attitude to airline passengers is outdated .
In their patent application , submitted in November , the designers said : `` The one size fits all seating arrangement can cause discomfort for tall passengers , while a child or relatively small adult may be seated in an identical seat with more than ample leg room and in relative comfort . ''
They added : `` Even a relatively small incremental increase in seat spacing for the tall passengers can provide additional comfort with no loss of comfort to the much smaller passengers seated in front of the tall passengers . ''
The invention will come as relief to taller passengers .
It is a classic playground scare story - if you swallow chewing gum it will stay in your digestive system for seven years .
But according to scientists at the American Chemical Society , the tale is myth as chewing gum is no more harmful than the rest of the food that passes through our digestive system .
It says while gum is harder to digest , it tends to pass harmlessly through our guts much like other foods .
By examining how regular foods are processed through our bodies , a video from The American Chemical Society reveals what really happens when you swallow chewing gum .
When we eat something - whether it be normal foods or chewing gum - it goes through three main phases in our bodies .
The first of these phases is the 'mechanical ' phase ( otherwise known as chewing ) .
As the Reactions video explains , with normal foods 'your teeth and tongue work together to crush the food you eat into tiny bits . '
Munching your food then triggers muscle movements which move the food through your digestive tract down to your stomach , where muscles 'churn your chewed up food with digestive juices . '
The second phase involves enzymes - biological catalysts which speed up chemical reactions - which are found in your saliva , stomach juices and intestines .
Enzymes 'kick start ' the reactions to break down the food into its constituent parts , whether they are fats from foods such as cheese , carbohydrates from food such as pasta , or proteins from meat or nuts .
These constituent parts are the nutrients your body can use .
Stomach acid , which is made up of hydrochloric acid and salts , leads the third phase of digestion .
The video explains 'this harsh brew dissolves chewed food into a slurry so your intestines can handle it ' .
After this point , whatever remains goes straight down the toilet .
How does your body process chewing gum ?
As you 'll have probably noticed , the main difference when processing chewing gum is the fact that during the 'mechanical phase ' you do n't crush the chewing gum down into tiny bits - that would somewhat defeat the purpose of chewing gum .
Instead , if you swallow the gum , it will go down in one big wad before it enters phase two - the enzyme phase .
Most of the molecules in gum are carbohydrates , oils and alcohols . As with any other food , on their own these molecules are easily broken down .
However , the video explains 'your body does n't have an enzyme for the rubber polymers , regardless of whether they 're natural or synthetic ' so the gum passes through to Phase three . While stomach acid is strong , it still ca n't dissolve the rubber polymers in the chewing gum .
In fact , the video explains 'rubbers are very good at shielding from acids in general - that 's one reason we wear rubber gloves for protection . '
So , while part of your gum does survive digestion , it does not remain in your stomach for seven years .
The video concludes 'even though you do n't break down the rubber polymers , your body has no problem moving that lump of gum through your digestive system and out the other end within a day or two . '
Otona Maki , or ‘ adult wrapping ’ , is a Japanese therapeutic method of correcting posture and alleviating body stiffness by wrapping the human body in a large piece of cloth that emulates the comfortable feel of a mother ’ s womb .
Well-known for their long work hours , many Japanese people develop posture problems and body stiffness . For a long time , getting massages and stretching have been the most popular ways of dealing with these issues , but now someone claims to have come up with an even better solution . Otona Maki is a new and intriguing way of improving posture and making your body more flexible than ever , while at the same time helping practitioners relax by recreating the comfortable feel of a mother ’ s womb .
Otona Maki is not a mainstream practice in Japan , but after recently being featured on a popular television program , more and more people are talking about it and giving it a try . The idea behind this bizarre looking therapeutic practice is to tightly wrap the human body ( in various poses ) in a large piece of breathable cloth for about 15 – 20 minutes per session . Babies are often wrapped the same way to correct minor physical defects and give them a feeling of security , and otona maki aims to do the same for adults .
I ’ ll be the first to admit that it looks pretty weird , but according to Yayoi Katayama of Japanese blog Vienna-Juku , there are real benefits to practicing adult wrapping . As we all know , babies and young children have very flexible spines , but as we grow up , most of us lose that flexibility . After going through several sessions with your body fixed in a certain position for a short amount of time , you can regain that natural flexibility and improve posture . Yayoi calls the practice a way to reset your body , and claims that after taking part in a session , she also felt relaxed and rejuvenated .
But despite Japan ’ s appetite for the bizarre , otona maki seems a bit too weird even for them . According to Kotaku , there is a lot of skepticism regarding the practice , at least on Japanese social media , with people comparing it to a mummification technique , or making references to Japanese horror films .
Otona Maki was apparently developed by Professor Nobuko Watanabe , known for creating the Toco Chan maternity belt , a very popular product in Japan . A 30-minute adult wrapping session costs 3240 yen ( $ 28 ) , while 50 minutes inside the cloth womb costs 6480 ( $ 56 ) .
If you needed yet another reason to drink beer , science just gave it to you . Researchers from the National University of Singapore ( NUS ) just developed a new type of probiotic beer which could improve your immune system and neutralize pathogens and toxins .
The idea of developing a healthy , probiotic beer , came from Miss Chan Mei Zhi Alcine , a fourth-year student from the Food Science and Technology Programme at the NUS Faculty of Science . Chan realized that while the market abounds with dairy-based probiotics , there ’ s another huge untapped market for probiotics : beer . Due to its nature , beer is a fertile ground for probiotics , and the craft beer phenomenon has been growing at a staggering rate in many parts of the world — so why not blend the two ?
“ The health benefits of probiotics are well known . While good bacteria are often present in food that have been fermented , there are currently no beers in the market that contain probiotics . Developing sufficient counts of live probiotics in beer is a challenging feat as beers contain hop acids that prevent the growth and survival of probiotics . As a believer of achieving a healthy diet through consuming probiotics , this is a natural choice for me when I picked a topic for my final-year project , ” said Miss Chan , who will be graduating in July 2017 .
Working with Associate Professor Liu Shao Quan , she used a strain of Lactobacillus paracasei called L26 , which seems to be particularly promising . The probiotic gives a strong taste with pleasant aromas , and the beer itself is quite light — with only 3.5 % alcohol .
“ For this beer , we used a lactic acid bacterium as a probiotic microorganism , ” explains Chan Mei Zhi Alcine , who developed the beer , in a statement . “ It will utilise sugars present in the wort to produce sour-tasting lactic acid , resulting in a beer with sharp and tart flavors . The final product , which takes around a month to brew , has an alcohol content of about 3.5 percent . ”
Now , we ’ ll be the first to breathe in a healthy dose of skepticism when it comes to probiotics . Studies have often been contradictory or inconclusive when it comes to probiotics , and they ’ re certainly given much more credit than they deserve on the market . However , Lactobacillus paracasei L26 was documented as having immune-boosting properties in mice — though this has yet to be confirmed in humans . They ’ ve already taken out a patent for the recipe to sell it commercially , which means we won ’ t be seeing a peer-reviewed study on the beer and a decisive verdict on its positive properties . Still , Liu is confident that the bacterium strain , which was isolated from the human gut , will make for a delicious and healthy beer , which he expects people to enjoy .
“ The general health benefits associated with consuming food and beverages with probiotic strains have driven demand dramatically . In recent years , consumption of craft or specialty beers has gained popularity too . Alcine ’ s invention is placed in a unique position that caters to these two trends . I am confident that the probiotic gut-friendly beer will be well-received by beer drinkers , as they can now enjoy their beers and be healthy . ”
It ’ s not the first attempt to create a beer with secondary healthy effects . In 2008 , Rice University researchers brewed an “ anti-cancer beer ” though we haven ’ t heard much of it since . While not really the same approach , another cool project was delivered by a small brewery in Scandinavia — PangPang Brewery developed what they call the perfect shower beer . People have brewed beer for millennia , I ’ m really happy to see this type of innovations finally kicking in .
Some people see faces wherever they go . Whether it 's a backpack or a brick wall , inanimate objects suddenly come alive with googly eyes and goofy smiles . In fact , there 's a whole Twitter account dedicated to sharing faces in places . Keith Larsen regularly spots these types of expressions in ordinary things—often , that others do n't see . To illuminate his creative visions , he illustrates these characters and brings them to life with silly stories .
Larsen 's ability to find inanimate objects with faces is the result of pareidolia . It 's a psychological phenomenon in which our minds create a `` familiar pattern '' where none exists . This is commonly rooted in seeing phantom people or animals , but it can be audible , too . If you 've ever heard someone claiming they hear a `` hidden message '' when they play back a song , they 're describing pareidolia .
For Larsen , this phenomenon is the inspiration for his art , and it provides ample fodder to come up with some amusing and fantastical cartoon-style creations . The door of a washing machine , for example , becomes a duck , while a fire hydrant becomes a bespectacled cyclops . Whatever the object , each character has a unique personality that 's sure to make you smile . And this is just the beginning for Larsen . He 's created an Instagram account to chronicle faces in places . Follow along to see what he comes up with next .
Grab my beak if it ’ s laundry you seek . You barely see me , maybe once a week . How can I not have this disappointed look ? I dry your clothes as you read a book . I ’ m dryer duck , and for a buck , I dry the shirts you tuck . I ’ ll see you next week , but please , no more vomit .
Not everyone knows what my nose holds . My eyes stay forward minding my own business as you conduct yours . I am a conductor myself being metal and all , you lock the door as your pants fall . I hold your jacket , or whatever you pack , yet I get no recognition as you carry out your mission . You flush and rush as if you have somewhere to be . Next time we meet , please stare back at me .
Yeah , I 'm Frankie the furnace , who 's askin ' ? Short arms with anger fueled by fire , a bowler hat is my only attire . Burning wood is what I do . For cookin ' stew or warming you . But do n't feed me too much I 'm warning you . I 'm an earnest furnce , and frankly , I could n't care less about burning you .
Hi there ! I 'm Sharron , the stall wall door . I hope the soap on my face stalls you from leaving this place . My look of surprise caused by the amount of hands not using my cleaning supplies . So , come hither and let me sanitize your mitts , then dry your hands after you rinse .
I 'm ripe . Teeth rotten . My other half , forgotten . This crescent face is only recent . But not to panic , by botanic rules my seeds will sprout . More tomatoes to creep you out . Though there will be none like me , I 'm one of a kind , you wo n't find me in a bottle of Heinz .
I 'm just a bag takin ' a drag . I 'm not full of myself as I may look , I 'm filled with your belongings , like pencils and books .
I 'm a dandy dapper dampener . Fires tickle my fancy , those are no match for me . Remove my monocle you must , for the water to flee . When it comes to parking , I know I 'm a nuisance . But when your dog pees , I 'm somehow translucent . I 'm a damn dampened hydrant .
Hi there ! I have some stuff to share ! It 's ice and water , and I suggest in that order . If it 's the latter first , by all means quench your thirst ! But let it be known , YAHUH ! You 're in the splash zone . My uneven teeth dispense your desires , push my eyes is what I require !
It can sometimes be difficult to realize you 're living in truly historic times when you 're right in the middle of it . Thankfully , we have Twitter , a kind of real-time pulse tracking the events of our world as they happen , and 2015 was packed with epic , historic moments .
We got our hands on this year 's activity data from Twitter and , no matter what lens you view 2015 through , these moments reveal the true face of the past year , from its dramatic highs to its somber lows .
Top Retweets
Despite the current tensions around events like mass shootings , terrorism and civil protests , it turns out that the soothing balm of entertainment ruled Twitter in 2015 , with tweets about music group One Direction ranking as the top three retweets of the year . The very top tweet , Harry Styles wishing his departing bandmate Zayn Malik goodbye , embodied the positive nature of the social network when it 's at its best .
All the love as always . H
— Harry Styles . ( @ Harry_Styles ) March 26 , 2015
Trailing right behind that , President Barack Obama 's tweet approving of the Supreme Court 's ruling to legalize same-sex marriage in the US was a huge hit . For many , the president 's opinion on the topic , which has been a divisive issue in some states over the past few years , signaled a beginning of the end to the debate about same-sex marriage rights .
Today is a big step in our march toward equality . Gay and lesbian couples now have the right to marry , just like anyone else . # LoveWins
— President Obama ( @ POTUS ) June 26 , 2015
One particularly popular retweet was the final message from actor Leonard Nimoy . `` A life is like a garden , '' Nimoy wrote , just before passing away on February 27 . `` Perfect moments can be had , but not preserved , except in memory . '' The message served as a kind of reminder that your last tweet may , unexpectedly , become the last important message you send to the world .
Hashtags
Like the top retweets , the top hashtags on Twitter were focused on positive messages . As protests over police brutality disproportionately targeting black people in the US grew , the hashtag # BlackLivesMatter continued to carry over from the previous year . Controversial to some as a politically complicated issue , the hashtag nevertheless became the go-to phrase on Twitter when looking to draw attention to the issue of race and law enforcement in the US .
Of course , no one will soon forget the hashtags # JeSuisParis ( a callback to # JeSuisCharlie ) and # PrayForParis , both of which took over Twitter in the wake of the terrorist attacks in November in Paris . The outpouring of support from heads of state , including President Barack Obama , as well as a wide array of celebrities , let the people of Paris know that the world was behind them .
On the much lighter side of things , hashtags like # PlutoFlyBy and # TheDress both played to the Internet 's fascination with the exploration of space and the more mundane , yet no less mysterious , debates over the color of a now famous dress .
The images on People 's Daily Online show some rather tubby Siberian tigers lolling around at a zoo in northeast China ’ s Harbin .
Some social media users have joked that the cats were a little over-indulgent over China 's Spring Festival , which revolves around a run of excessive family feasts .
While many commenters have raised concerns about the large size of the animals , it is natural for the tigers to overeat over the winter months in a bid to survive the harsh Siberian winters .
Similar temperatures are witnessed in Harbin , which is nicknamed Ice City .
The area often experiences lows of minus 18 degrees Celsius in January . February and March can prove to be equally as bitter .
Siberian tigers are famed for being the biggest cat species on the planet .
There was one unconfirmed report of a wild male tiger weighing 847lbs back in 1950 and a record-breaking captive Siberian tiger named Jaipur tipped the scales at a colossal 1,025lbs .
The tigers recently photographed in Harbin should return to their regular weight during the summer months .
Temperatures in the area are a little less frosty from June to August , averaging around 21 degrees Celsius .
Siberian Tiger Park is the largest natural park for wild Siberian tigers in the world at present , occupying an area of 1,440,000 square meters .
It has stabilized the population of Siberian tigers for decades due to intensive conservation efforts and more than 90 big cats were born in 2016 .
Many of us choose antibacterial soap thinking we are taking extra measures to protect ourselves from germs .
But now , a study has found it is no more effective than plain soap at killing bacteria .
Millions of consumers in the US use antibacterial hand soap and body wash products , spending nearly $ 1 billion annually , researchers said .
In the UK , the soap , bath and shower market , which includes both anti-bacterial and plain soap , was worth £638 million in 2014 , according to Mintel .
The expectation is that antibacterial products will provide more protection from germs than plain soap , the researchers continued .
However , their study revealed there is 'no significant ' difference between antibacterial soap and the normal type .
Korean scientists examined the effect of triclosan , the active antiseptic ingredient most commonly used in these types of soaps .
They examined how effectively the ingredient killed bacteria , testing it against 20 strains .
They added triclosan to bacteria warmed to 22°C ( room temperature ) and 40°C ( warm temperature ) for 20 seconds , to recreate the conditions under which humans normally wash their hands .
They used a triclosan concentration of 0.3 percent - the maximum allowed by law .
They found triclosan had killed significantly more bacteria after nine hours or more , but not during the short time required for hand washing .
Then , they compared the ability of antibacterial and non-antibacterial soap to remove bacteria from human hands , by using 16 healthy adult volunteers .
They found it was no more effective , both experiments indicating that there is 'no significant difference ' between the effects of plain soap and antibacterial soap when used under ‘ real life ’ conditions , they concluded .
The paper 's lead author , Dr Min-Suk Rhee , of Korea University , said 'advertisement and consumer belief regarding the effectiveness of antibacterial soaps needs to be addressed . '
This coin social experiment has gone viral .
A Twitter user from London named Jamahl McMurran tweeted a picture with this caption : `` So my Airbnb guest and I decided to place 15000 2p coins on the canal and see what would happen ... . # coinsbythecanal . ''
The whole experiment came about when Jamahl 's Airbnb guest , a freelance photographer named Lana Mesic , could n't decide what to do with the 15,000 coins she used in an art installation .
`` I was doing an artist residency in London and doing research on how value is created , '' she said . For her residency project , Mesic created a tower of coins . She is having trouble trying to figure out how to transport the 15,000 coin work of art that weighed about 235 pounds back to Holland .
They were having a drink on McMurran 's balcony when he was struck with the idea to leave the coins out along the canal below and see how people react to them . Thus the social experiment was born .
The next morning , the coins were put out and they began to observe ... and of course live tweet the experiment .
These kids popped a squat and played in the pile of coins .
This kid filled a bag and struggled real hard .
This dude took a picture of his umbrella on top of the coin pile .
This passerby grabbed a few coins from the road .
There was this awesome guy who decided to make it rain .
Observations were cut short when these guys showed up ... and took the lot .
Mesic and McMurran think that the social media reaction to their experiment has been awesome .
`` I think the social experiment has gone viral because people love watching other people 's behaviours , '' said McMurran . `` Humans are naturally interested in what others do and how they behave in unusual circumstances . ''
`` When you have something like this , it ’ s almost like a treasure pile , '' said Mesic . `` Like a pirate with a chest of coins . It appeals to something magic . ''
The highlight of this social experiment was definitely this guy . What a legend .
Her touching portraits of Prince George and Princess Charlotte delighted a nation .
Now the Duchess of Cambridge 's family snaps have seen her commended by the prestigious Royal Photographic Society .
Kate , 34 , has been given honorary lifetime membership in recognition of her talent and enthusiasm .
She is thought to be the first person to be given the honour without having won one of the society 's awards , and was said to be very pleased .
The Duchess a keen amateur photographer has released a number of photographs of her children .
She broke with tradition to take the first official photographs of Princess Charlotte in 2015 and pictures of Prince George on his first day at nursery received widespread praise . But holiday snaps taken in Borneo received mixed reviews .
The society , established in 1853 , works to promote photography and to support photographers irrespective of their level of knowledge , equipment or skills .
It holds exhibitions and workshops and has a long tradition of links to the Royal family : Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were early patrons while several official Royal photographers were members . Professional photographer Lord Snowdon won its Hood Medal in 1978 .
The society believes Kate is an excellent role model for keen amateur photographers . A spokeswoman said it was clear she had photographic talent .
Dr Michael Pritchard , chief executive of the RPS , said : `` The Duchess of Cambridge has had a long-standing interest in photography and its history . ''
`` She is latest in a long line of royal photographers and the society is pleased to recognise her talent and enthusiasm through honorary membership . We look forward to a continuing relationship with her . ''
The decision to honour the Duchess saving her the annual ￡108 membership fee received a mix response from other members yesterday .
`` This is excellent news and further validation of the importance of photography in our world , '' Susan Leonard wrote on Facebook .
But Amy Robinson said : `` Honorary membership could be better allocated to those more deserving in my personal opinion . '' Former picture editor and society member Ken Lennox welcomed the move .
`` I think she has a good eye , she shoots quite well . ''
`` We have all seen her photographs and I think she does it competently , as well as some professional photographers . ''
`` She has the advantage that she has plenty of time with her subjects but she is a competent photographer and I welcome our new member . ''
The Duchess , who studied history of art at St Andrews University , has been spotted several times taking photos on Royal tours with her Canon EOS 5D Mark II and is understood to be knowledgeable about all aspects of photography .
After university , she curated a number of exhibitions and was later commissioned to take photographs for her parents ' company Party Pieces in 2008 . But an exhibition of her own photos , due to be staged in the same year , was put on hold , it was reported .
Photographs taken during a 2012 trip to Borneo , with Prince William , were published on the couple 's website .
They included a shot of a misty Mount Kinabalu - the highest point in Borneo at 13,400ft above sea level - and a black-and-white image of an orangutan .
They received praise from Royal photographer Hugo Rittson Thomas , who said Kate could have had a career in photography if circumstances had been different .
But others commented it was further evidence of the couple 's attempts to carefully control all aspects of their public life .
A pair of polls released Sunday showed President Donald Trump approaching his 100th day in office with the lowest level of support any modern president .
Forty-two percent of people in an ABC News/Washington Post poll said they approved of Trump 's performance so far , while 53 % said they disapproved . An NBC/Wall Street Journal poll had 40 % of respondents saying they approved of Trump and 54 % saying they disapproved .
But the bad news was n't Trump 's alone . The ABC/Washington Post poll found significant majorities said both the Democratic and Republican parties were `` out of touch '' with the concerns of most Americans .
Sixty-seven percent of respondents said the Democratic Party was out of touch , as did 62 % for the Republican Party . Less than a third said either party was `` in touch . ''
Trump fared slightly better than the parties , with 58 % saying he was out of touch .
Despite Trump 's low approval numbers , the poll showed him retaining support among his base , with 96 % of people who said they voted for him saying they would do so again . The poll showed only 85 % of those who voted for Hillary Clinton would do so again , with most of those who would not saying they would either go with a third-party candidate or not vote at all .
That difference in remaining support for the two candidates would mean Trump would best Clinton 43 to 40 % in a hypothetical rematch today . In the actual election Clinton failed to achieve an electoral victory but outpaced Trump by almost 2.9 million votes , with 65,853,516 ( 48.18 % ) to his 62,984,825 ( 46.09 % ) according to the Federal Election Commission .
Trump seized on the poll 's findings in a pair of tweets Sunday afternoon saying : `` New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative . Would still beat Hillary in ... popular vote . ABC News/Washington Post Poll ( wrong big on election ) said almost all stand by their vote on me & amp ; 53 % said strong leader . ''
Gallup 's historical presidential approval numbers showed most presidents were near the height of their popularity in the beginning of their first terms .
Thirty-four percent of the ABC/Washington Post poll respondents said they disapproved of Trump including his daughter Ivanka Trump and son-in-law Jared Kushner in his administration .
And a majority , 54 % , said they did not have a problem with Trump working out of Mar-a-lago , his private club in Florida .
The ABC News/Washington Post poll surveyed 1,004 adults over April 17-20 and had a margin of error ±3.5 % points . The NBC/WSJ poll surveyed 900 adults over that same period and had a margin of error ±3.3 % points .
It was a swift fling even by Taylor 's standards . The high profile , and much mocked , romance between the music superstar and British actor Tom Hiddleston lasted just three months .
A source close to the couple said the split was `` amicable '' . They were last known to have spent time together in mid-August after Taylor Swift sent her plane to pick Hiddleston up from Australia where he was filming the latest Thor movie .
It took him to her home in Rhode Island for the weekend but , sadly , it would be their last time spent together .
Swift and Hiddleston began dating amid a blaze of publicity in June when they were photographed canoodling on a beach near Swift 's home in Rhode Island , New England .
Now , the relationship is said to have `` fizzled '' out , with the 26-year-old singer reportedly uncomfortable with public displays of affection .
`` She was the one to put the brakes on the relationship , '' a source close to the couple told Us magazine . `` Tom wanted the relationship to be more public than she was comfortable with . Taylor knew the backlash that comes with public displays of affection but Tom did n't listen to her concerns when she brought them up . ''
Hiddleston , 35 , is `` embarrassed that the relationship fizzled out , '' the source said .
The flurry of paparazzi snaps of the pair together - including one of Hiddleston wearing an `` I heart TS '' t-shirt - drew intense scrutiny , with some even questioning whether it was a real romance or a `` showmance '' .
`` The truth is that Taylor Swift and I are together , and we 're very happy . That 's the truth . It 's not a publicity stunt , '' Hiddleston told the Hollywood Reporter in July .
`` It was an intense start , '' a Hiddleston insider told Us . `` No one can keep that kind of momentum going . ''
As well as the photographs in the US , Swift was pictured going for a romantic walk along a Suffolk beach with the Night Manager actor - accompanied by his mother .
The scrutiny did n't diminish even when they arrived two weeks later in Australia , where Hiddleston was filming Thor : Ragnarok .
Swift returned to the US and the time apart is said to have put a strain on the relationship .
`` They get along great and will remain friends , but they just do n't see it working romantically right now , '' the source close to the couple told Us .
The relationship emerged two weeks after the Shake It Off singer split with Calvin Harris . The Scottish DJ later criticised Swift on Twitter , accusing her of trying to `` bury '' him in a bid for publicity .
When have we been more in need of a joyous , candy-coloured , relentlessly perky , exclamation-mark-ridden , outrageously funny sitcom about … an abduction survivor ?
Mark Rylance 's Cromwell became one of the people of the year , 475 years after he died .
Sky Atlantic The really magnificent thing was not the nice feeling that Don had attained career zenith , but that expectation was so totally confounded .
Catastrophe is full of cynical and sinful people , but at its heart it ’ s an ordinary love story , couched in some first-class swearing , about sexual honesty , served with a side-plate of adultery , lust , elderly parents , flirtatious colleagues , money worries and a dead dog .
London Spy succeeded in keeping a place in the British schedules for the idea of Hard TV : dramas that demand intense concentration and refuse to give up all their secrets on a first – or even a second – viewing .
The nation can achieve its GDP growth target of `` around 7 percent '' this year without any risk of a systemic financial crisis , said members of the country 's top political advisory body on Friday .
With economic expansion having moderated to a `` new normal '' pace , potential GDP growth will still be about 8 percent this year and in the next 20 years , said Justin Yifu Lin , former chief economist and senior vice-president of the World Bank .
His comments came during a news conference at the Third Session of the 12th National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference .
China still has huge development potential in many industries , such as equipment manufacturing , e-commerce , Internet finance , alternative energy and environmental protection . Productivity should be continually improved by relying on technological innovation and industrial upgrading , he said .
The government reduced the 2015 GDP growth target to `` around 7 percent '' from `` around 7.5 percent '' in the past three years . Slower growth will provide more room for structural adjustments while maintaining a bottom line to ensure a stable labor market , according to the government work report .
Further moderation of economic growth will add pressure on commercial banks ' lending activity , because more enterprises may face lower profits and even possible bankruptcy . But it is unreasonable to say that China 's banking sector will collapse , said Yang Kaisheng , former president of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd .
`` Downward pressure will increase in 2015 and commercial banks ' ability to digest bad loans is important , '' said Yang .
Domestic banks ' nonperforming loan ratio is relatively low compared with the world 's largest banks , he said .
Separately , People 's Bank of China Governor Zhou Xiaochuan said on Friday that this year 's broad money supply growth target will be more flexible , aiming to better support the real economy .
`` M2 is an important indicator of macroeconomic policy , but it is not necessary to fix it at a certain level , '' said Zhou . `` It is more significant to set targets for new jobs , GDP growth and inflation to monitor the development , '' he said .
Although this year 's M2 growth target was cut to 12 percent from 13 percent , consistent with a lower nominal GDP growth target , the government work report said that the actual outcome could be higher , suggesting that 12 percent may be better considered as a lower boundary .
The report also called for the use of both price and quantitative monetary instruments to help lower financing costs in the economy .
An eight-year-old boy in China was so desperate to spend time with his father before the summer holidays ended that he sent a letter to his father 's employer .
The boy 's dad was unable to take time off because he was under intense pressure at work , reports the People 's Daily Online .
So the child from Beijing decided to take drastic action on July 25 , penning a note to his dad 's boss which has since gone viral on Chinese social media .
The father who works in IT says his son handed him the note on July 25 before he headed to work .
'To dad 's boss , my friend Xiao Ming is with his father and mother travelling during the summer vacation . I also want to go out to play but my father said he is busy with work . Can you give my dad a few days off ? Xiao Ming said that people who do not travel in summer are lame . '
He says he intended to take his son to Yunnan and Sichuan provinces however he was under intense pressure at work , reports Red Star News .
The father told reporters that he feels a little guilty and helpless .
He told reporters that following the note , he has made up his mind to take a few days leave and take his son somewhere .
The Red Star News article has since been shared some 1.6 million times on Chinese social media site Weibo .
“ On Saturday morning just before Gymnastics , My Dranbaby found out that our President Barack Obama was no longer going to be our President ! ! ! He has been her President all of her life and Yes her birthday is also on AUGUST 4 ! ! ! ! My poor baby ! ! ! ”
-- Posted by Caprina D Harris on Monday , February 15 , 2016
A video of a young girl sobbing upon learning that Barack Obama 's presidency was coming to an end went viral this week , garnering nearly 2.5 million views and more than 11,000 comments . But on Saturday , one comment stood out from the rest .
The president responded to Caprina Harris ' video posted Feb. 15 of her `` Dranbaby '' crying uncontrollably because she found out that Obama was no longer going to be president .
`` He can only serve two terms and his time is up , '' Harris is heard saying over the girl 's sobs . `` It 's okay . We got ta vote for another president ! ''
`` I 'm not ready . I 'm not ready for a new one ! '' Harris ' granddaughter wails . Harris explains in the caption that Obama held the office of the president for the duration of the young girl 's life .
The young girl , who shares an Aug. 4 birthday with Obama , is comforted only by the thought of writing him a letter , and calling her mother .
But Harris received a response quicker than the postal service when Obama commented on the video Saturday afternoon .
The comment , which had over 1,000 `` Likes '' and nearly 100 replies by Sunday morning , reads :
`` Caprina , tell her to dry her tears because I 'm not going anywhere . Once I leave the White House , I 'll still be a citizen just like her . And when she grows up , she can get involved right alongside me . In the meantime , I 'll keep an eye out for her letter , and we 'll always get to celebrate our birthdays together ! ''
So Taylor Swift has been seen with a new man : British actor Tom Hiddleston . The thinking woman 's Daniel Craig put on a show of manly pizzazz at the Met Ball in May , when he and Swift embarked upon an impromptu performance of what The Telegraph 's dance critic called `` possibly the extraordinary dance I 've every seen '' .
It was said to have sparked the break-up between her and Scottish DJ Adam `` Calvin Harris '' Wiles some weeks later , and now the pair have been pictured canoodling on the coast .
The world , of course , is surprised : there is a 10-year age-gap . Swift is a New York-dwelling superstar taking a hiatus from a global tour and a record-breaking album . Hiddleston is the UK 's favourite contender to play the new James Bond , a man who made headlines when his naked bottom appeared on BBC One . How could these two , of all people , be photographed kissing on a rock ?
But Swift 's fans are more likely experiencing a sense of de-ja vu . Here is a woman whose starry love-life is so well documented that she wrote a song about the media 's reaction to it . If you 're not aware of her trail of exes so far , here 's a swift ( sorry ) recap :
Joe Jonas
Who ?
The most successful of pop trio The Jonas Brothers , with whom he has sold 17 million albums . Jonas has also embarked on other ventures , such as acting as himself in Jonas brother-themed Disney series and setting up another band called DNCE .
When ?
July - October 2008 .
What happened ?
Jonas reportedly ended the relationship via a 27-second-long phone call after meeting actress Camilla Belle .
Did he inspire any songs ?
Last-minute Fearless addition Forever and Always , which Swift told Rolling Stone was a way to deal with the `` really dramatic and crazy '' aftermath of the relationship . She explained on a track-by-track insight into the 2008 album that man in the song was `` slowly [ slipping ] away '' from her .
Taylor Lautner
Who ?
The actor known for playing the lycanthropic teenage heartthrob Jacob Black in the film adaptation of The Twilight Saga .
When ?
August - November 2009 .
What happened ?
After meeting in Swift 's dressing room for 2010 rom-com Valentine 's Day , in which she had a bit part , the pair never quite made it past a few months together .
Did he inspire any songs ?
John Mayer
Who ?
The older man . Singer-songwriter John Mayer is better known for his string of high-profile ex-girlfriends , including : Jennifer Love Hewitt , Jessica Simpson and Jennifer Aniston . He was 32 when he reportedly dated the 21-year-old Swift .
When ?
November 2009 - February 2010 .
What happened ?
This is a relationship that was far outlasted by the controversy and public dissection after it ended , with Mayer admitting he was `` humiliated '' by a song Swift wrote and was thought to be about him . She denied claims of his inspiration as `` presumptuous '' .
Did he inspire any songs ?
`` The song Dear John is sort of like the last email you would ever send to someone that you used to be in a relationship with . Usually people write this venting last email to someone and they say everything that they want to say to that person , and then they usually do n't send it . I guess by putting this song on the album I am pushing send . ''
Jake Gyllenhaal
Who ?
A-List actor known for films such as Brokeback Mountain , Southpaw and Donnie Darko .
When ?
October - December 2010 .
What happened ?
Swift and Gyllenhaal 's relationship was very public , albeit short-lived . They spent Thanksgiving together in Brooklyn , reportedly at the home of Gyllenhaal 's actress sister Maggie , before travelling to Swift 's hometown of Nashville . It 's not clear why they broke up .
Did he inspire any songs ?
A considerable chunk of her 2012 album Red . Swift explained the process of writing All Too Well , saying :
`` All Too Well was the hardest to write because it took me a long time to filter through everything I wanted to say ... It started out being a 10-minute song , which you ca n't put on an album . I had to filter it down to a story that could work in the form of a song . ''
Fans also think the relationship inspired Red 's fiery ode to on-off relationships , We Are Never Getting Back Together .
Conor Kennedy
Who ?
Tousle-haired descendant of famous Kennedy family and , at the time of their relationship , a schoolboy .
When ?
Summer 2012 .
What happened ?
Swift met Kennedy after befriending his grandmother Ethel and spent time at the Kennedy family home in Hyannis Port , Massachusetts . The pair split at the end of summer , when Kennedy had to return to his studies and Swift had an album to finish . Some said that the distance and commitments were to blame , while other reports claimed Swift was `` obsessed '' with Conor 's famous family and `` came on too strong '' .
Did he inspire any songs ?
Some say Everything Has Changed , which Swift sung with Ed Sheeran , pays homage to Kennedy .
Harry Styles
Who ?
The most famous member of British boy band One Direction .
When ?
November 2012 - January 2013 .
What happened ?
The pop world near-exploded when Swift , then at the peak of her Red-era fame , and Styles – at the summit of his One Direction acclaim – were photographed together in New York . Swift even visited Styles ' northern hometown to celebrate her birthday with his family . But it all fell apart by the new year , apparently after a significant row .
Did he inspire any songs ?
Some would say the entirety of her 2014 album , 1989 , was inspired by Styles . The smoking gun appears to be a paper aeroplane pendant necklace belonging to Styles , that Swift was pictured wearing during their relationship and features in lyrics to songs including Out of the Woods and Style .
Calvin Harris
Who ?
Known to his friends ( and presumably Swift ? ) as Adam Wiles , Harris is a globally successful DJ and producer . When he and Swift were together they became the highest-earning musical couple in the world . 朋友们（斯威夫特也是？）叫他Adam Wiles，
When ?
March 2015 - June 2016
What happened ?
Unlike Swift 's earlier relationships , pop 's ephemeral golden couple were defined , documented and , finally , ended through social media . Together , Harris and Swift supported and boosted each-other 's careers , but their relationship was lived out in rose-tinted Instagram snaps rather than red carpet appearances .
Did he inspire any songs ?
Not yet , but fans are hoping to hear the inside story on Swift album number six .
Chinese diver He Zi wins Olympic silver -- then gets a proposal on the podium
Love is in the air at Rio 2016 -- and the world 's top athletes are getting in on the act .
Just moments after receiving her silver medal in Sunday 's 3-meter springboard event , China 's He Zi was asked to take a very different kind of plunge .
The 25-year-old was met by boyfriend Qin Kai , a fellow Olympic diver , who bent low on one knee by the podium before offering up a box containing an engagement ring .
She appeared shocked , and covered her mouth before Qin placed the ring on her finger and gave a `` thumbs up '' to the spectators .
Chinese diver He Zi gets engaged after winning silver medal
Shortly after she received a silver medal for her second-place finish in the women ’ s three-meter springboard final on Sunday , China ’ s He Zi received an engagement ring from her longtime boyfriend in one of the more adorable moments of the Rio Games .
Chinese diver Qin Kai , who won silver in the men ’ s three-meter springboard in London , got down on one knee to pop the question in front of the crowd after He and teammate Shi Tingmao took the top two spots in Sunday ’ s event .
In twist , Chinese divers get engaged on Olympic medal stage
China 's He Zi received the shock of her life when teammate and boyfriend Qin Kai rushed up with a diamond ring during the medal ceremony of the women 's 3 metre springboard event , marking the second marriage proposal of the Olympics .
Qin , who won a bronze medal in his own synchronized diving event last week , climbed up to the stage after He received her silver medal , getting down on one knee while holding a red box with the ring and a glass-encased rose .
'I did n't know he would propose today and I did n't expect myself to marry myself out so early , ' said He , who tearfully accepted the proposal with a big hug .
'I 've forgotten most of what he 's said ( during the proposal ) , but it 's largely what you can expect like promises , but what touched me the most is that he said he was willing to be bullied by me for life , ' she said .
A marriage proposal at the Olympics medal ceremony
Chinese diver He Zi had just received a silver medal for the women 's three-metre springboard at the Rio Olympics on Sunday .
But she ended up with another prize when her boyfriend Qin Kai , in front of a global TV audience , went down on one knee .
Luckily for Qin , who himself won bronze in the men 's three-metre synchronised springboard last week , He Zi said yes .
`` We 've been dating for six years , but I did n't expect him to propose today , '' she said . `` He said a lot of things , made a lot of promises , but I think the thing that touched me the most is I think this is the guy I can trust for the rest of my life . ''
But some viewers have suggested that his shock proposal stole the limelight from her other precious medal , her Olympic medal .
Chinese diver He Zi misses out on gold medal but bags diamond ring as boyfriend proposes
A Chinese diver missed out on Olympic gold but bagged a diamond ring after her teammate boyfriend surprised her by popping the question .
He Zi got the shock of her life when partner Qin Kai interrupted the medal ceremony of the women 's 3 metre springboard event to get down on one knee .
Qin , who won a bronze medal in his own synchronized diving event last week , took to the stage in front of a crowd of thousands after He received her silver medal .
He tearfully accepted the proposal with a big hug .
A Russian cybersecurity firm has issued a warning about a spate of remotely coordinated attacks on cash machines .
Hacks of banks ' centralised systems had made groups of machines issue cash simultaneously , a process known as `` touchless jackpotting '' , said Group IB .
The machines had not been physically tampered with , it said , but `` money mules '' had waited to grab the cash .
Affected countries are said to include Armenia , Estonia , the Netherlands , Poland , Russia , Spain and the UK .
But the company declined to name any specific banks .
Dmitriy Volkov from Group IB told the BBC a successful attack could net its perpetrators up to $ 400,000 at a time .
`` We have seen such attacks in Russia since 2013 , '' he said .
`` The threat is critical . Attackers get access to an internal bank 's network and critical information systems . That allows them to rob the bank . ''
Two cash machine manufacturers , Diebold Nixdorf and NCR Corp , told Reuters they were aware of the threat .
`` They are taking this to the next level in being able to attack a large number of machines at once , '' said senior director Nicholas Billett , from Diebold Nixdorf .
`` They know they will be caught fairly quickly , so they stage it in such a way that they can get cash from as many ATMs as they can before they get shut down . ''
'Follow the money '
A recent report by Europol warned of the rise of cash-machine-related malware , although it said `` skimming '' - using hardware to steal card information at the machine itself - was still more common .
`` The new method is being done by somehow gaining access to the banks ' central systems and infecting whole communities of ATMs simultaneously , hence multiplying the amount of money that can be stolen in a short time , '' said Surrey University 's cybersecurity expert Prof Alan Woodward .
Because criminals were collecting the cash in person , it made the crime more difficult to trace , he added .
`` The classic way of solving online financial crime is to 'follow the money ' - but when you can no longer do this , it is very hard to find out who is behind it , even though the evidence suggests it is a very limited number of groups that have started perpetrating this type of crime . ''
With less than a month to go before the Republican National Convention , Donald Trump sent the first fundraising email of his entire campaign on Tuesday . The billionaire eccentric promised to personally match all contributions up to $ 2 million .
The email comes a day after a campaign finance report showed that his campaign had just $ 1.3 million cash on hand entering June , putting him in the largest financial hole of any modern presidential candidate .
It is fairly late for a presumptive major party presidential nominee to be sending their first fundraising email . Fundraising pitches are n't just useful to pull in money from small-dollar donors , but they also provide important data , enabling the candidate to maximize turnout and engagement from their most active supporters .
The promise to match donations is also a long-used trope in political fundraising emails , but it 's impossible to know if campaigns actually deliver on such promises . There is no legal mechanism to ensure those promised matched funds will be donated , or that they even exist .
Trump 's promise to match up to $ 2 million in contributions should be viewed with skepticism , given that he has repeatedly promised to donate money to veterans groups and other assorted charities and then has either failed to pony up the funds or has only done so after being outed by the press .
Redheads and people who are losing their hair could finally get their own emoji .
The Emojipedia website has submitted new emojis following demands for them to be more diverse .
If its ideas are approved , the new emoji could be added next year , alongside new characters that have grey , curly or Afro hair .
New styles 'focus on appearances that aren ’ t currently supported in the informal skin tone/hair color pairings used by many vendors ' , the Emojipedia 's submission page said .
The page gave Jessica Chastain and Ed Sheeran as examples of people with red hair .
Sinead O'Connor and Samuel L Jackson were given as examples of people with no hair or a shaven head .
The emoji could be released in 2018 if chosen by the Unicode Consortium following a number of complaints about lack of diversity .
At the end of last year Apple unveiled its iOS 10.2 software update which included 72 new emojis such as a firefighter , welder , astronaut and rockstar .
But redheads were notably absent prompting a global outcry .
An online petition in Scotland demanding ginger emoji got 20,000 signatures .
The main issue is there is one , overarching organisation , known as Unicode Consortium , who controls emoji on iPhone .
In March a new list of 69 emojis were published by Emojipedia which might be released later this year .
However , the emojis need to be approved by the Unicode Technical Committee before people can use them .
In 2015 , Ginger emoji were unveiled on the Google Play Store for Android . But up until now , the Unicode Consortium has been reluctant to give into ginger campaigners .
If you suspect someone is n't being totally honest , listen carefully to what they 're saying and how - you might spot one of these four signs .
What was the last lie you told ? If your answer is along the lines of 'so long ago , I ca n't remember ' , that 's most likely a big fib - because we lie up to 200 times a day !
This is n't to say you 're a shady Machiavellian character . Often the lies we tell are along the lines of `` I 'm fine '' when someone asks how you are .
Our motivation is n't necessarily to deceive or cover up our tracks . According to Lifehacker , we lie predominantly because `` we want to connect ourselves to who we think we should be . ''
But if we 're churning out the lies , it means others are too . And while some are innocuous and will have no impact on our life , there 's a chance some will .
Short of forcing someone to take a polygraph test , there are four indicators .
So , how to spot a liar ?
1 . Third person
Someone who 's lying will try to keep the self-references to a bare minimum .
They use the third-person as a means of distancing themselves from the deception .
So , for example , instead of saying `` I did n't do it '' they might say `` that did n't happen '' .
2 . Being negative
Listen out for the sort of language someone you suspect is lying is using .
If they 're using negative language , that 's a good indicator as liars express a lot of negativity because they subconsciously feel bad about lying .
3 . Keeping it simple
Because it 's difficult for liars to come up with a complex story on the spot , they often offer simplified stories , with no nuance .
Watch out for generalised and over-simplified terms explanations .
4 . Overly-complex phrasing
But , somewhat confusingly , although their stories , excuses and explanations are simple , the phrases they use tend to waffle and go on a bit .
Keep and ear out for complex and disjointed sentences with unnecessary detail - it 's a good sign they 're telling porkies .
It might take China a decade to tackle its notorious smog problem , said Zhong Nanshan , a deputy of the National People 's Congress and a renowned respiratory expert specializing in pandemics .
`` Some experts said China might have to spend 30 years to fight the haze , like the lessons of London 's Great Smog in 1952 , but joint efforts nationwide might cut the time to 10 years , '' said Zhong at a news conference on Thursday in Beijing .
`` A fresh breath of air requires both favorable meteorological conditions and nationwide effort . ''
According to research by Peking University on the improvement of air conditions during the 2008 Beijing Olympics , the shutdown of polluting plants and banning of vehicles with excessive emissions during the Games reduced air pollution by 30 percent and PM2.5 , particulate matter with a diameter smaller than 2.5 microns , by 55 percent , said Zhong .
Residents ' heart rates also decreased while the function of blood platelets improved and blood pressure lowered , he said .
`` This proves that China could have blue skies , '' said Zhong .
Another proof was that Beijing was free of smog during the APEC meetings as emission-heavy production was halted and half of the cars across the capital were kept off the roads .
`` I was in Beijing during the APEC meeting and I was reminded of some 60 years ago , when I first came to Beijing to study in 1955 , '' said Zhong .
`` Beijing was free of smog or any haze back then , thanks to fewer vehicles discharging pollutants . ''
Zhong said that to improve air conditions nationwide , China should cut down on the consumption of coal , use better quality fuel and find less-polluting methods for companies .
A school has been forced to 'ban ' pupils from bringing 'inappropriate ' designer handbags to lessons . Teachers at All Saints ' Academy in Cheltenham , Gloucestershire , claim the luxury items are not suitable for carrying A4 files , textbooks and PE kits .
Some of the 900 students who arrived for the new term on January 5 with new bags from designers including Ted Baker , which can cost up to £289 , were told to bring a rucksack the next day .
But parents at the church school , which opened in 2011 , said the clampdown was 'pathetic ' and argued that many designer bags are perfectly functional .
One mother , Martine Allen , claimed her teenage daughter was given a warning over her new £39 pink Ted Baker shopping bag .
The 32-year-old said : 'I fully understand and totally agree with the handbag situation going on .
' [ But ] my daughter 's bag is 36cm in height and width and a 15cm depth . It can carry all her books , PE kit , lunch , in it at once .
'In my sense [ it ] is fully reasonable for her school equipment . She now has to take a Jack Wills rucksack which does n't fit half of what she needs in it and it is a named bag . '
The headteacher , Dermot McNiffe , issued the handbag warning to pupils in a letter to parents on December 18 last year , as well as banning mobiles during school hours .
Photographs of the kind of bags he deemed suitable and the kind of designer handbags he did not were included in the letter .
He wrote : 'A school bag is an essential item for all our students .
'In keeping with our policy on excellent standards of uniform , we are requesting students use an appropriate bag for school that will contain books and folders of an A4 size .
'We have identified that there has been a lack of clarity on the type of bag to use for school , which has resulted in some students using designer handbags which are not appropriate for carrying exercise and text books to school .
'Many thanks for your continued support in helping All Saints ' Academy maintain standards in uniform and expectations for learning . '
Parents have since slammed the decision on Facebook .
Annabel Holland wrote : 'Unless they provide every pupil with a school rucksack as part of the uniform I do n't see how they can tell you what bag you can and ca n't take to school . '
Tracie Hale added : 'They go to school for an education does it really matter what bag they use . Pathetic really . '
And Vicki Hodges said : 'They should have stated this before the kids went back in September .
'I do n't see what the difference is between a River Island hand bag and an Adidas back pack . They 've both got brand names on and can both fit school books and folders in .
' [ It ] does n't affect them learning in the slightest . '
It comes after a 13-year-old schoolgirl claimed she was sent home from the school on the first day of term in 2013 because her skirt was ‘ too stretchy ’ .
Holly-Mae Donaldson 's skirt conflicted with the school ’ s uniform code , which states all skirts must be knee-length without splits or pleats , and must not stretch .
Mr McNiffe added : 'School bags are an essential item for all of our students and in keeping with our excellent standards of uniform , we have requested to parents that students use an appropriate school bag .
'As an Academy we don ’ t consider designer handbags to be appropriate for the school day .
'Being properly organised for school with the appropriate equipment and uniform contributes to our focus on a strong learning culture . '
Authorities in several states were on the lookout on Monday for a man police say shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook .
`` He could be nearby . He could be far away or anywhere in between , '' FBI agent Stephen Anthony said on day two of the manhunt for Steve Stephens , a 37-year-old job counselor for teens and young adults .
Police said Stephens killed Robert Godwin Sr , a 74-year-old former foundry worker , on Sunday .
Investigators said Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens , despite the suspect 's claim in a separate video on Facebook that he had killed more than a dozen people .
Officers searched dozens of places around the city and spoke with the suspect by cellphone , police said .
Police chief Calvin Williams warned residents to be careful as they go about their day .
Authorities also warned people in Pennsylvania , New York , Indiana and Michigan to be alert for Stephens , who was wanted on a charge of aggravated murder .
Godwin apparently was shot while out picking up cans in a plastic shopping bag , his daughter said .
`` Not because he needed the money , it was just something he did , '' said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin . `` That 's all he was doing . He was n't harming anyone . ''
She said her father , who had 10 children , was a gentle man with nothing mean about him .
`` We called him the junk man , '' she said . `` He 'd pick up things off the street and fix them . He picked up bikes and he fixed them . ''
The motive for the shooting was not clear from the shaky video , in which Stephens told Godwin a woman 's name and said : `` She 's the reason that this is about to happen to you . '' Godwin did not seem to recognize the woman 's name .
The suspect then pointed a gun at Godwin , who shielded his face with the plastic bag .
Facebook said the video was posted after the killing but was not broadcast on Facebook Live as police initially indicated . The suspect did go live on the social media site at another point on Sunday .
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down . Stephens ' Facebook page also was eventually removed .
`` This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook , '' a spokesperson for the company said . `` We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook , and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety . ''
In the separate video , Stephens said : `` I killed 13 , so I 'm working on 14 as we speak . ''
Police said they had not verified any other shootings or deaths .
Stephens worked at Beech Brook , a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike , near Cleveland . He helped young people develop job skills and find employment , said Beech Brook spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer .
An extensive background check before he was hired turned up nothing worrisome , she said .
`` We just hope Mr Stephens is apprehended as quickly as possible so that no one else is injured , '' she said .
In January , four people in Chicago were accused of attacking an 18-year-old disabled man and broadcasting the attack on Facebook Live while shouting `` fuck Donald Trump '' and `` fuck white people '' .
A month later , the accused pleaded not guilty to assaulting the victim .
Rather than just relying on expensive make-up and good lighting , A-list celebrities are trying out extreme procedures in their search for unblemished , wrinkle-free skin .
In order to maintain his youthful glow , One Direction heartthrob Harry Styles reportedly goes books in for £325 sheep placenta facials at Dr Harold Lancer ’ s Beverly Hills clinic in LA .
Hollywood dermatologist and 'aesthetician ’ Louise Deschamps told Grazia the 21-year-old pop star comes to see her for the 90-minute treatment every six weeks .
She told the magazine : ‘ He gets all clogged up - putting on make-up all the time and travelling a lot plays havoc with his skin .
'He takes care of himself and loves the facials , he likes to look good and have good skin . ’
The unusual treatment involves taking the placenta from prime New Zealand livestock - the stem cells , which are full of rich nutrients that fight free-radical skin damage , are extracted and then flash frozen .
They are then mixed into a gel containing gold flecks which are slathered over the face after it has been exfoliated , exposed to steam and had pores opened by LED light from a handheld device .
While it may sound like an intense treatment , the curly-haired star is n't the first to try out an experimental facial .
Reality star Kim Kardashian hit the headlines in 2013 after posting a picture on Twitter of her face covered in blood .
The 34-year-old had undergone a £600 vampire facial , which involves using the patient 's own blood to make improvements to the skin .
Blood is draw out of the arm using a needle before being spun in a machine to remove the platelets .
The remaining fluid is then splattered into the face using tiny acupuncture-style needles .
The platelets are said to help stimulate collagen levels and elastin growth .
Kanye West 's wife revealed : 'I love trying anything that makes you look and feel youthful . '
Other advocates of the therapy include British actress Anna Friel , Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bundchen and Atomic Kitten star Kerry Katona .
Theresa May will promote women into some of the most senior positions in her Government on Wednesday after becoming the second female Prime Minister in Britain ’ s history .
Mrs May is this evening expected to announce significant promotionsfor Amber Rudd , the Energy Secretary , and Justine Greening , the International Development Secretary , as she unveils her new team .
Mrs Rudd is tipped for one of the four big offices of state , with friends of Mrs May suggesting that she could be made Home Secretary , while Mrs Greening is poised to become the new Health Secretary .
Mrs May ’ s reshuffle is likely to propel several female Conservative MPs onto the front bench for the first time and could mean that close to half of the Cabinet are women .
A spokesman for Mrs May said : “ It was Theresa who set up the campaign to elect more female MP ’ s to Parliament – and she has always believed that there should be more women in prominent government positions . ”
Mrs May ’ s appointment makes her only the second female prime minister since Baroness Thatcher .
However , her decision to promote female MPs into senior positions differentiates her from Lady Thatcher .
Lady Thatcher only appointed one woman to any of her Cabinets in the 11 years that she was Prime Minister from 1979 to 1990 .
Friends of Boris Johnson , the former mayor of London , said that he hoped to play a “ significant role ” in Mrs May ’ s Cabinet and feels that he “ has a lot to give ” .
Michael Gove , the Justice Secretary who ended Mr Johnson ’ s leadership hopes by deciding to stand himself , has repeatedly clashed with Mrs May in the past and there are questions over whether he will retain his place in Cabinet .
On Tuesday night it emerged that civil servants have already been charged with finding a building to host her “ ministry for Brexit ” , which will be led by a prominent leave campaigner .
Andrea Leadsom , the energy minister who stepped aside from the leadership race clearing the path for Mrs May to become Prime Minister , is tipped to replace Mrs Rudd as the new Energy Secretary .
Buying a bridal gown can be a pretty hefty expense , but some brides eschewing tradition and selling their used wedding dresses online instead of storing them for the next generation .
Dalia Rhodes from Austin , Texas , has no regrets about sending her wedding dress down the aisle twice . After she wed in 2015 , she sold her gown to a stranger online a year later .
'I just wanted someone else to enjoy a pretty dress , ' said Dalia , who used the website Once Wed to sell it for $ 800 , about half of what she originally paid .
Instead of holding on to wedding dresses for decades , many new brides are willing to swap them online for cash . Several websites cater to them , including Still White and PreownedWeddingDresses.com .
And other online marketplaces , such as eBay , Tradesy and Letgo , are filled with thousands of wedding dresses looking for a new bride .
Just the idea of buying a used wedding dress was 'shocking and horrifying ' before 2008 , said Tracy DiNunzio , the founder and CEO of online clothing and accessories marketplace Tradesy .
She noted that began to change about a decade ago during the recession , when cash-strapped brides were looking for a deal , and now millennials , who seemingly are not as attached to material things as past generations , are putting up their dresses for sale .
'The money is worth more to them once the wedding is over than keeping a dress , ' she explained .
But do n't expect to make quick cash . Not everyone wants a used gown , so it can take weeks or months to find a buyer who also happens to love the style and can fit into the dress .
Well-known designer names , such as Vera Wang and Monique Lhuillier , sell faster , and some brides list their dresses on multiple sites , hoping to reach as many brides-to-be as possible .
The sites typically let listings stay up for as long as needed , charging a one-time fee or taking a percentage when it is finally sold .
Dalia said it took about four months to sell her wedding gown on the Once Wed website . To make sure the dress did n't get damaged during shipping she said she wrapped the dress in 'like , probably , six pounds of bubble wrap . '
The buyer , Heidi Cundari of Thunder Bay , Canada , said she opted to purchase a used dress to keep her wedding costs down . She searched several pre-owned wedding dress websites before she fell for Dalia 's tulle and organza gown .
'It seemed wasteful to spend thousands of dollars on a dress for one day , ' she explained .
Dresses listed on Once Wed take about six months to sell and go for an average of about $ 1,600 , said Once Wed founder Emily Newman . She noted that more and more women are listing their dress for sale before they even get married , so they can ship the dress out once the ceremony is over .
Some sites have seen their popularity soar recently . Still White , for example , said sellers earned $ 500,000 through the site in the past month , up 50 percent from the same time last year .
'Modern brides are less sentimental , more budget savvy , eco-friendly and are comfortable making large purchases online , ' said Still White 's co-founder and CEO Bruno Szajer .
However , Dahlia said she did hold on to two keepsakes : her veil and belt , which she said her future children are more likely to wear than her dress .
Heidi , meanwhile , said she plans to keep the dress and not try to sell it again . Last month she sent pictures of her wedding to Dalia , so she could see the dress in its second trip down the aisle .
'We kind of forged a long distance friendship , ' Heidi said .
A regular trim or treatment at the hairdresser is part of the beauty regime of women the world over . But for the past 13 years , one woman has decided to forego the salon and instead see just how long she can grow her hair .
Dubbed the real life Rapunzel , Russian woman Dashik Gubanova Freckle has earned more than 104,000 followers on Instagram for her exceptionally long cascading hair .
Ms Freckle started growing her hair in 2003 and appears to be very proud of her luscious brown locks .
The Instagram star says she loves 'creativity in all its forms ' , and says her goal is to have her hair reach her toes .
She has also responded to those who have suggested she donate her hair to make wigs . 'This post is for those who say that I should donate their hair for wigs ... In 14 years , I cut a scythe and donate hair for wigs , ' she wrote on Instagram . 'Today , I grow hair . My goal is to grow them to toe . '
Ms Freckle recently shared a video of herself in a rainbow jumpsuit , running her hands through her hair to show just how long it is .
She has also said close to 200 snaps of herself throughout the process and recently posed for a series of snaps that showed the full length of her tresses - the tips of her hair reaching the lower part of her shins .
And despite many questioning how she manages to blow dry her hair , keep it clean and whether she trips over it , the majority of comments left for Ms Freckle have been overwhelmingly positive .
'You remind me of a Barbie doll . I love everything about you . Keep it up , ' one woman wrote on Instagram .
'My friend showed me your videos on FaceBook and I just wanted to tell you I am fascinated by your hair . It 's so beautiful , ' said another .
An Oakland artist is ingeniously battling homelessness in Oakland , California : he builds small houses out of materials he can find in the streets , with each edifice costing around forty bucks .
The tiny homes are made of pallets , bed boards , washing machine doors , and other bizarre objects that catch Greg Kloehn ’ s attention . Mr Kloehn first noticed that homeless people built shelters from whatever they find in the street , and he wanted to make a house like this .
He jokes that he constructs `` illegal homes out of illegal garbage . '' The cost of one house is “ $ 30 to $ 40 , ” Kloehn told RT .
“ The real cost is just in the wheels : I buy large casters for the bottom , so that they are mobile , and then nails , and screws , and paintbrushes . But everything else I get for free , ” he said .
The houses are just comfortable enough to lie down in a warmer place than a cardboard box , and the homeless in Oakland are “ so happy , ” Kloehn told the Independent . `` One cried and got on his knees to thank me . They think I should make them bigger and suggest improvements . They like to decorate them themselves . ”
Currently , about 25 people use the homes . One couple ’ s home burned down , another one was stolen , and a third was sold .
“ It is tough out there . So I keep making more , '' Kloehn said . It takes about a week to finish a house , depending on the style .
“ There are some quick , easy homes in maybe two or three days . But some more elaborate ones , some more Victorian-style ones , some different dome shapes – it takes a little bit longer , '' he told RT .
Some people choose to change their homes , Kloehn said to RT . “ One guy remodeled the house and made it twice as big ! ”
The creator chooses funny names for the homes : R2D2 , The Settler , Romanian Farm House , Uni-bomber Shack , the Tank and The Chuck Wagon to name a few .
“ They are not just homes but fast becoming a life style option . They are usually cheaper than regular homes , giving more people the opportunity of ownership , ” he said .
`` By skipping the traditional 30 years mortgage , perhaps the tiny home movement could even reshape the way we think about work and what we want to accomplish with our lives . '' ”
Finally , a way to justify all those hours spent binge-watching HBO .
The class will explore how the series `` echoes and adapts , as well as distorts the history and culture of the 'medieval world ' of Eurasia from AD 400 to AD 1500 '' by exploring `` a set of archetypal characters at the heart of Game of Thrones with distinct analogues in medieval history , literature , religion , and legend . ''
Harvard 's medieval studies professors hope that the 100-level course can leverage student interest in Game of Thrones into a greater interest in the humanities . As Time noted , student interest in this area of study has waned in recent years , per an American Academy of Arts & amp ; Sciences study that reported an 8.7 percent decline in bachelor 's degrees awarded in this subject area between 2012 and 2014 .
UC Berkeley has offered multiple courses that draw inspiration from the series . In 2015 , it offered a film studies course , `` Film Genre : Game of Thrones '' centered on the show 's theatrical themes .
And this summer , the school will offer a six-week course titled `` The Linguistics of Game of Thrones and the Art of Language Invention , '' taught by Dothraki creator David J. Peterson .
From September 22 to 25 , 2015 , at the invitation of President Barack Obama of the United States of America , President Xi Jinping of the People 's Republic of China paid a state visit to the United States . During the visit , President Xi Jinping and President Obama had in-depth , candid and constructive talks . The two sides reached extensive consensus and arrived at a series of important outcomes . According to the briefing given by officials from the Foreign Ministry , the main consensus and outcomes reached by the two sides are as follows :
I . The New Model of Major-country Relationship Between China and the United States
1 . The two sides commended the important outcomes of the meeting at Sunnylands in 2013 , the meeting in Beijing in 2014 and the meeting in Washington in 2015 between the two presidents , and agreed to continue the endeavor to build a new model of major-country relationship between China and the United States based on mutual respect and win-win cooperation . The two sides agreed to maintain close communication and exchanges at high and other levels , further expand practical cooperation at bilateral , regional and global levels , manage differences in a constructive way to achieve new concrete results in China-U.S. relations to the greater benefit of people of the two countries and the world .
2 . The two sides agreed that , as permanent members of the United Nations Security Council and countries with important global influence , China and the United States should remain committed to maintaining a strong China-U.S. relationship to contribute to the peace , stability and prosperity of the world and the region . The United States welcomes a strong , prosperous and stable China that plays a greater role in international and regional affairs . The United States supports China 's stability and reform . China respects the traditional influence and practical interests of the United States in the Asia-Pacific and welcomes the United States to continue to play a positive and constructive role in regional affairs .
II . Bilateral Practical Cooperation
3 . China and the United States recognize their shared interest in promoting a strong and open global economy , inclusive growth and sustainable development , and a stable international financial system , supported by the multilateral economic institutions founded at the end of World War II that have benefited the peoples of both nations . Both countries recognize and value the substantial contributions that the international financial institutions have made to global growth , higher incomes , the alleviation of poverty , and the maintenance of financial stability since their establishment . The rules-based international economic system has helped to propel China 's unprecedented economic growth over the past 35 years , lifting hundreds of millions of people out of poverty . The United States has also benefited from the emergence of a global middle class that , by 2030 , is projected to include more than 3 billion consumers in Asia alone . U.S. exports of goods and services supported approximately 12 million jobs in the United States in 2014 . China has a strong stake in the maintenance and further strengthening and modernization of global financial institutions , and the United States welcomes China 's growing contributions to financing development and infrastructure in Asia and beyond . The international financial architecture has evolved over time to meet the changing scale , scope , and diversity of challenges and to include new institutions as they incorporate its core principles of high standards and good governance . Both countries are committed to supporting this international architecture and welcome the greater role of the G20 in global economic governance to ensure an inclusive , resilient , and constantly improving international economic architecture to meet challenges now and in the future . In light of China 's increased share of global economic activity and increased capacity , the United States welcomes China playing a more active role in and taking on due responsibility for the international financial architecture , as well as expanded bilateral cooperation to address global economic challenges . To this end :
( 1 ) China and the United States commit to strengthening and modernizing the multilateral development financing system . Both countries resolve to further strengthen the World Bank , Asian Development Bank , African Development Bank and Inter-American Development Bank by enhancing their financial capacity , reforming their governance , and improving their effectiveness and efficiency . Consistent with its development , in addition to being a shareholder and borrower , China intends to meaningfully increase its role as a donor in all these institutions . Both sides acknowledge that for new and future institutions to be significant contributors to the international financial architecture , these institutions , like the existing international financial institutions , are to be properly structured and operated in line with the principles of professionalism , transparency , efficiency , and effectiveness , and with the existing high environmental and governance standards , recognizing that these standards continuously evolve and improve .
( 2 ) China and the United States reaffirm the importance of the MDBs in meeting the needs of the poorest countries through robust financial contributions to the International Development Association , Asian Development Fund , and African Development Fund . China is to meaningfully increase its contributions to the MDB concessional windows , consistent with its capacity . Both countries commit that the MDBs should continue to explore options to increase their lending capacity , including through using existing resources , and regularly reviewing their capital with an assessment of whether a capital increase is warranted . Both countries commit to continued efforts on MDB balance sheet optimization . China and the United States commit to collaborate on the World Bank shareholding review roadmap , including development of a shareholding formula and review of the World Bank 's capital needs in 2017 . Both sides also recognize that the middle income countries still face challenges in alleviating poverty and that the MDBs have a role in addressing those specific needs .
( 3 ) China and the United States commit to strengthen their cooperation in the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , and continue to improve the IMF 's quota and governance structure . The United States commits to implement the 2010 IMF quota and governance reforms as soon as possible and reaffirms that the distribution of quotas should continue to shift toward dynamic emerging markets and developing countries to better reflect the relative weight of IMF members in the world economy . China and the United States affirm the efforts of the IMF Executive Board to pursue an interim solution , which aims to converge quota shares to the extent possible to the levels decided under the 14th Review . However , the interim solution should not constitute or be seen in any way as a substitute for the 2010 reforms . China and the United States are to support the Executive Board 's work on the 15th Review of Quotas , including a new quota formula , using the 14th Review as a basis .
( 4 ) China and the United States commit to development finance cooperation in a third country through the multilateral development banks , respecting the ownership of the recipient countries .
( 5 ) The United States welcomes China 's commitment to release economic data following the IMF 's Special Data Dissemination Standards ( SDDS ) by the end of the year and welcomes China 's continued efforts to enhance transparency . China recognizes the importance to successful RMB internationalization of meeting the transparency standards of other major reserve currencies . The United States supports China 's commitment to implement further financial and capital market reforms , and accordingly the United States reiterates its support for the inclusion of the RMB in the SDR basket provided the currency meets the IMF 's existing criteria in its SDR review . Both countries commit to respect the IMF 's procedures and process in the SDR review , and to enhance their communication on this issue .
( 6 ) China and the United States look forward to continuing to discuss mechanisms to facilitate renminbi trading and clearing in the United States .
( 7 ) China and the United States welcome the important progress that has been made in the negotiation of new international guidelines on officially supported export credits since the establishment of the International Working Group on Export Credits ( IWG ) through a joint high level commitment in 2012 . China and the United States reaffirm their support for IWG guideline coverage of official export credit support provided by or on behalf of a government , including , but not limited to , official export credit support provided by official export credit policy financial institutions , and look forward to further discussing the scope of the guideline coverage at the next IWG meetings in October . China and the United States reaffirm that the guidelines should help ensure that governments complement commercial export financing , while promoting international trade .
4 . China and the United States recognize the positive progress of the ongoing bilateral investment treaty ( BIT ) negotiation . The Leaders reaffirm as a top economic priority the negotiation of a high standard BIT that reflects a shared commitment to the objectives of non-discrimination , fairness , and transparency , that effectively facilitates and enables market access and market operation , and that represents on each side an open and liberalized investment regime . In light of the progress made in the BIT negotiations and both sides ' improved negative list proposals in September , China and the United States commit to intensify the negotiations and to work expeditiously to conclude the negotiation of a mutually beneficial treaty that meets these high standards .
5 . The U.S. side reiterated its commitment to encourage and facilitate exports of commercial high technology items to China for civilian-end users and for civilian-end uses . Both sides commit to continue detailed and in-depth discussion of the export control issues of mutual interest within the China-U.S. High Technology and Strategic Trade Working Group .
6 . China and the United States commit to limit the scope of their respective national security reviews of foreign investments ( for the United States , the CFIUS process ) solely to issues that constitute national security concerns , and not to generalize the scope of such reviews to include other broader public interest or economic issues . China and the United States commit that their respective national security reviews apply the same rules and standards under the law to each investment reviewed , regardless of country of origin . When an investment poses a national security risk , China and the United States are to use their respective processes to address the risk as expeditiously as possible , including through targeted mitigation rather than prohibition whenever reasonably possible . The national security review of each country is applicable only to investments completed after such review process is established . Once an investment has completed the national security review process of either country , the investment generally should not be subject to review again if the parties close the investment as reviewed under the respective national security review process . In their respective national security reviews , China and the United States commit not to use information , provided by entities not party to an investment , for the purpose , unrelated to national security , of promoting the commercial interests of a competitor of a party to that investment . China and the United States commit to continue exchanging views on issues regarding their respective national security reviews in the future , including the scope of each country 's national security review process and the role in each country 's national security review process for entities not party to an investment .
7 . The United States welcomes investment from all countries , including China . The United States commits to maintain an open investment environment for Chinese investors , including state-owned enterprises , as with investors from other countries . The United States reaffirms its open investment policy and a commitment to treat all investors in a fair and equitable manner under the law . China and the United States commit to continue to communicate on bilateral investment issues , to promote development of bilateral investment .
8 . The two sides welcome the promotion of China-U.S. sub-national economic and trade and investment cooperation . In that vein , the Chinese Ministry of Commerce and U.S. Department of Commerce and endeavor to complete a memorandum of understanding highlighting the priority that each agency places on facilitating sub-national economic , trade , and investment cooperation at this year 's China-U.S. Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade . As an example of such cooperation already taking place , the two sides are heartened by the role the Trade and Investment Cooperation Joint Working Groups established between Chinese provinces and cities and the U.S. states of California , Iowa , Texas , Michigan , and Washington and the city of Chicago and welcome the establishment of similar mechanisms .
9 . China and the United States affirm the positive role that Select Reverse Trade Missions play in introducing U.S. advanced technologies to projects of mutual interest and promoting bilateral trade towards a more balanced direction . Both sides affirm that Select Reverse Trade Missions are conducive to promoting cooperation of both countries ' enterprises in priority areas including energy , environment , healthcare , aviation and agriculture , which serves the common interests of China and the United States . Based on the discussions at the 7th Strategic and Economic Dialogue , the Ministry of Commerce of China and the U.S. Trade and Development Agency commit to organize two targeted Select Reverse Trade Missions that bring two Chinese delegations to the United States to introduce them to U.S. goods and services , consistent with U.S. laws and policies , related to green infrastructure and green construction , including green engineering and design , green building and building efficiency , construction waste recycling , distributed energy , and smart city construction .
11 . Technology is one of the pillars of the bilateral economic relationship between the China and the United States . Creating the conditions for expanded two-way trade and investment in the technology sector and avoiding measures that restrict it are critical to sustaining positive momentum in the economic relationship between our countries .
( 1 ) Both countries affirm the value of adopting technology-product international standards that have been developed in an open , transparent , market-driven , and balanced manner that allow for due process . Furthermore , both countries recognize that industry 's participation in standards development without undue government influence is fundamental to rapid innovation and technology development .
( 2 ) Both countries affirm the importance of competition policy approaches that ensure fair and non-discriminatory treatment of entities and that avoid the enforcement of competition law to pursue industrial policy goals .
( 3 ) Both countries commit that generally applicable measures to enhance information and communication technology cybersecurity in commercial sectors ( ICT cybersecurity regulations ) should be consistent with WTO agreements , be narrowly tailored , take into account international norms , be nondiscriminatory , and not impose nationality-based conditions or restrictions , on the purchase , sale , or use of ICT products by commercial enterprises unnecessarily .
( 4 ) Both countries affirm that generally applicable measures regulating technology products in the commercial sector benefit from meaningful consultation with the private sector , governments , and other stakeholders to encourage innovative , flexible , and cost-effective solutions .
( 5 ) China and the United States affirm the importance of developing and protecting intellectual property , including trade secrets , and commit not to advance generally applicable policies or practices that require the transfer of intellectual property rights or technology as a condition of doing business in their respective markets .
( 6 ) Both countries affirm that states should not conduct or knowingly support misappropriation of intellectual property , including trade secrets or other confidential business information with the intent of providing competitive advantages to their companies or commercial sectors . Both countries affirm that states and companies should not by illegal methods make use of technology and commercial advantages to gain commercial benefits .
New York 's Metropolitan Transportation Authority will remove seats from some subways to jam more people inside .
The state-run MTA will first remove seats from the S and L subway lines as part of a pilot program . MTA chairman Joe Lhota made the announcement Tuesday when he unveiled the agency 's plan to tackle New York City 's deteriorating subway system .
The number one cause of subway delays is overcrowding , which slows down trains and prevents them from leaving stations on time , the New York Times reported in June .
The MTA will try to increase capacity by taking out seats , forcing passengers to crowd into the available aisles .
New York Gov . Andrew Cuomo in June gave Lhota 60 days to assess capital needs for cars , tracks , and signals after declaring the MTA was in a `` state of emergency . '' The seat removal pilot is part of the agency 's short-term plan to tackle disruptions .
Lhota 's is asking the state to channel $ 836 million toward short-term solutions like increasing the length of trains , cleaning stations , and adding personnel , NBC New York reported . The MTA is requesting an addition $ 8 billion for long-term repairs that would allow the agency to modernize the overall subway system .
Subway delays and outages have skyrocketed this year , resulting in a chaotic transit experience that New Yorkers are referring to as the `` summer of hell . '' Two subways derailed within a month 's time span this summer .
Ladies and gentlemen , may I welcome you to the Bad Manners Awards 2016 ?
The judging committee ( of one ) has spent weeks deciding which members of the Royal family , politicians and celebrities deserve one of these most galling of gongs to mark a grievous breach of protocol or lapse in mannerly judgement over the past year .
BAD SPORTSMANSHIP
Recipient : President-elect Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton ( joint winners )
Well , at least Hilary has won something this year . I 'm sure she 's thrilled .
At the time of the third presidential debate in October both candidates churlishly refused to greet or bid farewell to the other in the custom of the handshake .
TERRIBLE TIMEKEEPING
Recipient : Their Royal Highnesses The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge ( joint winners )
Despite the reported success of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's official visit to Canada back in September , timekeeping needs to be looked at for future trips .
There were multiple instances of the glamourous royalty keeping Canadians waiting , including the arrival , where the family took a whole 20 minutes to disembark in order to be greeted by the Canadian welcome party .
The Queen would have been down the stairs like a shot as soon as the aircraft came to a final halt .
They also arrived 40 minutes late for the official welcome and were running late to an event in Vancouver , too .
WORST GREETING
Recipient : Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
Full marks to Prince George for giving the patronising high-five of the Canadian prime minister the eye .
Who greets a member of any royal family , however young , with a high five ?
BEST THROWING TOYS OUT OF PRAM
Recipient : His Royal Highness Prince Harry
Who can forget Prince Harry 's unprecedented communique to the media a few months ago over the then speculation over his girlfriend Meghan Markle ?
Whatever happened to ‘ Never complain ; never explain ' – the unofficial motto of the House of Windsor ?
The media are annoying , we get that , Your Royal Highness , but there may have been more dignified ways for you ( and the establishment you represent ) to air your concerns .
WORST HABIT
Recipient : Britney Spears
Britney , YOU drive me crazy for appearing on Loose Women smacking gum like it 's 1998 as the panel interrogate you .
Have some respect for those who are promoting your work and hosting you to remove the gum before the interview begins .
Frankly , this sort of behaviour means you are very much still a girl and definitely not yet a woman .
WORST USE OF SOCIAL MEDIA
Recipient : Lindsay Lohan
Nothing tops the insensitivity and stupendous lack of awareness as Lohan 's insensitive post five months ago .
The actress posted on Instagram a seemingly heartfelt missive after the attacks in Nice and Turkey . But she paired it with a photo of her in some skimpy lingerie attempting to look seductive .
LEAST LADYLIKE
Recipient : Kim Kardashian
No Bad Manners Awards could be complete without a mention of a Kardashian , could it ?
As the socialite arrived at Kylie Jenner 's 19th birthday party in August she alighted her sports car in such a cack-handed ( cack-legged , I suppose ) way that meant that more was glimpsed than intended .
Kim , it 's so simple and entry-level Finishing School stuff : keep knees and ankles together and swivel .
A three-day-week gets the best performance from workers aged over 40 , a study has found .
Researchers found the cognitive performance of middle-aged people improved as the working week increased up to 25 hours a week .
However , when the week went over 25 hours , overall performance for the test subjects decreased as `` fatigue and stress '' took effect .
The report , which was published in the Melbourne Institute Worker Paper series , invited 3,000 men and 3,500 women in Australia to complete a series of cognitive tests while their work habits were analysed .
It was found those working 25 hours a week performed best while those working 55 hours a week showed results worse than retired or unemployed participants .
One of the three authors , Professor Colin McKenzie from Keio University told the Times : `` Many countries are going to raise their retirement ages by delaying the age at which people are eligible to start receiving pension benefits . This means that more people continue to work in the later stages of their life .
`` The degree of intellectual stimulation may depend on working hours . Work can be a double-edged sword , in that it can stimulate brain activity , but at the same time long working hours can cause fatigue and stress , which potentially damage cognitive functions .
`` We point out that differences in working hours are important for maintaining cognitive functioning in middle-aged and elderly adults . This means that , in middle and older age , working part-time could be effective in maintaining cognitive ability . ''
The research comes amid moves to edge the British state pension age closer to 70 .
Currently for someone born in 1989 , a state pension begins at the age of 68 .
This woman has only herself to blame if her latest marriage fails .
Beautiful Existence — a 42-year-old mother of two from Seattle who legally changed her name from Desiree Longabaugh — spent $ 7,000 to marry herself under the Eiffel Tower in Paris after going through a painful divorce 10 years ago .
“ After years of exploring different theories on how to understand myself , self-marriage felt right , ” she told The Sun . ”
Existence said she always dreamed of tying the knot in Paris and decided she would have a small ceremony there last June — right around her birthday — complete with a photographer and three of her closest friends .
As her one-year anniversary with herself approaches , Existence is feeling happier than ever .
“ I don ’ t worry at all about being in a couple now , ” she said , adding that both her sons fully support her .
For now , self-marriages are not legally recognized , but she thinks that will change in the near future .
“ There are a lot of people , women especially , who are not subscribing to the regular definition of marriage anymore , ” she said .
They say the early bird catches the worm , and research suggests there might be some truth to the old adage .
Waking up with ( or before ) the sun allows executives like Apple CEO Tim Cook and `` Shark Tank '' investor Kevin O'Leary to get a head start on the day , knocking out tasks before the rest of the world has rolled out of bed .
Those `` extra '' hours with less distractions and fresh energy also give them a chance to do some creative thinking , fit in a workout , and spend time with family . And it should be noted that waking up early does n't necessarily mean losing sleep — some of the smartest leaders understand that being effective means getting a full night 's sleep .
Here are 7 early risers who may convince you never to hit snooze again .
Apple CEO Tim Cook wakes up at 3:45 am and gets a head start on email .
The tech titan is known for getting up early .
According to a Time profile , `` He wakes up at 3:45 every morning ( 'Yes , every morning ' ) , does email for an hour , stealing a march on those lazy East Coasters three time zones ahead of him , then goes to the gym , then Starbucks ( for more e-mail ) , then work . 'The thing about it is , when you love what you do , you do n't really think of it as work . It 's what you do . And that 's the good fortune of where I find myself . ' ''
FLOTUS Michelle Obama is working out by 4:30 am
While the president is known for getting very little sleep , he 's got nothing on the first lady , who tells Oprah she starts her days with a 4:30 am workout before her kids wake up .
`` If I do n't exercise , I wo n't feel good . I 'll get depressed , '' she says , noting that it 's easier to pull that off at the White House , where she has `` much more support '' than the average person .
NextDesk director Dan Lee starts his day at 3:30 am
The standing desk company leader tells Tech Insider he wakes up at 3:30 am . `` It 's not for everyone , '' he says .
The first thing Lee does when he wakes up is drink two liters of water followed by two cups of coffee and a smoothie . Then he spends 30 minutes with his dog followed by an hour of reading time .
By 5:15 am , Lee is at the gym , where he works out until 6:15 am . He spends the next hour showering , shaving , and traveling to his office , and by 7:15 am , he 's ready to start the workday .
Twitter and Square CEO Jack Dorsey wakes up before dawn for a 6-mile run .
According to New York Magazine , the Twitter cofounder wakes up at 5:30 am to meditate and go for a six-mile jog .
Disney CEO Bob Iger wakes up early to think without interruption
Iger told Fortune he gets up at 4:30 every morning .
`` It 's a time of day when I can be very productive without too much interruption . I ride a bike and use aerobic equipment twice a week , and work out with a trainer , lifting weights . It 's a good time to think . I believe that exercise relieves stress and contributes to an improvement in stamina , which in a job like this you absolutely need . ''
In another article for Fortune , Harvard Business School professor and former Medtronic CEO Bill George observes that mindful practices such as Iger 's help leaders be more creative and open to new ideas .
Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz is at the office by 6 am
Schultz starts his day with a workout , which is usually a bike ride with his wife , but still gets to the office by 6 am , according to Portfolio.com .
'Project Runway ' cohost and fashion consultant Tim Gunn begins his day at 5:30 am with an espresso .
The fashion icon starts his days at 5:30 am with an espresso , which he sips while reading the newspaper , he tells the New York Post .
He 's a big fan of those early morning hours . `` I love getting up before the sun 's up , '' he explains , telling The Times that he starts even his Sundays with `` 50 sit-ups , in bed . ''
United Airlines is in hot water after a dress code incident on Sunday morning .
In a series of live tweets , activist Shannon Watts explained that two girls who were wearing leggings were asked by the United Airlines gate agent to either change clothing or not board their flight to Minneapolis .
She said a United gate agent was `` forcing '' the girls , one of them aged 10 , to change their clothes or wear dresses over the leggings .
`` When taking advantage of this benefit , all employees and pass riders are considered representatives of United . And like most companies , we have a dress code that we ask employees and pass riders to follow .
`` The passengers this morning were United pass riders and not in compliance with our dress code for company benefit travel . We regularly remind our employees that when they place a family member or friend on a flight for free as a standby passenger , they need to follow our dress code .
`` To our regular customers , your leggings are welcome . ''
Pass Riders - even a ten-year-old child - are treated more like United employees than members of the public .
In this case , people on Twitter simply did n't understand the Pass Rider system , and instead saw what they wanted to see : a nationwide ban on yoga pants , or misogynist , ageist policies of discrimination against women and children . And just like that , an outrage was born .
Internet trolls face up to two years ' jail in New Zealand under a controversial new law which bans “ harmful digital communications ” .
And under a parallel amendment toNew Zealand 's Crimes Act , a person who tells another to kill themselves faces up to three years in prison .
The law will help mitigate the harm caused by cyber-bullying and give victims a quick and effective means of redress , supporters said .
But critics said the law harms free speech and its fine print could threaten public interest journalism in the country .
Under the Harmful Digital Communications Act in effect from this week , anyone convicted of “ causing harm by posting digital communication ” faces two years in prison and a $ 50,000 ( NZ ) ( £6,500 ) fine , while businesses face fines of up to $ 200,000 ( NZ ) .
Harmful communications can include truthful as well as false information , and “ intimate visual recordings ” such as nude or seminude pictures or video shared without permission .
The bill was introduced after a public outcry over the horrific `` Roast Busters ” scandal , in which a group of teenage boys fromAucklandwas accused of sexually assaulting drunk , under age girls and boasting about the acts on social media .
But in an editorial , New Zealand ’ s Dominion Post said while the law 's intentions were good , it went too far and could `` pick up in its drift-net the sorts of noise and criticism that make for the talk of a free society ” .
Noting it effectively bans online communications judged “ indecent ” , “ false ” or “ used to harass an individual ” , the Post asked if reports on political expense scandals , or cartoons that mock religious figures , may also be banned under the legislation .
The bill passed the New Zealand parliament with an overwhelming 116 to 5 majority .
Speaking against the bill , Greens MP Gareth Hughes said while its intent was noble , its definition of “ harm '' was “ irresponsibly broad ” , and said the law could damage journalism in the country .
Arguing what was not an offence offline should not be an offence online , Mr Hughes criticised the fact reporters were not exempt from the legislation , which he said may prevent them publishing online the same story about a corrupt MP which would be perfectly legal to publish in a newspaper .
When Disney acquired Lusasfilm in 2012 , Stars Wars characters officially joined the same family as Beauty and the Beast , Snow White , and Mulan .
But while she is Disney-owned , Princess Leia is still not considered an official Disney princess . Merchandise from the entertainment company featuring the Disney princesses does n't include the member of Alderaan royalty , in part because Carrie Fisher is n't an animated character .
But over 90,000 fans so far are looking to change that . They 've all come together to sign a petition on Change.org urging Walt Disney CEO Bob Iger to add her to the ranks of Ariel , Tiana , and Aurora .
'After the tragic loss of Carrie Fisher , we feel that it is only fitting for Disney to do away with the rule that an official Disney princess must be animated and make Leia a full-fledged princess , ' wrote Cody Christensen , a Utah man who started the petition .
'This would be a wonderful way to remember Carrie and a welcoming to one of Disney 's new properties that is beloved by millions .
'What we are asking is that the Walt Disney Corporation hold a full ceremony inducting Leia as the newest Disney princess as well as a special service in memory of Carrie Fisher , ' he concluded .
Since the petition was first launched , it has earned over 91,400 signatures from Star Wars fans .
It has also inspired quite a bit of artwork , casting Leia as a cartoon with the animated Disney princesses , as well as tributes from fans .
Star Wars lovers from all over the world have signed , leaving messages from the US , the UK , France , Ireland , Sweden , Denmark , Italy , Portugal , Brazil , Chile , Colombia , Australia , Macedonia , Russia , and Lebanon .
'Leia is an icon ! Adopted into princesshood , she sacrifices everything for the greater good , ' wrote one . 'Leia continues her fight and becomes General Organa who loses everything , but continues to fight for what is right . '
'I think Princess Leia is such a great role model , ' wrote another . 'Everyone is like : `` Oh , Elsa is so great , she does n't need a man to save her etc . etc . '' But Leia , goes beyond that , I really think little girls should look up to her . '
Another added : 'Carrie Fisher deserves recognition and remembrance . What better way to do that than make Leia an official Disney princess . She will live on in our hearts forever . '
Westerners are often daunted by the thought of learning Chinese , mainly because of the perceived complexity of Chinese characters . In fact , if they knew that they ’ d be able to get by if they had to learn only pinyin , they might not be as tentative .
But how do Chinese feel about using English ?
Hezi Jiang , a native of Beijing ’ s Chaoyang district and a China Daily USA reporter in New York , said : “ There is a popular joke in China : A Chinese man flies to America . On the plane , the flight attendant approaches him and asks , ‘ Coffee or tea , sir ? ’
“ The man thought , I ’ ve had coffee and tea . 'I ’ ll have an 'or ' . Thank you ’ , he said . ''
“ To me , a lot of the embarrassing things happen with ordering food , ” Hezi said . “ For more than a year , I never ordered salmon no matter how much I wanted to have a grilled salmon , because the word is hard to pronounce . I used to pronounce the ‘ l ’ in salmon , and the waiter or waitress would correct me by asking , “ sam-mon ” ?
“ I found that really embarrassing , so I stopped ordering it . I had mahi mahi instead . I love the name , so easy . Also , I didn ’ t like it when restaurants offered special menus . The waiter would say a list of things that I had no idea of , and I would look into his or her eyes , nodding .
“ But it feels great when I can understand an item or two he or she said . Most times , I would order that thing just to prove that I could understand .
“ I also found that we say ‘ yes ’ a lot when we don ’ t understand . I remember once at a brunch , a waiter asked my friend “ white or wheat ” ?
“ He said ‘ yes ’ .
“ We laughed , and he blushed . Ordering food is hard . ”
“ I remember when I was preparing for the IELTS ( International English Language Testing System ) three years ago , ” recalled Long Yifan , an intern at China Daily USA in New York , from Shaoyang , Hunan province . “ I tended to use the newly grasped academic words for oral English practice .
“ I had some friends from Scotland , and one day when we ate out , I was in a hurry to find a restroom . I wanted to express my situation in an academic and formal way , so I said I wanted to ‘ discharge ’ myself . They were all surprised and amused .
“ I felt something was wrong and wanted to make a clarification , so I said I wanted to urinate . They all burst into laughter . ”
“ Just like how learning Chinese is hard for English speakers , the reverse is also true , for many of the same reasons , ” writes Andy Luan on Quora , a question-and-answer website . “ Pronunciation is probably the hardest part of learning English at first .
“ Grammar is next . English grammar is ridiculous . There are a few so-called ‘ rules ’ , but just about everything seems to be an exception to these rules . ”
One of my observations is that Chinese speakers tend to have trouble with third-person pronouns ( he and she aren ’ t interchangeable in English ) and collective plurals .
Many English words are the same in the singular as in the plural , so sometimes you will hear someone talk about the “ researches ” they did for a story , which is nonetheless endearing .
A draft of China 's first bill regulating charities was submitted to the national legislature on Wednesday , with lawmakers hoping it can give donors confidence to help the country meet its poverty alleviation targets .
`` Charitable programs are indispensable for the fight against poverty . Formulating a charity law helps nongovernmental sources work together in taking targeted measures to eliminate poverty and contribute to achieving the goal of building a moderately prosperous society , '' said Li Jianguo , vice chairman of the National People 's Congress ( NPC ) Standing Committee , when introducing the bill to NPC deputies at the NPC annual session .
Annual donations to registered charities in China soared from 10 billion yuan to 100 billion yuan in the past decade . But both the public and authorities are wary of corruption and mismanagement in the charity sector . A number of scandals have suggested they have good reason to be wary of .
Many charities have weak internal management and are not operating under established protocols , while the sector as a whole `` has not developed a self-discipline mechanism , '' according to Li .
Although several existing laws and government regulations regulate charitable activities to some degree , they are out of date and inadequate given the growth of the sector , he said .
Since 2008 , national lawmakers have tabled dozens of motions and proposals for enacting a charity law . The draft was submitted for the first reading at the bi-monthly session of the NPC Standing Committee in October and for a second reading two months later .
The law provides stipulations on how charities should be registered , giving approved charities more freedom in their operations than is currently the case . It also promises tax benefits for charitable activities .
China is aiming to ensure that all its rural residents are living above the poverty line by 2020 . As of the end of 2015 , 55.75 million rural Chinese were living below the line , meaning they had a per capita net income of less than 2,800 yuan ( 430 US dollars ) a year .
MORE QUALIFIED FOR PUBLIC FUNDRAISING
Currently , only a handful of charities are allowed to raise money from whoever they like , while the others are restricted to drawing on specific groups of donors .
The bill says legally-registered charities that have been operating for at least two years will be able to apply to the civil affairs department to be allowed to raise funds from the general public .
Recognizing that Internet fundraising has been widely used but also widely subject to fraud , the bill requires charities to post clear information either on government-designated websites or on their own .
Groups or individuals raising funds from the public without a license will have to return the donation and may face a fine of up to 100,000 yuan , according to the bill .
HIGHER TRANSPARENCY , FEWER SCANDALS
The reputation of Chinese charities took a hit in 2011 when a woman claiming to manage an organization under the Red Cross Society of China used social media to flaunt her wealth and extravagant lifestyle .
The public has been calling for more transparency and tighter internal management of charities ever since .
In response , the bill says charities must publish their articles of association and information on their executives and supervisory bodies . They should also give annual reports complete with financial statements , details of projects launched as well as staff pay and benefits .
It also stipulates that charities should minimize operational costs , keeping them below 15 percent of the amount they raise if they are certificated to get donations from the public .
Charities may have their registrations revoked if they engage in or sponsor activity deemed to undermine state security or public interests .
INDIVIDUAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR FUNDRAISING
A notable absence from the bill is the regulation of individuals appealing for aid .
In September , a man in east China 's Anhui Province spread a story online claiming his girlfriend had been injured trying to save a girl from dogs and raised about 800,000 yuan . The story turned out to be a fraud and police later detained its author .
`` The bill does not forbid citizens from asking for help online nor does it encourage it , '' said Kan Ke , former deputy director of the NPC Standing Committee 's Commission of Legislative Affairs .
It will be up to individuals whether to make such appeals or donate to people who make such appeals , said Kan , who was involved in drafting the charity law .
`` The legislature would prefer to see people turn to charities to do kind deeds , rather than going directly to a certain beneficiary , for it will be easier to supervise a small number of organizations than watch a huge number of individuals , '' he said . `` We should let the professionals do the job . ''
TAX CUT FOR GOOD DEEDS
Addressing the common complaint that businesses making large donations do n't get enough tax concessions , the bill stipulates that if a company 's donation exceeds the legal limit of deductions from its taxable income in one year , the balance can be deducted from taxable income in the following two years .
Currently , the government waives corporate income tax on donations companies make from their profits , but the waivers only apply to the companies that donate 12 percent of their profits or less . The new bill eases this restriction , promising a rebate in the following two years .
Now Minneapolis-based inventor Rich Kronfield has created an electric-assist 'Raht Racer ' velomobile that he claims can travel at up to 100mph ( 160km/h ) .
'The Raht Racer is a power biking vehicle that uses state of the art pedal-electric hybrid technology to amplify pedal power , enabling the rider 's legs to propel the vehicle up to highway speeds , giving the rider the feeling of super strength , ' Mr Kronfield says .
'On a bicycle , your pedals are the accelerator . Same with the Raht Racer , only multiplied a hundred times . '
The Raht Racer 's pedals are connected to a unique flywheel generator rather than of directly driving the wheels , as in a traditional velomobile .
The pedals power a 20-kWh electric motor , which sits in the rear wheel hub .
The vehicle senses the torque being applied to the pedals , and then amplifies it so that most people can maintain a cruising speed of around 30 mph ( 48 km/h ) .
The body of the two-seater Raht Racer is made from carbon fiber and includes a roll cage , headlights , seat lights , air bags and a trunk .
During pedalling , a 2-kWh li-ion battery pack also gets charged to help extend the 570lb ( 259kg ) velomobiles range .
When activated in throttle mode , using just battery power , it has a range of approximately 50 miles ( 80 km ) and a top speed of 100 mph ( 160 km/h ) .
Mr Kronfield has created a prototype and is currently running a Kickstarter campaign to create a commercial mode .
According to the Kickstarter campaign : 'The system provides variable resistance , based on programmable or pre-set workout profiles , and GPS terrain-sensing virtual hills , all with torque amplified pedalling ' .
It is estimated the price of the Raht Racer will start at $ 35,000 ( £22,800 ) if the campaign is successful .
Forget Singapore .
The latest brain-mangling maths puzzle to hit the news is from Vietnam .
It ’ s posted above . You need to fill in the gaps with the digits from 1 to 9 so that the equation makes sense , following the order of operations - multiply first , then division , addition and subtraction last .
According to the VN Express , it was set as a problem for third graders in the town of Bao Loc in the Vietnamese highlands .
That ’ s eight year olds !
There is no complicated maths involved , only basic arithmetic . But it ’ s not a walk in the park .
“ This problem is difficult even for adults good at math , so it will be difficult for students in grades 3 , and even more challenging for students in the highlands , ” teacher Tran Phuong told VN Express .
He added : “ I sent the problem for some people , including a doctorate in economics with mathematics , but they have not given the answer . ”
Vietnam does very well in the international PISA tables that compare 15-year-olds ’ performance in maths , science and reading . Vietnam ranks 17 in maths and 8 in science , which outperforms many Western countries like the UK ( 26 and 20 ) and US ( 36 and 28 ) .
No wonder if they are given problems like this ... .
Can you do it ?
Here is one of the solutions from a commenter at Gizmodo : There are other possible solutions , but the first one I came up with was : 6 , 9 , 3 , 5 , 2 , 1 , 7 , 8 , 4 in that order ... How I got to it was assigning each blank to a letter and writing the whole thing as an equation then grouping like terms .
So ... a+13 ( b/c ) +d+12e-f+ ( gh/i ) -21=66 .
Then you add 21 to both sides and a+d-f+13 ( b/c ) +12e+ ( gh/i ) =87 . And since you ’ re limited to plugging in numbers between 1-9 for a-i , you see that there ’ s only so many combinations that will yield numbers close to 87 . So then you start guessing and checking how large you have to make the various numbers to make it work . You need smaller numbers in the denominators and the subtraction and larger numbers being multiplied .
Loanwords are interesting in that they not only provide a glimpse into language contact , they also reveal the process of how a language acquires new words .
Historical contact between English and Cantonese began in the late 17th century when British traders came to Canton to buy Chinese tea and porcelain .
English loanwords are documented in the first English-Cantonese , Cantonese-English dictionary published in 1828 .
A Ukrainian man who grew astonishingly long eyelashes after eating a particular type of food is bidding for a place in the Guinness Book of Records .
Valery Smagliy , 58 , from Kiev , Ukraine is to have them officially measured before finally having them cut .
He said a change in diet to include a secret food coincided with the bizarre growth .
However he declined to share what that food was .
He told local media : `` I started eating something and noticed that my eyelashes really started growing quickly at the same time .
`` I 'm thinking of marketing it so I 'm not giving away the secret of what it is . ''
He decided not to save his eyelashes immediately after discovering he got a lot of attention and praise from women , most of whom were jealous of his long , natural lashes . But he also got stopped by men asking him if he was crazy .
`` Whether it 's man or woman , most people do n't seem to pay much attention when I 'm talking to them because they 're always looking at my eyelashes , '' he bemoaned .
`` Women would stop me in the street and ask me what the secret was , they can see that they are real and not fake . But to be honest they are just heavy now and my eyelids are getting sore .
`` And it 's also difficult to see properly with huge grey eyelashes in front of my eye . ''
He said he was heading to the local registry office of the Guinness Book of Records to have them officially measured , and reckoned he could probably make the European record - although probably not the world record .
According to the world record book , the longest eyelash on record was measured at 6.99 cm ( 2.75 in ) in 2007 on Stuart Muller 's left upper lid in Florida , USA .
He said : `` I suppose I could go for the world record , but to be honest what 's the point ?
`` I prefer to be able to see better and I plan to get them cut in a professional salon so I reckon they will still look pretty good afterwards . ''
Paris is to double the number of cycling lanes by 2020 as part of its Socialist mayor 's push to turn the city into “ the world ’ s bike capital '' .
The 150 million-euro project will increase the number of safe bike lanes from the current 700 kilometres ( 435 miles ) to 1,400 kilometres within five years .
Paris town hall hopes the new lanes will help triple the number of journeys made on a bike from five percent to 15 percent in that time .
The new “ express network ” for bikes will introduce protected cycling lanes on major avenues throughout the city , including the banks of the Seine , separated from the traffic .
“ We think that there are people ready to cycle but don ’ t do it due to a sense of not being safe , ” said Christophe Najdovski , Green deputy mayor in charge of transport .
“ This plan will create a new form of tourism in Paris which is booming elsewhere , ” he said .
The plans also include increasing the number of two-way cycling lanes on smaller roads where the speed limit for motorists will be limited to 30km/h . Among the new cycle lanes will be one along the notoriously dangerous Champs Elysees . Some 10,000 bike parking spaces will be added .
City hall intends to ramp up cycling classes and repair workshops to get Parisians on their bikes .
Paris ' famed bike rental scheme `` Velib '' is going from strength to strength , with some 283,000 subscribers and 40 million individual rentals this year already .
The city is now considering introducing electric bikes for hillier parts like Montmartre .
The plans come days after Paris suffered worrying pollutions levels that briefly topped Shanghai , according to one weather agency .
Hotels in the Italian city of Assisi are doing their bit to boost the country 's flagging birth rate by offering a free holiday to couples who conceive there .
Ten hotels are offering refunds or a free future stay to guests who fall pregnant under the Fertility Room campaign .
Guests will simply have to produce a birth certificate to prove the baby was born around nine months after their stay in the medieval city .
`` Giving birth to a child is an act of deep love , which should be encouraged despite the multitude of difficulties in life , '' organizers said as the campaign launched on Friday .
Local tourism councillor Eugenio Guarducci , the man behind the initiative , said the aim was to encourage travel to the Umbrian town in central Italy -- the birthplace of Saint Francis -- and help reverse Italy 's low fertility rate .
The apartments in a new Manhattan building boast little balconies , tall ceilings , dishwashers and storage space . All in 360 square feet or less .
It 's micro-living in the nation 's biggest city , and New Yorkers could be seeing more of it . Planning officials are proposing to end a limit on how small apartments can be , opening the door for more `` micro-apartments '' that advocates see as affordable adaptations to a growing population of single people .
At Carmel Place , the Manhattan building that marks the city 's first experiment in decades with building super-small dwellings , the pitch is that little can be just enough .
`` An efficiently designed micro-unit , '' says developer Tobias Oriwol , `` is just a nice apartment . ''
Due to open early next year , Carmel Place features 55 apartments ranging from 265 to 360 square feet . By comparison , a typical one-car garage can be about 200 square feet .
As an experimental project , Carmel Place got city land and a waiver from New York 's 400-square-foot minimum on new apartments , set in 1987 . A proposed elimination of that minimum would allow smaller studios in buildings with a mix of apartment sizes , but entire micro-unit buildings would continue to need waivers .
`` For us , it was really important to demonstrate how small space could be an enhancement to quality of life , '' said Christopher Bledsoe of Stage 3 Properties , which designed the interiors and amenities at Carmel Place .
Forty percent of the units have rents set by affordable-housing programs topping out at around $ 1,500 a month , but market-rate ones rent for $ 2,650 to $ 3,150 , roughly on par with many studios in the nearby Murray Hill neighborhood . About 20 people have applied and hundreds requested information for eight market-rate units so far , while over 60,000 have entered a lottery for the affordable ones .
Mayor Bill de Blasio 's housing plan says Carmel Place and other projects show `` developers can build compact units that are livable , safe , healthy '' options for small households .
PepsiCo Inc is pulling the tab of the Chinese smartphone market . But what awaits the Pepsi phone is set to be something bitter than its iconic soda water .
The United States beverage and food giant said on Tuesday it is working with a licensing partner to bring a line of mobile phones and accessories to China in the next few months .
Available in China only , the effort is similar to Pepsi 's apparel and accessories licensing campaigns elsewhere , the company said in a statement to China Daily .
The maker of potato chips , soft drinks and breakfast cereals quickly made it clear it `` has no plans to get into the mobile phone manufacturing business '' yet .
`` But we are committed to engaging with Chinese consumers at this point of connectivity , and in innovative ways , to grow our brand , '' it said .
The first ever smartphone bearing the red-white-blue Pepsi logo , likely to be named Pepsi P1 , will be a low-end pamphlet , according to model specifications released by tech website mobipicker.com .
Pepsi P1 's 5.5-inch screen , 13-megapixel rear camera and 16 GB internal storage place the device in the sizzling 1,000 yuan ( $ 150 ) market where hundreds of models are battling one another .
It is also unclear how the tech-savvy Chinese buyers might respond to Pepsi 's latest move in the country .
`` I feel a little confused about it , I may not buy the phone unless it has some unique features to show , '' said Chen Yang , a college student in Beijing who prefers carbonated soft drinks made by Pepsi than The Coca-Cola Co .
Nicole Peng , director of Shanghai-based information technology consultancy Canalys China , said it will be difficult for customers in China to receive the marketing messages from Pepsi .
`` I believe international firms should invest in the areas where consumers can relate the products to the value of their brands ... For a soft drink brand , ( releasing a smartphone ) does not add much value for consumers , '' she said .
China is the world 's largest smartphone market , but shipments have started to shrink as demand is stagnating , according to research firm International Data Corp. Current smartphone sales are boosted by existing smartphone owners who are looking to replace the devices in use while the number of first-time buyers dropped significantly .
Pepsi has been facing strong headwinds in carbonated soft drinks sales long before the smartphone release .
Its carbonated soft drink sales saw a double-digit decline in China last year , the company said in a financial report .
Jason Yu , general manager at research firm Kantar Worldpanel China , said Chinese consumers are increasingly looking for health and functional benefits to their everyday beverage choice .
More price competition in the carbonated soft drink market is foreseeable , and rapid growth of functional drink , juice , premium packaged water and yogurt is also on horizon , Yu said .
It was once the case that mums-to-be would hide their bumps under baggy clothes , wearing nothing more fashion-forward than a floaty floral dress .
But thanks to celebrities such as Kim Kardashian , Blake Lively and Chrissy Teigen who carried on rocking the tightest of dresses and the highest of heels during their pregnancies , a new trend for 'bump swag ' has emerged .
Nothing is out of bounds from hot pants to crop tops to body con dresses , and proud mothers-to-be have been sharing their maternity fashion on Instagram with the hashtags # bumpswag and # pregnancyswag .
According to fashion expert and stylist Naomi Isted the look is definitely a direct result of seeing famous mums-to-be stay on-trend during pregnancy .
'Maternity swag has definitely come about from the influence of the super glam maternity mummies and polished celebs , namely Kim Kardashian , ' she told reporter .
Naomi 's styling tips include rocking leather leggings and high heels as long as you feel comfortable .
'Leather leggings are great as they can glam up any look and obviously your cleavage will be blossoming during pregnancy so embrace it , ' she said .
'Wear trendy logo T-shirts with leather leggings and high top trainers for day and glam those legging up for night with heels and a lower cut lace top rather than boring floaty florals . '
'Go for monochrome as that 's always stylish and lovely fabrics like lace , leather effect and silk . '
Rozalia_Russian a Melbourne blogger and 'social ambassador ' , has her maternity swag perfected , showing off her bump in fitted dresses teamed with over the knee boots .
And like other style conscious mums-to-be , she 's not afraid to show off her blossoming figure in a bikini .
While some would be anxious to avoid swimwear at any time , never mind while heavily pregnant , the mother-of-one posed in a black cutout swimsuit with a sheer lace dress over it as a cover up .
And her fellow glamorous mother-to-be , Russian blogger Sasha Smith has also been flaunting her bump in a glamorous leopard print bikini .
Wayne Rooney said on Thursday that he has no plans to leave Manchester United , despite reports that his agent Paul Stretford had traveled to China to discuss his future with Chinese Super League clubs .
The Manchester United and England player told the UK 's Press Association : `` Despite the interest which has been shown from other clubs , for which I 'm grateful , I want to end recent speculation and say that I am staying at Man United . I hope I 'll play a full part in helping the team in its fight for success on four fronts . It 's an exciting time at the club and I want to remain a part of it . ''
British media speculation surrounding a possible transfer of Manchester United and England skipper Wayne Rooney increased as United manager Jose Mourinho said he would leave the decision up to the player if he chose to head for a Chinese Super League club before the Chinese transfer window slams shut next Tuesday .
At a news conference early this week , Mourinho said he was leaving the decision up to Rooney , doubling down on a statement made in January that he would not stand in the player 's way .
`` You have to ask him . Of course , I ca n't guarantee ( he will stay ) , '' Mourinho said at a news conference on Tuesday . `` What I can guarantee is that if one day Wayne leaves the club , it is not because I want him to leave the club . I would never push a legend of this club to another destiny . ”
The 31-year-old England international , Manchester United 's leading goal-scorer of all time , has become increasingly marginalized at United , having started just three of the club 's 12 fixtures this year , leading several Chinese clubs to believe the player could be tempted by a big money offer .
Media reports claim a move to China could see Rooney more than double his current 300,000 pound ( $ 374,000 ) weekly wage and earn 32 million pounds ( $ 40 million ) annually . Both Beijing Sinobo Guoan and Guangzhou Evergrande are linked with England 's all-time top scorer , while on Wednesday , Tianjin Quanjian manager Fabio Cannavaro confirmed the club made an approach for the player but it was rejected .
Beijing Sinobo Guoan attempted to lure Rooney to China before . In November , the club 's honorary chairman Luo Ning confirmed team representatives met with Rooney 's agent Paul Stretford in the summer of 2016 .
`` We indeed made an approach for Rooney at the beginning of the season but he 's informed us that he wants to stay in Manchester United , '' Luo Ning told Beijing broadcaster Sports Night Talks . `` Rooney says he 'll keep playing in the Premier League as long as his health allows . We even met with his agent . ”
Should he leave United , Rooney would join a growing number of high profile soccer players opting to play in China . In January , Argentine striker Carlos Tevez moved to Shanghai Shenhua where he earns a reported 615,000 pound ( $ 766,000 ) weekly wage , while Shanghai SIPG bought Brazil star Oscar in a 60 million pound ( $ 74.7 million ) transfer .
Russians who use selfie sticks to take photographs of themselves are being offered a self-defence course in case they are mugged , it 's been reported .
The act of flaunting an expensive smartphone on the end of a stick can mark somebody out as a tourist , turning them into a target for robbery , and that 's why one martial arts centre in Moscow has decided to act , the Lenta news portal says . Daria Lapshina of the M-Profi martial arts centre in the Russian capital told the M24 website that tourists have been the target for attacks in many countries `` and the only means of defence that all travellers have is the selfie stick '' . Calling the new self-defence `` art '' mpd-fight ( monopod fight ) , the organisers claim that it is effective against practitioners of boxing , wrestling , mixed martial arts and other types of fighting , and can be learned in five lessons , M24 reports .
The selfie stick - a handheld extension pole which allows users to take a photo of themselves from greater than arm 's length - has become a bone of contention at tourist attractions around the world . In July , Disney banned the devices from its parks around the world , citing `` safety concerns '' , while football grounds and sports arenas prohibit them as they could be a nuisance to other visitors . It 's not known if proponents of mpd-fight will be able to use their skills in places where the sticks are banned .
This little piggy is the first known airport therapy pig in the US , according to the San Francisco International Airport . Her name is LiLou .
She `` promises to surprise and delight guests with her winning personality , charming costumes and painted nails , '' the airport said in a statement .
And she 's no stick in the mud . `` LiLou loves performing tricks for her audience , '' the airport added .
The Juliana-breed pig was officially welcomed into the airport 's team of trained animals , called the Wag Brigade this Monday .
The Wag Brigade is a team of trained animals certified by the San Francisco SPCA 's animal assisted therapy program to `` make passenger travel more enjoyable , '' the airport said .
The airport said that the brigade 's animals are carefully selected `` for their temperament and airport suitability '' and that the animals `` wear vests that read 'Pet me ! ' to encourage interaction with airport guests . ''
`` We have more than 300 dog , cat and rabbit volunteer teams , but LiLou is the first pig in our program , '' Dr. Jennifer Henley , the SFSPCA 's animal assisted therapy manager , said in the statement .
`` With the addition of LiLou , we can look forward to more moments of surprise and delight for guests at our airport , '' said Christopher Birch , the director of guest experience at the airport .
The therapy pig `` also visits several other facilities in San Francisco , including senior centers and hospitals , '' the airport noted .
LiLou 's `` mom '' chronicles her adventures on the Instagram account @ lilou_sfpig .
First LPs and record players made a comeback – now the cassette tape is rewinding back into our lives .
Music fans on both sides of the Atlantic are returning to the cassette two decades after they were replaced by the CD , and more recently digital downloads .
This nostalgia for the old format comes despite the frustrations that led to their decline , including their tendency to become scrambled and jammed in players .
Sales of music tapes are rising so quickly in the US that the Recording Industry Association of America , the trade body for music labels which also certifies gold and platinum records , is investigating ways to track sales for the first time since the early 1990s .
It is thought the revival was started by underground music acts . But now , more mainstream musicians have started producing albums on cassette again .
British singer Marina and the Diamonds released her last album , Froot , on cassette late last year . Albums from top US stars are also available on cassette , including Justin Bieber ’ s latest release , Purpose , and Kanye West ’ s Yeezus . They are being sold at fashion chains such as Urban Outfitters , as well as being available online . Meanwhile Hypnohouse Trax , a British dance music label , has put out a collection of its own on tape .
Sales of cassettes in the UK could follow the path of vinyl record sales – which fell to a low of just over 205,000 in 2007 , but have grown every year since and hit a 20-year high of 2.1million in 2015 .
The Oxford English Dictionary dropped ‘ cassette player ’ from its concise edition in 2011 . It now seems this may have been premature .
And Sony stopped producing its iconic Walkman portable cassette player in 2010 , although other brands , such as Philips , still make them .
Lee Rickard , 32 , co-founder of independent record label Burger Records , which is based in Orange County , a suburb of Los Angeles , explained the appeal , saying : ‘ Music just sounds different on tape , sometimes as it was originally intended to sound .
‘ Cassettes are compact , tangible , instant collectables , often with original and numbered artwork — and as cheap as a cup of coffee , so you can support your local artist without buyer ’ s remorse .
Burger Records has plans to release its own Burger Buddy , which will play tapes as well as convert them to computer-readable MP3 files .
LP : 密纹唱片，Long Playing Record
Let 's face it , not everybody 's equally gifted when it comes to getting their thoughts down on paper ( or the digital equivalent ) . But according to a new study , there 's an easy trick anybody can do to improve the quality of their writing : just type more slowly .
Researchers in Canada have found that when people are forced to write at a slower speed , it can actually enhance their way with words , with the use of word choice in particular benefiting from a calmer pace .
`` Typing can be too fluent or too fast , and can actually impair the writing process , '' said Srdan Medimorec , a cognitive psychologist from the University of Waterloo . `` It seems that what we write is a product of the interactions between our thoughts and the tools we use to express them . ''
To examine how an enforced speed limit might affect writing ability , the researchers recruited participants and asked them to write essays using both hands or with only one .
When the researchers examined the essays with text-analysis software , they discovered that the impeded , one-handed typing was better , especially with regard to the sophistication of the vocabulary used .
`` This is the first study to show that when you interfere with people 's typing , their writing can get better , '' said Evan F. Risko , one of the team . `` We 're not saying that students should write their term papers with one hand , but our results show that going fast can have its drawbacks . ''
The authors of the study – which is published in the British Journal of Psychology – believe that by being forced to slow down when typing , writers enjoy greater time to conduct an internal word search .
This gives them a larger variety of terms to subsequently choose from , whereas fast typists may simply write down the first word they think of , which could result in poorer , less considered prose .
`` This is important to consider as writing tools continue to emerge that let us get our thoughts onto the proverbial page faster and faster , '' said Risko .
The researchers say that writing ability would be improved by a slower pace regardless of how a person chooses to express themselves – whether at a keyboard , using text-to-speech programs , or pen and paper – but acknowledge that further research would be needed to verify this .
It 's worth bearing in mind that the researchers in this study used software to rate people 's writing , and while a computer analysis of language is certainly useful , it 's not necessarily the best or most accurate way of gauging the quality of writing intended for a human reader .
Further , previous research has shown that decreased transcription fluency can have a detrimental effect on text quality , so the key might be trying to find a pace that allows you to consider your language adequately without slowing down too much .
The common theme ? Do n't rush yourself when you 're reading or writing , guys ! Unless you 're working on increasing your words per minute ( WPM ) , you 're probably doing yourself a disservice .
Maria Sharapova , who has long been the world 's richest female athlete , will be suspended from tennis after she admitted to failing a drug test at the Australian Open in January .
A sombre looking Sharapova , speaking at a press conference in Los Angeles Monday , said she 'd been taking the drug , meldonium , since 2006 and did n't realize it was declared a banned substance by the World Anti-Doping Agency ( WADA ) at the start of 2016 .
The International Tennis Federation , about an hour after her admission , then said on its website that the 28-year old would be provisionally banned from March 12 `` pending determination of the case . '' The usual penalty for first-time offenders is two years .
The failed drug test came on January 26 -- after Sharapova lost to Serena Williams in the quarterfinals -- and she was charged with an anti-doping violation on March 2 , the governing body additionally said .
There was much speculation that Sharapova 's Monday briefing with reporters centered on retirement plans following an increasing number of injuries , but the failed test was a bigger bombshell . And it came in the wake of match-fixing allegations that rocked tennis in Melbourne .
`` A few days ago I received a letter from the ( International Tennis Federation ) that I failed a drug test at the Australian Open , '' the five-time grand slam winner said in the press conference that was streamed live on Sharapova 's website . `` I did fail the test and take full responsibility for it .
`` For the past 10 years I have been given a medicine called mildronate by my doctor , my family doctor , and a few days ago after I received the ITF letter I found out that it also has another name , meldonium , which I did not know .
`` It 's very important for you to understand for 10 years this medicine was not on WADA 's banned list and I had been legally taking the medicine for the past 10 years . But on January 1 the rules had changed and meldonium became a prohibited substance , which I had not known . ''
Sharapova would later say she began taking the medication , which can be used to treat heart issues , after irregular EKGs and being deficient in magnesium . Her family also has a history of diabetes , she added .
Her revelation came on the same day that Russia 's Olympic ice dance gold medalist Ekaterina Bobrova said she failed a doping test for the same drug .
A new ‘ paparazzi-proof ’ scarf could be a game-changer for celebrities who prefer to shy away from the limelight .
The ISHU scarf is the brainchild of Dutch-born fashion entrepreneur Saif Siddiqui and is designed to ‘ give people their right to privacy back ’ .
A host of celebrities including Cameron Diaz , singer Joe Jonas , Bayern Munich footballer Jerome Boateng and music producer Major Lazer have worn the ISHU after it was spotted at London Fashion Week last year .
It works by reflecting the light back into a camera , effectively becoming an ‘ invisibility cloak ’ for celebrities who don ’ t want their photo taken .
Anyone wearing the scarf is protected from mobile flash photography , with the fashion accessory ’ s fabric effectively blocking out any unwanted pictures , although it doesn ’ t stop no-flash photographs from being taken .
The 28-year-old Siddiqui was inspired while visiting family in Amsterdam in 2009 when his friends attempted to take a photo of him using an iPhone in front of some bikes .
“ He noticed that the bike ’ s reflector manipulated the flash of his mobile camera in a way that obscured the faces of his friends in the picture , ” the ISHU website explains .
“ He immediately realised that if developed into the right product , this feature would be an ideal solution for his friends and [ is ] now available to the public who want to keep their private moments in public private .
“ Saif put together a team of experts who dug into the science of light and reflection , and how to blend technology with fashion . ”
He told Decoded Magazine : “ The ISHU scarf effectively allows an individual to control what pictures and videos are taken of them .
“ There are no more unwanted pictures and videos on Snapchat , Instagram , or Facebook ! Everyone carries a phone with them nowadays that has an amazing camera . So , it all made sense to me . ”
More ISHU products are set to launch in August , with mobile phone cases set to launch in the next few weeks .
The ISHU is currently sold out but you can pre-order it online for £289 .
You wo n't find therapist Ciro Ortiz working in a room filled with books and a leather couch , a church basement or even a hospital .
That 's because Ortiz is 11-years-old , and he makes his sessions available to everyone - as long as they have a subway pass .
Ortiz has spent his last nine Sundays at the Bedford L train stop in Brooklyn , doling out advice to anxious New Yorkers willing to slow down and talk for a few minutes .
His office is a folding card table and two chairs .
His sessions last five minutes , cost $ 2 , and are accompanied by the sounds of passing trains .
The sixth grader , who calls himself the Emotional Advice Kid , revealed he was inspired to offer counseling for two hours a week after he was bullied at school .
He uses the money he earns , usually $ 50 a week , to buy food and snacks for children at his school who ca n't afford it .
Ortiz 's clients have ranged from people seeking relationship advice to New Yorkers who are afraid of change .
One married couple who spotted Ortiz 's stand sought out his help , with the husband revealing he had trouble with the fact his wife had recently gone vegan .
'I told him that she did n't get mad at him for eating meat , ' Ortiz told the New York Post .
'She likes to eat what she wants and he likes to eat whatever he wants so they 're just gon na have to deal with it . '
Ortiz said he most commonly meets people who believe things were 'so much better ' in the past .
'We have to accept change , ' he tells them .
'It 's going to happen - it 's always going to happen . Life is always changing . '
Jasmine Aequitas , Ortiz ' mother , said he was nervous and 'unsure of himself ' when he first opened up his stand on the subway platform .
But after a few weeks , that fear has disappeared .
'He 's coming back saying , `` I 've met so many wonderful people . I 'm gon na end up having so many friends '' ' , Aequitas recalled .
New Yorkers have been grateful for the boy 's advice , with one patient even coming up to his parents after to express her gratitude .
' ( She ) said that what he told her is what she 'd been feeling in her gut the whole time , ' revealed Ortiz ' father Adam .
Ortiz credits his talent to his parents , saying they have always taught him to be nice to everyone and follow his passions .
But Ortiz has no plans to become a counselor when he grows up , foreseeing a career as a video game developer .
For now , though , the honor roll student is happy to help .
'It 's a good way to give back , ' he said , 'and make money ' .
A travel website has assembled a comprehensive list of the top 50 landmarks around the world , narrowing down the most and least popular among Instagram users .
Topping the list ? Snapping a selfie in front of the Eiffel Tower , of course .
From Hollywood 's A-list to music royalty , even superstars like Beyonce and Jay Z and John Legend and Chrissy Teigen ca n't resist a photo op in front of the Parisian landmark .
Following close behind , the hashtag Big Ben has been used over 2.5 million times , by tourists and bloggers alike , the list by On The Go Tours reveals .
And in the United States , which boasts four of the top 10 all-time Instagrammed landmarks , it 's Arizona 's Grand Canyon that tops all others .
Among the celebrities documenting their visit to this American hotspot is Cindy Crawford , who shared this adorable family photo in front of the breathtaking vista .
It probably comes as no surprise that Europe is home to six of the top spots .
Rounding out the top five are # LondonEye , with nearly two million uses and # EmpireStateBuilding , with over 1.6million photos hashtagged .
Meanwhile , in sixth place , San Francisco 's Golden Gate Bridge is a popular location for plenty of picturesque selfies ( just ask Christy Turlington ! ) .
New York 's Statue of Liberty takes the eighth spot , with the hashtag having been used well over a million times .
Following Lady Liberty , it 's Barcelona 's Sagrada Familia that proves popular among aspiring Instagram photographers .
And finally , it 's Rome 's Colosseum that rounds out the top 10 , with the hashtag having been used over 924,000 times .
It 's also a favourite among celebrities - and their pets !
Top model Coco Rocha recently shared a stylish self portrait outside of the amphitheatre , while Lewis Hamilton opted to post a precious snap of his pooch Roscoe touring the Roman ruins .
1 . Eiffel Tower , Paris - # EiffelTower
2 . Big Ben , London - # BigBen
3 . Grand Canyon , USA - # GrandCanyon
4 . London Eye , London - # LondonEye
5 . Empire State Building , USA - # EmpireStateBuilding
6 . Golden Gate Bridge , USA - # GoldenGateBridge
7 . Tower Bridge , London - # TowerBridge
8 . Statue of Liberty , USA - # StatueofLiberty
9 . Sagrada Familia , Barcelona - # SagradaFamilia
10 . Colosseum , Rome - # Colosseum
11 . CN Tower , Toronto , Canada - # CNTower
12 . Machu Picchu , Peru - # MachuPicchu
13 . Burj Al Arab , Dubai - # BurjAlArab
14 . Taj Mahal , Agra , India - # TajMahal
15 . Buckingham Palace , London - # BuckinghamPalace
16 . Arc de Triomphe , Paris - # ArcDeTriomphe
17 . Sydney Opera House , Sydney - # SydneyOperaHouse
18 . Sacre-Coeur , Paris - # SacreCoeur
19 . Stonehenge , England - # Stonehenge
20 . Chichen Itza , Mexico - # ChichenItza
21 . Hollywood sign , Los Angeles - # HollywoodSign
22 . Great Wall of China , Beijing - # GreatWall
23 . Willis Tower , Chicago - # WillisTower
24 . Trevi Fountain , Rome - # TreviFountain
25 . Golden Temple , Punjab , India - # GoldenTemple
26 . Uluru , Petermann - # Uluru
27 . Hagia Sophia , Istanbul - # HagiaSophia
28 . Mount Fuji , Fujinomiya - # MountFuji
29 . Neuschwanstein Castle , Germany - # Neuschwanstein
30 . Loch Ness , Scotland - # LochNess
31 . Mont Saint-Michel , France - # MontSaintMichel
32 . Forbidden City , Beijing - # ForbiddenCity
33 . Leaning Tower of Pisa , Italy - # LeaningTowerOfPisa
34 . St. Peter 's Basilica , Vatican City - # StPetersBasilica
35 . Brandenburg Gate , Berlin - # BrandenburgGate
36 . Manneken Pis , Brussels - # MannekenPis
37 . Gateway Arch , St. Louis , Missouri - # GatewayArch
38 . Christ the Redeemer , Brazil - # ChristTheRedeemer
39 . The Louvre , Paris - # TheLouvre
40 . Palace of Versailles , Île-de-France - # PalaceofVersailles
41 . Saint Basil 's Cathedral , Moscow - # StBasilsCathedral
42 . Bran Castle , Romania - # BranCastle
43 . White Cliffs of Dover , England - # WhiteCliffsOfDover
44 . Angel Falls , Venezuela - # AngelFalls
45 . Moscow Kremlin , Moscow - # MoscowKremlin
46 . Potala Palace , Lhasa - # PotalaPalace
47 . Sultan Ahmed Mosque , Istanbul - # SultanAhmedMosque
48 . Great Pyramid of Giza , Egypt - # GreatPyramid
49 . Park Guell , Barcelona - # ParkGuellBarcelona
50 . Mount Rushmore National Memorial , South Dakota - # MountRushmoreNationalMemorial
This cat 's got more than your tongue .
A pet feline in New Zealand has been stealing men 's underwear and socks from other people 's homes .
In a Facebook post , the cat 's owner , Sarah Nathan , uploaded a photo of her pet named Brigit along with the many pairs of socks and underwear the animal has retrieved .
In just two months , the six-year-old Tonkinese cat acquired 11 pairs of underwear and more than 50 pairs of socks .
`` Now it 's getting silly ... Every morning we wake up to more , '' she said . `` I 've put notes in every letterbox in the street . Someone must be missing this stuff . ''
It was very obvious to the homeowners that the undergarments did not belong to them .
`` They did n't belong to anyone in the house and one day Brigit walked into our lounge carrying a sock like a kitten , '' Nathan told BBC .
She added that Brigit 's victims were probably from a nearby apartment `` full of blokes . ''
One commenter called her pet a good cat , who has a better hobby than killing small animals .
`` You should train her to bring money or jewels at home : ) , '' Leonore Havel wrote .
Crystal LeBron commented on Facebook , `` I can just imagine some poor man sets out his outfit for his shower and comes out and the socks and underwear have disappeared and his wife thinks he is insane . ''
One of the most eye-catching scenes in the visuals for Swift 's new single saw the pop star sitting in a bath tub filled with diamonds chokers , rings and necklaces .
Taylor Swift 's diamond bath in the video was filled with real jewels worth more than $ 10 million , it has been reported .
Celebrity jeweller Neil Lane has confirmed that his jewellery was featured , telling Page Six : `` I had to go to the vault for this one . They wanted an over-the-top , glamorous look so we gave them unprecedented access to my collection . And wow what an amazing turnout , diamonds have never looked better ! ''
People are speculating that Swift being surrounded by diamonds in a bathroom is a reference to Kim Kardashian 's infamous October 2016 Paris robbery , where she was locked in a bathroom by gun-wielding intruders who stole millions of dollars worth of jewelry from her .
The robbers were first reported to have stolen around $ 11 million worth of jewels , although the value of the items was later reported to be less than that .
The shot of Taylor in a bathtub full of jewels also reminds us of her quote in 2015 when she said that the media paints her as someone who sits at home and cries in a bathtub of pearls .
Earlier this month , Swift won her case against DJ David Mueller after she alleged that he groped her during a meet-and-greet a few years back .
`` Grabbing a woman 's rear end is an assault , and it 's always wrong . Any woman — rich , poor , famous , or not — is entitled to have that not happen . ''
News.com.au reports via the New York Post that one of the snake rings of Swift 's left ring finger appeared to be the same piece that Zoe Saldana wore to the 2013 Oscars .
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex .
Why ? I made that bitch famous .
A TOP secret CIA report claims a troop of former Soviet Union soldiers gunned down a UFO only to be ‘ turned into stone by the surviving aliens ’ .
The report in question , created on March 27 1993 , is a translation by the CIA of a report from the Ukrainian newspaper Ternopil vechirniy .
The declassified document includes allegations 23 soldiers were killed by five ETs from the flying saucer after a deadly encounter in Siberia .
The document – which can be found on the official CIA website – is a translation of a report from a Ukrainian newspaper .
The newspaper reports of a 250-page KGB dossier on the UFO attack , which included pictures and witness testimonies .
The report stated the flying saucer had appeared over a military unit training in Siberia .
One of the soldiers is then said to have taken it down with a surface-to-air missile .
It said : “ Five short humanoids with large heads and large black eyes got out . ”
Just two soldiers are said to have survived the encounter .
The report claims five beings emerged from the crashed craft and the joined together to form a ball of light which then exploded turning 23 soldiers ‘ into stone ’ .
The report reads : “ The KGB report goes on to say that the remains of the ‘ petrified soldiers ’ were transferred to a secret research institution near Moscow .
“ Specialists assume that a source of energy still unknown to Earthlings instantly changed the structure of the soldiers living organisms , having transformed it into a substance whose molecular structure was no different to limestone . ”
A CIA representative stated at the end of the report : “ If the KGB file corresponds to reality , this is an extremely menacing case .
`` The aliens possess such weapons and technology that go beyond all our assumptions . ''
It is not explained in the document why the CIA held a translation of the Ukrainian newspaper report on file .
However , the translated newspaper report contained in the declassified CIA file said the source of the information had come from the Canadian Weekly World News , which was known at the time for publishing outlandish and fictional news headlines .
A library in Alabama has reportedly warned its customers that it plans to enforce strict new borrowing rules that include the possibility of jail time for anyone who fails to return a book on time .
In an effort to recoup about $ 200,000 worth of overdue books , the Athens-Limestone public library will be enforcing a new policy that includes fines of $ 100 , a city jail term of 30 days or possibly both , according to the News Courier .
Library director Paula Laurita said the harsh new rules were necessary because offenders were effectively stealing from the library and taxpayers .
“ Sometimes we hear , ‘ I lent my library card to my cousin , ’ ” Laurita said . “ I just want to ask , ‘ Would you lend your cousin your credit card ? If they go and get $ 700 worth of clothing and you ’ re responsible for the bill , would you do that ? ’ ”
Library customers can end up owing large sums to the library because they are able to take out up to 25 books at a time , which could have a retail value of $ 25 each .
Anyone with overdue books will have the chance to return them before the authorities are notified .
The library will first notify borrowers with overdue books via text or email . If that is ignored , a certified letter will be sent , warning they have 10 days to hand in their books and pay any fines owed .
If that letter is not acted on , a court summons will be issued , WAAY 31 reported . Ignoring the court summons could result in another fine and jail time .
Laurita said children would not be targeted by the policy .
New York 's iconic , blue-green statue of liberty was n't always green .
When the statue was gifted to the US from France in 1885 , she was actually a shiny copper color .
A new video reveals the chemical reactions involving oxygen and even air pollution that led to her color change from copper to liberty green .
The statue of liberty was a gift from France to the US as a way of commemorating the US 's fight for independence , as well as their own aspiration for democracy .
A video , published by the American Chemical Society , explains that the 305-foot ( 93 meter ) statue was built over nine years in sections of copper skin on top of an iron skeleton .
According to the National Park Service , the statue is made of thirty tons of copper - enough to make 435 million pennies .
'In her first few decades in the Big Apple , the statue slowly turned from that shiny copper color to a dull brown and the , finally , to the blue-green , or as they 'd say back in France , 'verdigris ' we see today , ' said the video 's narrator .
When it changed color , some officials suggested restoring her back to her original color , but after the public protested against this decision , she was left the way she is .
The statue 's color change was as a result of oxidation reactions between copper and the air .
But it was more than one reaction - the color change is due to about 30 years worth of different reactions leading to a mixture of greenish minerals .
Oxidation reactions happen when an atom loses an electron to another atom .
In the case of the statue of liberty , her color change was bound to happen due to oxygen in the atmosphere that is 'hungry ' for electrons .
On top of this , elements of New York City 's polluted air added to the color change too .
The first chemical reaction of the color change involved copper giving up electrons to electron-hungry oxygen in the atmosphere .
This led to a mineral called cuprite - which is pinkish red .
Then , cuprite loses even more electrons to oxygen , forming a new mineral called tenorite , which is blackish in color .
The black color of tenorite explains why the statue got darker over time , forming a dark brown color .
Then , further chemical reactions occurred when sulfur in the atmosphere reacts with water .
Sulfur comes from natural processes such as volcanic eruptions , but also from man-made emissions from boats , cars , airplanes and factories .
When sulfur dioxide in the atmosphere reacts with water , it produces sulfuric acid .
Sulfuric acid forms green minerals with copper oxides , so the sulfuric acid in the atmosphere made the state green over time .
Added to that , chloride from the sea spray surrounding Ellis Island where the statue is located made the statue even greener .
The statue stayed this way for over 100 years because the exposed copper is now oxidized and stable , but the statue would n't be the same anywhere else .
We all know that ditching carbs and alcohol can help shift the weight around our middle but did you know there 's plenty of other reasons you may be struggling to get a flat stomach that do n't have anything to do with the food that passes your lips ?
Chewing gum
Munching on a piece of minty fresh gum makes you swallow too much air , which gets trapped in your digestive system causing pressure , bloating and gas . The same thing can happen if you gulp air when snacking on the run , eating too quickly , talking while eating or drinking from a straw .
Rushing your food
It is often easy to eat too quickly or on the run especially breakfast and/or lunch if time is short but it can cause bloating . If you eat on the run your body is feeling stressed because you are rushing .
The stress response was designed to enable you to either run or fight for your life , during which time digestion of food was unlikely , the natural flow of energy is diverted away from your digestive system to your extremities to give you the energy to run or fight .
Your body literally shuts down your digestive function and food stagnates and ferments , making you feel bloated and often giving you gas .
Stress hormone cortisol
The main reason some people gather more fat around their middle than others is specifically because of the action of the stress hormone cortisol .
And if you eat something sugary or fatty as a consequence of the post-stress appetite surge , any weight you gain as a result , will be around your middle . The reason fat targets the middle is because it is close to the liver where it can most quickly be converted back into energy if needed .
Lack of sleep
People who are sleep deprived have an increased appetite . Inadequate sleep lowers levels of leptin , a hormone that suppresses appetite , and increases grehlin , a hormone that increases food intake and is thought to play a role in long-term regulation of body weight . All this suggests that sleep deprivation can make weight loss extremely difficult because it causes your body to work against you !
Keep a regular sleep routine , include 30 minutes of exercise in your day , avoid all stimulants in the evening ( including chocolate , coffee , tea ) , avoid bright light around the house before bed , have a relaxing bath and keep your bedroom quiet , dark and cool .
Bad gut bacteria
Our stomach is made up of good and bad bacteria , called gut flora , which has a controlling influence over many important body functions , including metabolism and fat reduction . However , our lifestyle habits can often damage our gut bacteria . These factors include taking antibiotics , a diet high in sugar , stress and alcohol . Try to eliminate these to help with fat reduction .
Water retention from periods
Water retention is a problem for many women and it is often worse just before a period . Don ’ t be tempted to limit your intake of fluids , which can actually cause bloating . Your body will think it needs to conserve water , which exacerbates the problem . Water is a natural diuretic and it should be drunk as frequently as possible .
Too much salt
Table salt is sodium chloride and sodium is a mineral that affects your body ’ s ability to balance water retention . Another mineral , potassium , works with sodium to regulate water balance and normalise heart rhythm . The more sodium you consume , the more potassium you need to counteract this effect .
If you have a high salt intake , you could be carrying around an extra 1.8kg ( 4lb ) in excess weight due to water retention . Water retention can be caused by not drinking enough water and also too much salt but it can also be caused by the same blood sugar swings that trigger many of the pre-menstrual symptoms .
People are awesome – and here ’ s the proof .
Two-year-old Owen Earl , from Glendale , Arizona , could be a golfing great in the making on the evidence of this clip .
Owen was filmed in February by his mother , Julianna , driving a ball to his dad , Brad , who caught it in his mouth .
Julianna said : ‘ They had only tried it a handful of times that night before I had pulled out my phone to record it . And the video I captured was the first time they had actually gotten it .
‘ Owen is a pretty good aim for a two-year-old . ’
Juggling with just hands is hard enough – so it ’ s a rather hearty round of applause for Val Jauregui , who can juggle balls with her hands and feet .
The 22-year-old , from Mexico City , says she puts in around seven hours of practice a day to keep her skills fined-tuned .
She ’ s been foot juggling now for around four years and recommends that beginners start with a basketball .
Jauregui ’ s skills have seen her perform in circus acts around the world , in countries including Germany , Spain , France , the UK , Norway and Italy .
Jakob Malmsten took a long-distance basketball shot that would be hard enough with two feet planted firmly on the ground .
But he added a mid-throw somersault just for good measure .
An astonishing clip filmed in Stockholm shows him bouncing on a trampoline then spinning in the air , throwing the ball through the hoop and landing the flip .
Malmsten , 18 , told MailOnline Travel : 'I have been making trickshot videos for a couple of years now and I like to create new creative shots that I have never seen on the internet before . I often use basketballs , golf balls , frisbees and juggling . I 'm also a competing trampoline-gymnast . '
Of the amazing shot , Malmsten insists it was no fluke .
He added : 'During my training session we were joking about making a shot like this . Some of us said it was nearly impossible to achieve . But that kind of comment only inspires me to do it . At the end of the session I gave it a try and made it in my third attempt , I think . '
Australian snowboarders Alex Stewart and Jack Errichiello demonstrate that fun can be had in the tightest of spots – by careering between houses at Australia ’ s Hotham Alpine Resort .
The pair take to the air over fences and sheds as they navigate their way to the slopes .
It certainly counts as an awesome video .
A 30-degree road is scary enough in a car , let alone on a solitary rollerblade .
But this daredevil revels in the challenge .
Filmed in Asti , Italy , this clip shows him speeding down the lane facing the wrong way and on one rollerblade .
It ’ s heart-stopping stuff .
When this lady photoshopped herself on an assumed trip to China , little did she know that her dream would come true .
Facebook user , Sevelyn Kinya aka Seve Gat , sent the social media space into a frenzy , when she took to Facebook to share posts from her obviously photoshopped trip to China .
The Kenyan lady , shared pictures of herself as a ‘ tourist ’ in China , an effort which caught the attention of many people , haters and lovers alike .
While most people were busily laughing at her , a young man took it upon himself to make her dreams a reality .
A fundraiser appeal was launched by a young man named Sam Gichuru , who took the appeal to his Facebook account , prompting some kind-hearted Kenyans to raise the money she ’ ll travel with .
Sam with the help of his friends has been able to raise enough money for Sevelyn to enjoy her dream vacation later in the year .
Here ’ s what Sam had to say :
“ Sevelyn , we have raised enough in cash and kind to send you to China , travel , accommodation ( 4star ) , travel insurance and pocket money and probably a visit to the Kenyan embassy in Beijing to meet the Kenyan Ambassador to China ( to be confirmed -praying ) . So , now it ’ s all up to you . ”
An excited Sevelyn took to her Facebook page to thank Sam and his friends for their kind gesture .
Here ’ s her post below :
A new app promises to revolutionise the way we take pictures , creating hypnotic animated loops of everyday snapshots to be shared on social media .
Phhhoto launched in July last year but over the last few weeks has received an increasing amount of attention after pop stars like Katy Perry , Miley Cyrus , and Joe Jonas and tech entrepreneur Mark Zuckerberg all expressed their love for the app .
The moving picture mobile camera app for iOs allows users to capture moving images and share them across social networks including Twitter , Facebook and Instagram .
Omar Elsayed , Champ Bennett , and Russell Armand , came up with the idea of a gif-like photobooth app while at an office party for their digital agency , HyperHyper.com .
The concept itself is relatively simple : It grabs four photos in succession using a relatively slow shutter speed and then links them together to form a gif-like image . Since its launch in July last year Phhhoto has had almost three million movable photos uploaded .
'What we 've been the most surprised about is in how long people are spending before posting something , ' Phhhoto cofounder Omar Elsayed told VentureBeat .
'Honestly , we 're interested in making images people want to look at , and making things that no one has been able to make easily before . When we started it had nothing to do with GIFs or the format itself . It was about creating an experience for viewing and creating something in between video and photos that was optimized for mobile devices . '
Phhhoto is available to download on both iTunes and Google Play .
Residents suffering through the brutal winters of Minnesota are finding interesting ways to entertain themselves .
With winter comes plenty of new activities like sledding , ice skating and of course snowball fights , but when it 's too cold to stay outside for more than 15 minutes , it 's time for a new activity : frozen pants .
The trend seems to have started with Minneapolis resident Tom Grotting , who is well known in the area for freezing his pants and displaying them for his neighbors to see , ABC News reports .
Seeing pants like this sort of looks like a mix between a bad jeans ad and a horror film , and it 's certain to get at least a few double takes .
Grotting explains that in order to get the pants to stand up , he soaks them in a bucket of water , then hangs them outside as they freeze .
“ I mostly do it for my neighbor , Diane , ” Grotting told ABC News . “ The winter gets a little long and she doesn ’ t like winter very much so it ’ s mostly entertainment for Diane . ”
Grotting says he started creating his frozen artwork a few years ago when the area was hit with a Polar Vortex , causing extremely low temperatures , perfect for pant sculpting . But things really took off when he submitted a picture of one of his pants to a local Facebook page , I Love N.E . Minneapolis .
Since the media pickup of Grotting 's pants , other people living in cold climates with a spare pair of pants have been trying it out . But according to Grotting , some people are n't so happy with his new passion , particularly his two teenagers . They 're probably also not too pumped that he told the media that they hate it .
Dancing in clubs after midnight in Japan is no longer a crime as long as the lights stay on for deceny 's sake , according to new regulations .
The bizarre regulation dates back to the Law on Control and Improvement of Amusement Business which was passed in 1948 during US occupation to curb prostitution in dance halls .
Enforcement of the law was relaxed from the 1960s , with the nation 's now famed all-night clubbing scene booming in recent decades .
However , the murder of a 22-year-old student in a fight at a club in Osaka 2010 resulted in a fresh crackdown .
Launching a campaign to eliminate an excessively hedonistic atmosphere at clubs , police embarked on high-profile raids , forcing many clubs to close for licensing violations .
The music industry lobbied against the laws and a petition calling for a change in regulations was signed by more than 160,000 people .
This week they were able to claim victory as politicians in Japan 's upper house of parliament voted to relax the law - part of a package of measures designed to ease deflationary pressures and to create a more relaxed atmosphere in the run-up to the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo .
A revision , which is expected to come into effect by next summer , will permit dancing after midnight .
However , dancing will be permitted only if lighting in clubs is at least 10 lux a twilight-like level , the equivalent of a cinema with the lights on , according to Panasonic .
According to the new law , a club will no longer be defined as an adult entertainment business if its illumination exceeds 10 lux , enabling dancing to take place in designated areas .
Police are planning to continue regulation of the clubbing scene by monitoring illumination in dance establishments to ensure it remains respectably bright , according to media reports .
Among those who welcomed the change in the dance law was Kumiko Omura , 35 , from Tokyo , who has been clubbing in the capital for more than a decade .
Dancing at clubs has long been associated with strip clubs , but it is nothing of the sort , Ms Omura told Bloomberg . It was a very contradictory law , given that dance is a compulsory subject at schools .
The MIT Technology Review published on Wednesday a news report about the first-known experiment to create genetically modified human embryos in the United States using a gene-editing tool called CRISPR .
Shoukhrat Mitalipov , director of the Oregon Health & amp ; Science University 's Center for Embryonic Cell and Gene Therapy , reportedly led the new research . Mitalipov and the university would not confirm details of the research to CNN .
`` Results of the peer-reviewed study are expected to be published soon in a scientific journal . No further information will be provided before then , '' according to an emailed statement from the university 's press office . Another researcher cited in the MIT report , the Salk Institute 's Jun Wu , did not reply to CNN 's request for comment .
Previously , Mitalipov and his colleagues reported the first success in cloning human stem cells in 2013 , successfully reprogramming human skin cells back to their embryonic state . In 2007 , a research team led by Mitalipov announced they created the first cloned monkey embryo and extracted stem cells from it .
The MIT Technology Review reported that the researchers in Portland , Oregon , edited the DNA of a large number of one-cell embryos , specifically targeting genes associated with inherited diseases in those embryos . The MIT Technology Review could not determine which disease genes had been chosen for editing in the new research .
Previously , scientists in China were the first in the world to reveal attempts to modify genes in human embryos using CRISPR . Three separate papers were published in scientific journals describing various studies in China on gene editing in human embryos .
Yet the research has already generated attention and controversy .
`` This is pushing the research faster than I thought we would see , '' said Dana Carroll , professor of biochemistry at the University of Utah , `` if the MIT Technology Review report rings true . '' Carroll has used CRISPR in his own studies , but was not involved in the new research .
The controversy surrounding gene-editing in human embryos partly stems from concern that the changes CRISPR makes in DNA can be passed down to the offspring of those embryos later in life , from generation to generation . Down the line , that could possibly impact the genetic makeup of humans in erratic ways .
`` There is also considerable concern about off-target effects , such as making mutations at sites in the genome other than the intended target , '' said Carroll . In other words , an edit made in one area of DNA possibly could cause problems in another , as a ripple or domino effect , which could be concerning .
Some CRISPR critics also have argued that gene-editing may give way to eugenics and to allowing embryos to be edited with certain features in order to develop so-called designer babies .
Though , not all experts are too concerned .
The enthusiasm surrounding gene-editing in human embryos partly stems from the promise CRISPR has shown in editing away and treating devastating intractable diseases . Earlier this year , the National Academies of Sciences , Engineering , and Medicine published a report on human genome editing , addressing potential applications of gene editing , including the possible prevention or treatment of disease .
`` Tom , we are arranging a bit of a soirée towards the end of August . It would be great if you could make it , I promise food of at least comparible ( sic ) quality to that which we ate in Iraq . Should be a great evening . ''
Bossert wrote back : `` Thanks , Jared . With a promise like that , I ca n't refuse . Also , if you ever need it , my personal email is '' ( redacted ) .
Masquerading as Priebus , the prankster emailed Scaramucci 's official account using a mail.com account on Saturday , the day after Priebus ' resignation was announced .
`` I had promised myself I would leave my hands mud free , but after reading your tweet today which stated how ; 'soon we will learn who in the media has class , and who doesn ’ t ' , has pushed me to this . That tweet was breathtakingly hypocritical , even for you . At no stage have you acted in a way that 's even remotely classy , yet you believe that 's the standard by which everyone should behave towards you ? General Kelly will do a fine job . I 'll even admit he will do a better job than me . But the way in which that transition has come about has been diabolical . And hurtful . I do n't expect a reply . ''
The very real Scaramucci responded : `` You know what you did . We all do . Even today . But rest assured we were prepared . A Man would apologize . ''
Fake Priebus wrote back : `` I ca n't believe you are questioning my ethics ! The so called 'Mooch ' , who ca n't even manage his first week in the White House without leaving upset in his wake . I have nothing to apologize for . ''
Actual Scaramucci responded : `` Read Shakespeare . Particularly Othello . You are right there . My family is fine by the way and will thrive . I know what you did . No more replies from me . ''
`` Who 's ( sic ) head should roll first ? Maybe I can help things along somewhat . ''
“ Both of them . ”
After a few other nice messages of support from faux Huntsman , Scaramucci wrote , `` Are you in Moscow now ? If not please visit . ''
Huntsman himself was also tricked , with the prankster pretending to be Eric Trump , the President 's son .
Eric Trump , too , was similarly hoodwinked by the prankster emailing as his older brother , Donald Trump Jr. , but he soon caught on and responded , `` I have sent this to law enforcement who will handle from here . ''
The email prankster told CNN he never heard from anyone in law enforcement about his email to Eric Trump .
White House officials acknowledged the incidents and said they were taking the matter seriously . `` We take all cyber related issues very seriously and are looking into these incidents further , '' White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told CNN .
`` I try and keep it on the humorous side of things . I 'm not trying to get the keys to the vault or anything like that . ''
A 68-year-old Texas grandfather who was offered a seat on a subway in Rio de Janeiro shocked Twitter users around the world when he pulled off a stunt that would be difficult for a man even half his age -- a feat that was captured in pictures shared by his grandson .
Britton Barker , 19 , shared a series of photos of his grandfather , Wayne McEntire , on Twitter Thursday morning after he `` very respectfully declined '' the seat offered by a young Brazilian man on a relatively crowded train .
`` He is one of the kindest and most polite people I know , '' Barker said of his grandfather .
The pair , from Amarillo , were leaving Rio Centre after seeing some Olympic events and heading back to their apartment on the Copacabana Beach , Barker told ABC News .
After being offered a seat , McEntire can be seen grabbing a pole then using his upper body strength to hoist his legs in the air , his body parallel to the bench below him . A man in a green shirt looks up in amusement as he poses for the camera .
Several people approached him as they exited the train to tell him how `` impressive '' the move was and to ask him how old he was , Barker said .
`` Someone offered my grandpa a preferred seat for elderly people on the subway and he did this , '' Barker wrote on Twitter . Barker said that his grandfather has pulled similar tricks in the past , but never in public .
Someone offered my grandpa a preferred seat for elderly people on the subway and he did this
The post has been retweeted more than 38,000 times and liked more than 44,000 times .
`` I 've never experienced anything like it , '' the teen said .
Oops accidentally made Papa Twitter famous
Barker will travel home to the US tomorrow to move into his dorm at Texas Tech University while McEntire will stay in Rio for another week , Barker said . McEntire is an avid Olympics fan , and Rio is the fifth Olympic games he 's traveled to since Los Angeles in 1984 , his grandson said . He then went on to attend the Sydney games in 2000 to watch his friend Brandon Slay win a gold medal for the US in wrestling .
After Sydney , McEntire traveled to Beijing in 2008 and London in 2012 with Barker 's older brother , Barrett . McEntire plans on taking Barker and both his brothers with him to Tokyo in 2020 , Barker said .
The One-China policy constitutes the political foundation of China-US relations which has remained unshaken despite the changing circumstances , nor can this relationship be undermined . With that foundation in place , we believe that there are broad prospects for China-US cooperation .
The China-US relationship is crucial not just to the two countries themselves , but also to regional and global peace , security , and stability . Hence we must work together to continuously take it forward .
The people of both countries have the wisdom to properly manage their differences , there is a need and there are also conditions for us to continue to expand our common interests .
China does not want to see a trade war between the US and China . That would not make our trade fairer and cause loss for the both sides .
China will remain an important engine for world growth amid sluggish global economic recovery .
As for China , lack or stopped development represents the biggest risk for this country . So it is essential that we maintain steady medium-high growth of our economy and that in itself is China ’ s contribution to global stability .
China will `` fasten the seat belt '' and prevent any `` acute outburst '' of financial risks on the track for maintaining medium-high growth speed .
The global trend of peace , development and cooperation and globalization are indivisible .
The truth is , to shut our door to the outside world would not help China do its own things well , so China will continue to open to the outside world , with this opening-up being a gradual process .
We have confidence that we will continue to open this country at a higher level , and maintain this country as a popular destination for investment . We welcome other partners to work with us to share in the development opportunities of China .
As for liberalization of global trade , we believe all countries need to work together to push it forward . This globe belongs to us all and we all need to do our bit .
We have always adopted an open mind and approach to the various regional trading arrangements , and we will also welcome progress in these arrangements or proposed arrangements . China will continue to remain engaged and participate in the liberalization of global trade .
China will not overreach its regional influence to seek trade arrangements where the country 's due role is not in place .
Essentially this reform will help the government to focus on performing its due role more effectively instead of overreaching itself , because that will only tie down our businesses , cut government ’ s efficiencies and even public credibility .
The government also needs to adopt the Internet Plus governance to ensure that government services will be more easily accessible for our people .
What the government should do is to send a resounding message of “ yes ” to the all law-abiding market entities , to flash the green light of going ahead to the hardworking entrepreneurs and innovators , and to seriously deal with all violations of laws and regulations by showing them a resolutely a “ yellow card ” of stern warning , or even a “ red card ” to send them out of the market .
China is committed to denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula , the peace and stability in the Korean Peninsula , and resolving issues through dialogue and consultation . That is China ’ s consistent and clear-cut position .
China has fully complied with UN resolutions on the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula , and is a staunch supporter of upholding the international nuclear non-proliferation regime .
It is just a common sense that no one wants to see chaos at his doorstep .
Employment is the foundation of economic development . It creates wealth and it is the major source of household income .
For the government , the job is to create a good environment and the necessary conditions for our people to use their own wisdom and hard work to generate golden opportunities for themselves , rather than just relying on the government to hand them a job .
China will not see nor allow massive unemployment of particular groups this year , as the government is capable of ensuring a favorable environment to generate jobs .
China 's economic performance in the past few years should suffice to put predictions of a hard landing to a full stop . China 's economy will continue to enjoy medium-high growth and be upgraded to higher levels
There should be no more arbitrary use of government power and that requires that the government must no longer overreach itself and we must eliminate any possible room for rent-seeking behaviors . This reform must be persistently pursued by the central government and all local governments at varies levels .
The government needs to work to emancipate and develop productive forces , bring out the initiative for the people and deliver greater benefits to the general public , the essence of governance is to always act in the overall interests of the whole country rather than just acting in one 's narrow departmental interests . The essence of our government is to always respond to the people ’ s call .
We believe our initiative of mass entrepreneurship and innovation is a response to the call of our time , the government self-targeted reform of streamlining administration and delegating power is also to boost this public enthusiasm for business start-ups and making innovations .
China 's mass entrepreneurship and innovation initiative has a strong vitality .
Chinese people are intelligent and hardworking and they have an inexhaustible drive for pursuing a better life for themselves . The government needs to create the enabling environment for our people to fully use their talent and initiative .
The ‘ one country , two systems ’ principle needs to be steadfastly applied in Hong Kong without being bent or distorted .
The central government is planning to establish a bond market connect between the mainland and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region on a trial basis this year , allowing for the first time overseas capital to access mainland bond markets from overseas . Hong Kong will be the first to benefit from such an arrangement
There is still tremendous untapped potential in China-Russia economic and trade ties and the two economies are highly complementary . The goals set for the two-way trade can be achieved .
China does not want to resort to yuan depreciation to boost exports as that would dampen the restructuring and upgrading of the corporate sector .
We also do not want any trade war with others and we have stuck to reform of the yuan 's exchange rate formation mechanism to keep it basically stable at reasonable and equilibrium levels .
China has ample foreign exchange reserves to satisfy the demands of imports and short-term debt repayments .
The central government has allocated a special fund of 100 billion yuan to provide assistance to workers laid off from overcapacity cuts , and also has asked local governments to set up matching funds .
To provide assistance to these laid-off workers will continue to be our priority in cutting overcapacity and pursuing the supply-side structural reform .
The renewal of the 70-year term of land-use rights by urban-dwelling owners will be no problem . No application needs to be filed , there will be no preset conditions and it will not affect any deal being made over the property .
The Asia-Pacific is the common home of all countries in the region . China does not want to see any party in the Asia-Pacific region feel compelled to choose sides under the influence of a Cold-War mentality .
China hopes that the Asia-Pacific region will be one that enjoys order and stability , a region that is able to work out issues through consensus-building consultation , properly manage differences through dialogue and has the wisdom to resolve differences .
We will use this painful adjustment on the part of government to ensure that things will be much more convenient and easier for our businesses to enhance their competiveness on the market .
We need to ensure that our consumers will have access to good options , benefit from such consumption , and most importantly that Chinese companies will be able to win over the consumers with their commitment to high quality and workmanship .
People on both sides of the Taiwan Strait are brothers and sisters , and no matter how the situation on the island evolves , the mainland is determined to maintain Cross-Strait stability .
With respect to trade frictions between the two sides , I think we have gained good experience in addressing them .
China has all long and continues to support a united , prosperous and stable European Union , support a strong Euro , and support European integration process . We believe that is good for globalization , for a multipolar world and for diversity of civilizations . We feel optimistic about the future of the EU and the future of China-EU relations .
Like air , blue skies treat everyone equally .
Blue skies will not be , and should not be , a luxury .
As the annual sessions of China 's top legislative and political advisory bodies are drawing to a close , overseas experts and scholars continued to show strong interests in the important gathering .
The third session of the 12th National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) , the country 's top political advisory body , concludes Friday in Beijing , while the third session of the 12th National People 's Congress ( NPC ) , the national legislature , will end on Sunday .
Among different items on the agenda of the two sessions , the economic model of `` new normal '' , along with deeper reforms in various sectors , has become a focus of world attention .
NEW MODEL OF SLOWER BUT HIGHER-QUALITY GROWTH
Hans Hendrischke , an economics professor at University of Sydney , said the `` new normal '' , a phrase to describe China 's current economic situation , `` includes the successful rebalancing of the Chinese economy toward a consumer and service economy . ''
He added that the `` new normal '' , characterized by slower but higher-quality growth , also includes an acute sense of the risks of the middle income trap facing China 's industrial structure .
`` The new normal is a stronger service orientation and high-end manufacturing in areas where China will have to create its own markets by extending its domestic economies of scale , for example in infrastructure and transport , into global markets , '' Hendrischke said .
On the new growth theory , U.S. experts also agree it suggests that China is determined to pursue economic transition and make further progress on its reform agenda .
`` China is in the middle of an extremely difficult , but necessary transition to a different growth model based on greater reliance for growth on domestic consumption , faster service sector development , and greater reliance on domestic innovation , '' said Pieter P. Bottelier , a senior adjunct professor of China studies at the School of Advanced International Studies of the Johns Hopkins University .
`` That transition is currently in full swing and will probably take several years , '' he added .
Scott Kennedy , deputy director of the Freeman Chair in China Studies at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , shared similar views , saying the Chinese government is moving ahead on reforms in many areas , including state-owned enterprises , the fiscal system , interest rates and foreign economic relations .
`` The different components fit well together , and the specific policies in each area are part of a larger whole . This indicates how serious the leadership is about economic reform , '' he said .
Stephen Perry , a seasoned British entrepreneur and China watcher , said the world 's second largest economy has carried out a set of interlinked reforms to upgrade its economic model to the `` new normal '' , which values sustainability and social justice .
`` I think 'new normal ' is a sound analysis of the move from low cost exports to a managed market economy with global dimensions , '' said Perry , chairman of the British 48 Group Club , an independent business network committed to promoting links between Britain and China .
`` There is a big set of interlinked policy initiatives which have been implemented and are working to create the basis for a new China which values sustainability , reasonable growth , care of the environment and a reasonable shared living standard and welfare state to assure the vulnerable , '' he said .
People have lashed out at a Chinese shopping mall after it hosted a catwalk show for young girls wearing skimpy lingerie in southwest China .
Pictures posted online show child models walking in bikinis with dramatic accessories including a pair of giant angel wings .
Social media account 'Tianfusanjie ' reported that a shopping mall in Chengdu , China 's Sichuan Province carried out a Victoria 's Secret-like fashion show on August 5 .
The event has caused an outcry online where web users condemned the organisers for provoking the sexual image of underage girls .
Young girls can be seen dressed in two-piece lingerie along with decorations such as feathers and gems .
With full-on makeup and their hair done , the models looked confident on the catwalk while the audience took snaps of them .
One girl can be seen wearing a yellow triangle bikini top and a matching bottom in gemstones .
Most of the young girls were given a massive headpiece and a pair of angel wings or a long train .
It 's unclear how old the girls are but the show has sparked controversy on Weibo .
Web users accused the show for sexualising underage girls with the image of Victoria 's Secret 's models .
'Feliciaaaaa ' asked for children to be given their right to be children .
Another web user 'BTS_PJM_ ' worried that there were paedophiles watching the show and warned the parents to protect their children .
Another asked : 'What kind of parent sends their daughters to this ? '
Five months ago , American lingerie brand , Victoria 's Secret , made its first step into the Chinese market opening its first full store in Shanghai .
The lingerie brand sells its products using sexy images of models with svelte figures that attracts millions of fans across the globe .
In China , there have been a lot of similar fashion shows copying Victoria 's Secret 's style with feathery wings and flashy accessories .
However , this lingerie show has upset a lot of parents online .
One parent said : 'If I have a daughter , I would definitely not allowed her to go on shows like this . '
Most web users expressed their anger as they thought the fashion show had misinterpreted the meaning of childhood .
Getting into university is hard enough at the best of times - but when your chosen institution is a work of fiction you 're really up against .
And that 's why this young joker 's UCAS application to Hogwarts University was unsuccessful .
But the admissions services ' response to the prankster is hilarious .
The unnamed A-Level student wrote a handwritten note to UCAS asking for a place studying 'Wandology ' at the Harry Potter school .
In the application , he boasted of his proficiency in `` wearing a pointy hat '' and `` Watching Paul Daniels TV Specials '' .
UCAS replied : `` We regret to inform you that your application to the stated establishment can not be processed at this time due to the fact that it does not exist .
`` After consultation with our mystic advisors we have also determined that even if it did exist , the course 'Wandology ' would be highly in demand and hence require at least two As and a B in any of the following subjects :
Advanced Spellcrafting
Mystimatics
Defence Against the Dark Arts
History of the Occult
Shaft Design
`` Your hand written grade sheet claiming top marks in 'Waving a stick about ' , 'Wearing a pointy hat ' and 'Watching Paul Daniels TV Specials ' sadly is not suitable for submission , however by applying through clearing you may be suitable for a selection of Liberal Arts courses .
`` Alternatively you may wish to resubmit next year by tying your letter to an owl and hoping for the best .
`` On behalf of UCAS I wish you every success . ''
Posing alongside Daniel Craig , they are the women who provide the glamour , action and intrigue in the new James Bond film Spectre .
But if you 're thinking of referring to Monica Bellucci , 51 , Lea Seydoux , 30 , and Naomie Harris , 39 , as Bond girls , then think again .
Honor Blackman – who memorably played Pussy Galore to Sean Connery 's 007 in 1964 's Goldfinger – revealed that she thinks the phrase is derogatory to women and added : 'Stop calling us Bond girls , we are women and actresses ! '
Miss Blackman was 39 when she appeared as Pussy Galore , making her the oldest Bond girl until the casting of Miss Bellucci in Spectre , which will be released on Monday . Current 007 Craig is 47 .
Now 90 , Miss Blackman added that she thinks too much fuss is made over the age of the actresses paired with Bond on screen .
She said : 'I just do n't understand why we are still obsessed with age . Or rather , I do n't understand why MEN are still so obsessed with the age of women . Because that 's really what we 're talking about .
'Grow up guys ! In the days of yore , young men were sent to a mature woman to learn something about love-making , so that they did n't make complete fools of themselves .
There are double standards when it comes to men and women appearing on screen as they get older , she said in a guest column for the Daily Mirror .
She wrote : 'Ageing men constantly appear on television with their `` destroyed '' craggy faces and pot bellies , with their belts closer to their crotch than their waist , getting series after series . While older women are never afforded the same opportunity . '
On Thursday in London Craig posed for a photoshoot with his co-stars ahead of Spectre 's release . Some critics say the movie could break Skyfall 's record as the most successful Bond film to date .
A list of top 12 weird searches revealed by Baidu , the leading search engine in China , boomed recently , showing the wild imagination of Chinese web users .
Have you ever wondered `` if you hold in a fart , where does it go ? '' According to Baidu , it exits out the mouth and nose . When people hold in gas it will absorb into the intestinal wall and then mix with the blood . Then the gas comes out through the mouths—the higher end of the digestive track .
`` Why ca n't I stop picking at acne ? '' raised the second biggest question mark . Baidu says the reason is obsessive-compulsive disorder . People with this mental disorder feel the need to repeatedly touch and squeeze their pimples until their anxiety is relieved by the repeated movements . This may also occur in people who are perfectionists or in those who are obsessed with their looks .
According to the data , people from 20 to 40 years old are curious why their snoring does n't wake them up . According to Baidu , their brains ignore the information so they can have a good rest .
Some wanted to know : `` Will mosquitoes still bite if I put a bowl of blood next to my bed ? '' Baidu says yes , as the bowl of blood will cool down and mosquitoes are attracted to heat .
There were also questions that Baidu was unable to answer , such as : `` Why does my daughter look ugly ? '' According to Baidu 's data , Libras are most likely to search this question . Many users on Baidu Knows comfort those who ask this question by saying `` beauty is not everything '' or `` your daughter might be more beautiful when she blossoms into womanhood . ''
Chefs David Hertz from Brazil and Italian Massimo Bottura , aided by more than 40 colleagues from around the world , aim to turn surplus food from the village in Rio de Janeiro into some 5,000 nutritious meals per day for those in need .
The initiative , RefettoRio Gastromotiva , follows a similar project , Refettorio Ambrosiano , launched by the two chefs during the Milan Expo in Italy last year .
`` RefettoRio Gastromotiva is going to work only with ingredients that are about to be wasted ... like ugly fruit and vegetables , or yoghurt that is going to be wasted in two days if you do n't buy it , '' Hertz told the reporters .
Those benefiting will be disadvantaged people , including the homeless and others in need , he added .
`` We want to fight hunger and provide access to good food , '' Hertz said in a telephone interview from Rio .
Between 30 percent and 40 percent of food produced around the world is never eaten because it is spoiled after harvest and during transportation , or thrown away by shops and consumers .
Yet almost 800 million people worldwide go to bed hungry every night , according to UN figures .
In Brazil , hunger dropped to under 5 percent of the population in 2015 from almost 15 percent in 1990 , UN data shows . Yet in the country of 208 million people , that means millions still do n't have enough food .
Hertz said he would like to see the initiative replicated in every city hosting the Olympics in future . He hopes it will become a movement not only to fight food waste and feed the hungry , but also to provide vocational training for future cooks , bakers and waiters .
`` After the Olympics and the Paralympics , this place will continue as a social business , '' he said .
Customers at the restaurant will help a person in need with every meal they buy , he added .
As many as 500,000 visitors are expected to travel to Brazil for the 31st Summer Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro , the first Olympics in South America .
The final series of ITV 's Downton Abbey has won best drama for the fourth time in five years at the 2016 National Television Awards .
Star Hugh Bonneville thanked the drama 's creator , Julian Fellowes , for `` giving us wonderful lines to say '' .
BBC drama Doctor Foster collected two awards - best new drama and best drama performance for its star Suranne Jones .
The pregnant actress joked she was missing an antenatal class to attend the ceremony .
`` If anyone wants to send me tips on how to give birth that would be useful , '' she said as she collected the award , thanking the drama 's writer , Mike Bartlett , for creating `` a complex '' character .
BBC soap EastEnders was also a double award winner . It beat rivals Coronation Street , Emmerdale and Hollyoaks to receive the prize for best serial drama .
Danny Dyer also received the best serial drama performance prize for a second consecutive year for his role as Mick Carter in the programme .
`` I 'm so honoured to be part of such a sublime and depressing programme that is EastEnders , '' he said while collecting his award .
Anthony McPartlin and Declan Donnelly were named best TV presenter for the 15th consecutive year .
`` It 's getting a bit mental now , '' McPartlin said , `` but we thank you from the bottom of our hearts . ''
Donnelly added : `` People ask us does it get boring or old - of course it does n't . If anything our gratitude has grown over the years as you never know when you 're going to get it again . ''
Ant and Dec show I 'm a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here ! won best entertainment - an award it has won every year since 2011 .
BBC One show The Great British Bake Off was also named best challenge show for a second consecutive year .
Collecting the award , judge Paul Hollywood said the last series was `` the best year we 've ever had - the bakers were the best '' .
Peter Kay 's Car Share beat Benidorm , Birds Of A Feather and Not Going Out to win best comedy .
Kay dedicated the award to Scottish comic Billy Connolly , `` my comedy hero '' .
Connolly was presented with the special recognition award at the ceremony in honour of his 50-year career .
Introduced by his friend and Oscar-winning actor Dustin Hoffman , the star paid tribute to the comic , describing him as `` an artist in the truest sense of the word '' .
He said : `` Audiences return and new generations come to him not because he makes them laugh , but because he has the gift of inviting everyone uncritically , unconditionally , into his world .
`` He exposes truth - no one looks at the world like he does ; he turns the ordinary to the extraordinary and he elevates the mundane to the magnificent in the bravest of fashions . ''
Receiving two standing ovations from the audience , the star joked as he walked on stage : `` I 'd like to thank the Catholic Church for the rhythm method of birth control - without which I would n't be here at all . ''
He joked with Kay for dedicating his best comedy prize to him , but then not giving the physical award away to him - prompting Kay to climb the stage to hand it over .
Other winners included X Factor winner-turned actor Shayne Ward , who was voted best newcomer for his role as Aidan Connor in Coronation Street .
Strictly Come Dancing won best talent show , with This Morning named best live magazine .
The best factual entertainment award went to Gogglebox , quiz show The Chase won best daytime and US sitcom The Big Bang Theory won best international programme .
A new award was also created this year - the impact award for best TV moment . It went to Aidan Turner for his torso-revealing turn as Ross Poldark in the Cornish-set BBC drama series Poldark .
An eight-year-old girl from Australia is well on her way to building a successful business empire after it was revealed that her playful videos , featuring her easy-to-follow confectionery recipes , are bringing in around $ 127,000 a month in ad revenue alone .
The mini-Martha Stewart , who is known simply as Charli , has turned her popular channel , CharlisCraftyKitchen into YouTube 's largest food channel in less than three years - beating household names such as celebrity chef Jamie Oliver to claim the prestigious– and lucrative– title .
Meanwhile , Charli and her five-year-old sister Ashlee , who serves as the channel 's 'chief taste tester ' , are raking in an average of 29 million views per month for their crafty how-to videos .
The tutorials even have their own short opening credits featuring Charli and Ashlee 's cartoon likenesses , with one of the girl 's singing : 'Welcome to Charli 's Crafty Kitchen where you can eat what you make ' .
Many of clips are inspired by the holidays , with a demonstration on how to make a Kit Kat Christmas cake receiving more than two million views since it was posted in December .
Charli started CharlisCraftyKitchen in 2012 when she was only six-years-old according to her channel 's description , which notes that she 'has always been passionate about her craft and being in front of a camera ' .
This academic year students will be motivated by inspirational teachers . But which teacher characters from fiction and popular culture inspire real life teachers ?
According to a Times Education Supplement survey of 1,200 educators , two characters from the Harry Potter series grabbed prominent places in education 's 50 favourite fictional teachers .
Albus Dumbledore , headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry , topped the poll . `` Albus Dumbledore was never proud or vain ; he could find something to value in anyone , however apparently insignificant or wretched . That he was the most inspiring and the best loved of all Hogwarts headmasters can not be in question , '' Elphias Doge said of Dumbledore in his obituary .
In second place was beloved Miss Jennifer Honey from the Roald Dahl classic Matilda . `` She was a mild and quiet person who never raised her voice and was seldom seen to smile , but there is no doubt she possessed that rare gift for being adored by every small child under her care , '' wrote Dahl .
And the students ' adoration of her transforms them into willing learners . On the first day of school , only a few of students could spell `` cat '' . With Miss Honey 's exceptional teaching prowess , by Thursday of the first week , even one of the classes ' weaker students , Prudence , could spell `` difficulty '' without any difficulty .
And in complete contrast , tough-but-fair Professor Minerva McGonagall , head of Gryffindor House and deputy headmistress also at Hogwarts , placed third on the list .
Fourth was John Keating , played by the late Robin Williams in the film Dead Poets Society , who inspired students through poetry . In direct contrast to the school goal of preparing students for college , Keating taught his students that occupations were noble pursuits to sustain life , but passion is the reason to live . He encouraged his students to look at things differently when they thought they knew something . `` Even though it may seem silly , or wrong , you must try , '' he advised .
In the book Keeping Good Teachers , Mark Goldberg offers observations about the key characteristics of great teachers . These fictional teachers who have endeared all exemplified the qualities of `` willingness to put in the necessary time '' , a `` love for the age group they teach '' and an `` in-depth content knowledge '' .
Now , whom do I consider the most inspirational of all fictional teachers ? Without a doubt , Yoda , the Jedi master from Star Wars . Great teachers are unique . They transcend race , nationality and species .
Yoda 's key teachings are lessons for a lifetime : `` A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defence , never for attack '' ; `` Adventure , excitement - a Jedi craves not these things '' ; and `` Unlearn what you have learned '' , because old habits preclude new learning .
However , Yoda 's most memorable quote is one of the last he gives to the young Luke Skywalker . It is especially invaluable to students as they begin this academic year . If they want to succeed , they need to give their best . `` Do . Or do not . There is no try . ''
No one really knows what happens right before you die . Maybe you see your entire life flash before your eyes . Or maybe you just have some pretty profound thoughts . Here are the final words of eight famous people which are as haunting as they are memorable .
1 . `` No , I certainly ca n't . ''
President John F. Kennedy was assassinated on November 22 , 1963 while riding in a motorcade with his wife , Jacqueline Kennedy , and the governor and first lady of Texas . It 's alleged that Nellie Connally , the governor 's wife , looking at the crowds , said `` You certainly can ’ t say that the people of Dallas haven ’ t given you a nice welcome . '' `` No , I certainly ca n't , '' the president reportedly replied , just moments before he was shot .
2 . `` You 're right . It 's time . I love you all . ''
We always knew Michael Landon as the loving father on `` Little House on the Prairie , '' and it seems in real life he was just as much a family man . In his final days , Landon was said to have been surrounded by his nine children and wife , Cindy . Before saying his final words to his family , he asked to be alone with his wife when he passed . He died of cancer in 1991 .
3 . `` My Florida water . ''
The actress and comedienne ( Lucille Ball ) asked for her perfumed water before she died from a ruptured aorta following open-heart surgery in 1989 .
4 . `` I hope I have n't bored you . ''
Those were music legend Elvis Presley 's last words at his final press conference . Presley died of an overdose in August 1977 in his home and some reports suggest his last words were promising his fiancee Ginger Alden that he would n't fall asleep in the bathroom .
After receiving several complaints from loyal customers , the owner of an upscale Italian restaurant in Mooresville , North Carolina , has taken the controversial decision to ban children under the age of five . And , despite facing some backlash on social media , he claims that business has grown significantly .
Caruso ’ s describes itself as a “ traditional , classy , intimate ” restaurant but young children crying , screaming or playing on iPads at full volume and disturbing the other diners apparently didn ’ t fit in too well in that picture . So the owner , Pasquale Caruso , adopted a “ no child under five ” policy in January 2017 , to ensure that his upscale eatery lives up to its reputation .
“ I had several customers complain , get up and leave because children were bothering them , and the parents were doing nothing , ” Caruso told the Mooresville Gazette . “ It started to feel like it wasn ’ t Caruso ’ s anymore , that it was a local pizzeria instead . ”
Caruso added that he didn ’ t like taking this kind of decision , but in the end , he had to do what was best for his business . ‘ I try to please everyone , and create a nice atmosphere , keeping the restaurant elegant . I want it to be a place where couples and friends can have a nice evening out , ” he said . “ I was starting to lose money and customers , because I had very young children coming in , throwing food , running around and screaming . ”
Yoshi Nunez , the restaurant ’ s manager , told the Washington Post that the final straw was a little girl using an iPad with the volume on high . Despite repeated requests from the staff , her parents refused to turn down the device , so they had to ask them to leave . “ They were upset , but they didn ’ t seem to care about what the other guests thought . We tried to be nice about the situation , but we ’ re here to take care of customers and we can ’ t tell a parent how to control their kids , ” he said .
So in January , Caruso ’ s made the decision to ban children under the age of five . Since then , people have been voicing their opinions on the restaurant ’ s unofficial Facebook page , with many labeling the policy as a form of discrimination .
“ How you are legally allowed to discriminate amazes me ! ” one person wrote . “ Next you will be kicking out all the elderly because they take too long to eat . Slippery slope ! ”
“ Now that you have banned small children , who is next : blacks , Jews , native people ? Shame on you ! ” another Facebook user commented .
But for every critical comment , there are several that congratulate Caruso ’ s for taking such a brave , albeit controversial decision . “ Thank you for taking a stand , ” several people wrote on its Facebook page .
“ I ’ m the parent of 5… don ’ t bring little ones to a nice restaurant and expect them to quietly sit still for an hour . They CAN ’ T DO IT , ” one person posted .
“ When my husband and I go out to dine , we also do not want to hear children crying or misbehaving , ” another said , adding that the limit should be upped to 10-year-old children .
Pasquale Caruso claims that the online support for his controversial policy is reflected in the success of his business . The number of reservations has risen significantly since words got out about the restaurant ’ s no-child rule , and the number of patrons has gone from 50 a day , to around 80 .
“ People don ’ t want to come in and spend money on a nice meal and an evening out , when there ’ s constantly food on the floor , loud electronic devices keeping kids entertained , and small children screaming . It was just the right decision for my business , ” Caruso concluded .
According to Eater , Caruso ’ s isn ’ t the first restaurant to adopt a no-child policy . Restaurants in Texas , Pennsylvania , California and countries like Italy , Australia or Korea have also banned young children or implemented measures for their control .
American Crime Story : The People v OJ Simpson
There are few truly unifying events in American life . When something happens that makes the entire country stop and take notice , the Americans remember it forever . Everybody remembers where they were when O.J . Simpson , riding in a white Bronco , led the police on a low-speed chase all over Los Angeles .
There is rarely a dull or wasted moment throughout , the story and pacing remains tight with no parts lacking in comparison to the soaring heights . The show is both evocative and powerful . Some of its parts truly do this story justice and will more than likely stir something within you that compels you to keep watching and to examine this story in much more detail .
Veep
Former senator Selina Meyer has accepted the call to serve as vice president of the United States . The job is nothing like she imagined and everything she was warned about . Veep follows Meyer and her staff as they attempt to make their mark and leave a lasting legacy , without getting tripped up in the day-to-day political games that define Washington .
It 's smart , the dialogue is rich and full . You do n't get the crappy , tepidly funny one-liners you get from most comedy series nowadays , you get incredibly intelligent situational humor that really makes you wonder about politics in the US and around the world .
Mr Robot
Mr Robot follows Elliot , a young programer who works as a cyber-security engineer by day and a vigilante hacker by night . Elliot finds himself at a crossroad when the mysterious leader of an underground hacker group recruits him to destroy the corporation he is paid to protect .
This is a show worthwhile watching . A series about hacking , but not the usual whiz kids . That helps a lot . The first period was already an eye opener and the characters are as real as they can get . The protagonist has personality problems , which makes him the more acceptable . He knows his computer systems and is able to dig up all kind of information on others . And how it does is very believable .
Orphan Black
Orphan Black follows outsider , orphan and street-wise chameleon Sarah . After witnessing a woman 's suicide , Sarah assumes the stranger 's identity - who happens to look just like her . Expecting to solve all her problems by cleaning out the dead woman 's savings , Sarah is instead thrust headlong into a kaleidoscopic mystery as she realizes the dizzying truth - she and the dead woman are clones .
As Sarah searches for answers , she discovers the chilling fact that there are more people like her out there - genetically identical individuals who were planted in unsuspecting birth parents and nurtured in completely different circumstances . With no idea who created the clones , she 'll need to discover the reason in a hurry as an assassin is killing them one by one .
Transparent
An L.A. family with serious boundary issues have their past and future unravel when a dramatic admission causes everyone 's secrets to spill out .
The series perfectly shows how you start questioning your life when you discover something major about your parents that you never could have guessed but may have felt things were n't quite as they seemed .
The Night Manager
Tom Hiddleston and Olivia Colman vs Hugh Laurie and Tom Hollander , in a story by John Le Carre and directed by Oscar winner Susanne Bier . With ingredients that seductive , The Night Manager could hardly fail , and BBC One 's lavish thriller of revenge , deceit and amorality duly entranced the nation .
Sherlock
Imagining himself back in the 1890s , Sherlock is visited by Inspector Lestrade after newlywed Emelia Ricoletti , having apparently killed herself in public , murders her husband Thomas in front of witnesses before vanishing . Some months later Holmes is approached by Lady Carmichael , who tells him that her husband Sir Eustace has been threatened by Emelia , who then seemingly does away with him . With an intrusive Moriarty crossing him , Holmes attempts to solve the enigma , with unexpected help from Watson 's wife Mary and evidence of a conspiracy involving half the population of the country .
An Italian town will pay people hundreds of euros per year if they cycle to work instead of using their cars .
The council in Massarosa , just north of Pisa , says the pilot scheme will see cyclists paid 25 cents per kilometre travelled , up to a monthly cap of 50 euros ( £35 ) , the regional Il Tirreno news website reports . That means commuters who switch to two wheels could pocket up to 600 euros ( £424 ) in a year . It 's said to be the first such scheme in Italy .
Fifty workers will be included in the 12-month pilot , which will use a smartphone app to record the distance travelled each day . The scheme is being funded from fines collected from traffic tickets in the town , which by law has to be reinvested in road safety , the site points out .
`` The Bike to Work scheme will offer incentives to citizens to ensure the area becomes more liveable , '' says local councillor Stefano Natali , adding that it will naturally mean less traffic on the streets , and will have health benefits . The Italian Federation Friends of the Bicycle ( FIAB ) , which helped to develop the idea , says it hopes that other towns will now follow Massarosa 's lead .
A similar scheme was introduced in France in 2014 , with mixed results . While a six-month trial found that paying people to cycle to work did increase the numbers doing so , the majority had been using public transport , rather than private vehicles . Of those making the move from cars to bicycles , most had already been carpooling .
Australian cat owners could have to keep their pets indoors permanently under a '24-hour cat curfew ’ proposed by the government .
The proposal has been made by Australia ’ s first 'threatened species commissioner ' , Gregory Andrews , in a bid to protect native animals facing extinction due to cat attacks , according to the The Sydney Morning Herald .
He said the government will seek public support for “ 24-hour containment requirements for domestic cats , particularly close to identified conservation area of significance ” .
The measure is already in place in some jurisdictions and could be rolled out across the country .
The country is currently facing a cat crisis as it struggles to cope with huge numbers of the animals .
Cats were introduced to the area about 200 years ago by European settlers and bred and spread rapidly across the Australian continent and New Zealand . According to one estimate , the approximately 20 million cats in Australia kill around 75 million native animals a day .
Australiais thought to have one of the worst extinction records in the world , losing about 29 native mammal species since the European arrival . It now lists some 1,800 species as under threat .
The government has also proposed a ‘ cat cull ’ to kill 2 million cats in a bid to preserve other species . The proposal has proved controversial and been condemned by animal rights activists . Speaking last week , the French actress Brigitte Bardot said the country was “ sullied by the blood of millions of innocent animals . ”
A postcard sent to Canada from Buenos Aires arrived with the text – ‘ I west thinking in you , Have a nice day ’ corrected with a red pen and a ‘ mean ’ note .
The postcard featuring an aerial view of the Plaza de la República in Buenos Aires was meant as a thoughtful gesture from a longtime friend .
But as it made its way from Argentina to Toronto , its error-laden English provoked someone to take to the text with a red pen , correcting errors and scrawling a note that read : “ ps Learn English ! ! ”
The act left Mirella Zisko stunned . The postcard had been sent to her by a former colleague , now in his 60s , who had emigrated to Canada from Argentina and learned English as a second language .
Oscar ’ s original message – “ I west thinking in you , Have a nice day ” – had been marked up with red pen , much like how a teacher would tackle a student ’ s essay .
His words had been crossed out to adjust the message to “ I was thinking of you. ” The meddler had also added their own note to the postcard – “ Learn English ! ! ” – directed at Oscar and underlined twice for emphasis .
“ First I was mad and then I just felt upset for him , ” Zisko told the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation . “ He ’ s such a good friend and he ’ s an older gentleman and I just felt hurt for him that someone would go out of their way to be mean. ” She hadn ’ t had the heart to tell him what had happened to the postcard , she added .
The act drew fury from her university-age daughter , said Zisko . “ She ’ s like , ‘ This is wrong , this is racist . It ’ s 2017. Who has the right to do this ? ’ ”
While it remains unclear where exactly in the mailing process the postcard was tampered with , Zisko has filed a complaint over the incident with Canada Post . The corrections were more likely to have happened in Canada , she reasoned , than in Spanish-speaking Argentina .
On Thursday , the postal operator called the incident “ an extremely rare occurrence ” and said it was continuing to monitor the situation .
“ It is truly unfortunate that Ms Zisko ’ s postcard was marked-up and we can certainly understand why she would be upset , ” a spokesperson for Canada Post said . “ With many hands touching the postcard before and after it entered Canada , it is impossible to determine where and when the marking may have occurred . ”
When a thick cloud of air pollution settled in over London last week , experts warned those with health problems to avoid strenuous exercise . The advice to Londoners essentially boiled down to this : breathe less .
Last week , London mayor Sadiq Khan rolled out a new system of air quality alerts at bus stops , Tube stations and roadsides , warning those who experience symptoms from air pollution to reduce strenuous activity . The mayor also announced a doubling of funding for reducing pollution .
But he does not have the legal authority to institute a ban , and has demanded the government take urgent action , including a diesel scrappage scheme .
Cities around the world are confronting problems similar to London 's . Some have been more aggressive than others , but overall , their experience shows that concerted steps to improve air quality do work , and they save lives .
Meanwhile , as Paris suffered a similar pollution episode - its worst in a decade - officials swung into action , waiving charges for public transport and restricting the number of cars allowed on roads , alternately barring those with odd and even license plates .
At the same time Paris mayor Anne Hidalgo joined officials from Madrid , Athens and Mexico City in announcing plans to get all diesel vehicles off the roads by 2025 .
Diesel is highly polluting , emitting far greater amounts of dangerous nitrogen dioxide and tiny pollution particles than petrol , and can cause cancer to heart attacks .
Despite the health damage it wreaks , governments across Europe , including Britain 's , have offered motorists tax incentives that effectively encourage the use of diesel , on the assumption – now being questioned - that it produces less planet-warming carbon dioxide than petrol .
Berlin is a notable exception to the story of the diesel disaster gripping much of western Europe . It has cleaned up its own fleet , installing pollution filters on buses and garbage trucks , and imposed tough rules on heavy goods vehicles . A strict emission zone bars older diesel vehicles , and rates of car use , which are already among the lowest in Germany , have dropped even further in recent years . Public transport is efficient and easy to use , with a two-hour pass costing just €2.70 ( £2.25 ) .
As a result , levels of the tiniest , most dangerous particles , known as ultrafines , fell 70 % in just three years , says Axel Friedrich , former head of transport and noise at the federal environmental agency , and an adviser to government and advocacy groups .
Kraków has the worst air in Poland - one of Europe 's most polluted countries .
After a long legal fight , the city is now moving forward with a ban on burning coal for home heating , to take effect in September 2019 .
New York has also targeted heating systems . After an analysis found that 1 % of buildings burning the dirtiest kinds of fuel oil , were producing more soot than all the city 's traffic , officials made plans to gradually ban their use and to help landlords convert .
The changeover is already credited with saving hundreds of lives each year . It 's just one piece of New York 's air quality strategy , which also aims at slashing greenhouse gas emissions 80 % from 2005 levels by 2050 , says Mark Chambers , director of the mayor 's Office of Sustainability .
Los Angeles , the city where American car culture reached its zenith , has also pushed hard to clean up its air .
`` We 've made incredible progress , we can see the mountains in Los Angeles , when those of us who grew up here never could when we were young , '' says Joe Lyou , president of California 's Coalition for Clean Air .
The dramatic improvement is the result of the most stringent air quality regulation in America . A statewide crackdown on dirty diesel lorries and a push to expand use of zero-emission vehicles are also a big part of the story .
In addition to the decades of regulation that have made American cars 99 % cleaner than they were 40 years ago , cities like New York and LA have benefitted from American motorists ' distaste for diesel , which accounts for only about 2 % of cars in the US .
Beijing has used license plate restrictions to limit the number of cars and set out plans to keep the oldest and most polluting vehicles off roads when air is especially bad . More importantly , the government has harnessed public anger over pollution to plough billions of dollars into wind and solar power , becoming the world 's biggest investor in renewable energy . Officials have even begun cancelling plans for new coal-fired power stations - a move with repercussions for the health of those living in Chinese cities , and for the planet .
Last month , Delhi 's 20 million people suffered through the worst smog episode in 17 years , according to the Centre for Science and Environment . Officials temporarily shuttered a coal-fired power plant , halted all construction and demolition work and shut down many diesel power generators .
In a sign that Delhi has begun to acknowledge the problem , officials also closed 1,800 schools for three days , as particulate levels soared to 28 times the recommended maximums .
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says Australians may soon be able to travel without their passports in a world-leading initiative .
The traditional travel documents would be ditched for 'cloud passports ' as part of the initiative , which was presented during a 'hackathon ' in Canberra , according to the Canberra Times .
'We think it will go global , ' Ms Bishop said of the idea of passport-less travel , which was presented to a number of leaders as part of the Department of Foreign Affairs ' InnovationXchange project .
Ms Bishop acknowledged security standards would have to be met to store personal information in the cloud .
The meeting on Wednesday was also attended by Chris Vein , chief innovation officer for Global Information and Communications Technology Development with the World Bank , Australian Minister for International Development Steve Ciobo , and DFAT Secretary Peter Varghese .
A 'cloud passport ' would work by storing the identity and biometric data of holders online so it could be checked digitally , which would eliminate the need to carry a physical copy .
It would also mean the risk of Australians losing or having their passports stolen would be significantly reduced , according to the newspaper .
DFAT statistics show 38,718 passports were reported lost or stolen in 2014-15 .
Australiaand New Zealand are currently in discussions about trialing the world-first method .
The InnovationXchange project was designed by Ms Bishop as a way to 'support innovation across the Australian aid program ' , according to the department .
The $ 140 million project was launched in May in collaboration with American publisher and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who heralded the initiative by saying it will 'challenge the status quo and use innovation to solve tough problems ' .
Australiaimplemented 'e-passports ' in 2005 , which feature an embedded chip storing travellers digitised photograph , name , gender , date of birth , nationality , passport number , and the passport expiry date .
Heavy metal fans are often considered antisocial and aggressive , while those who prefer slow love songs might be thought of as soppy , and classical music fans are seen as pretentious .
While many would probably deny these stereotypes hold any weight , the links between music and personality are being seriously investigated by teams of psychologists .
One such expert from Cambridge has now created a quiz to put these theories to the test - and you can take it to find out what your music personality is .
To take the quiz , go to musicaluniverse.org and select the Musical Test .
David Greenberg , a psychologist at the University of Cambridge , is one of the researchers working on the 'Musical Universe ' project .
Mr Greenberg has quizzed thousands of people , first giving them a written test to analyse their personalities and then finding out what types of music they prefer .
Mr Greenberg said : 'We 've found that musical preferences are linked to three brain types . '
He said those who have a well-developed ability to understand thoughts and feelings in themselves and others , so-called 'empathisers ' , prefer mellow music that evokes deep emotion .
People who can identify patterns and systems , known as 'systemisers ' , prefer intense music that forms complex sounds .
The theory , he explained , is that empathisers are interested in music 's emotional qualities and how it makes them feel , whereas systemisers are more intrigued by its structural qualities .
Meanwhile , people who like both mellow music and intense music tend to have similar scores in empathising and systemising tests , indicating a 'balanced ' thinking style .
This is not the first time psychologists have looked into the way music taste and personality mix .
The Short Test Of Musical Preferences ( Stomp ) is a test that assesses preferences in music genres , and was first introduced in 2003 by scientists in Austin , Texas .
The researchers performed analysis similar to Mr Greenberg 's and found that people who prefer reflective and complex music like blues , classical and jazz score highly on openness to experience , and see themselves as politically liberal , intelligent and not very athletic .
They found that fans of upbeat music like country , pop and soundtracks , on the other hand , tended to have low scores for openness to experience and intelligence .
They were more likely to be agreeable , extroverted and conscientious and see themselves as attractive , wealthy , athletic and politically conservative .
Finally , people who prefer energetic and rhythmic music were also extroverted , agreeable , attractive and athletic , but they did not share the political inclination , wealth or lower intelligence scores as lovers of upbeat music .
The 11,700-year-old Holocene epoch is over . We 're now living in the Anthropocene epoch .
You don ’ t need to be paying much attention to the world around you to know that humans are having a massive influence on the planet , but our influence is now on the way to being officially recognised in geologic terms .
The 11,700-year-old geological Holocene epoch has ended , scientists say , and we ’ re now living in the Anthropocene : an era defined by humanity ’ s influence on the world around us .
In fact , unless you ’ re over the age of 66 , you ’ ve always been living in it . A 35-strong team of international researchers from the Working Group on the Anthropocene voted 30-3 ( two were absent ) in favour of the epoch shift , and the starting date is 1950 .
The date isn ’ t random : it matches when the first nuclear tests created a new stratum in the planet ’ s surface .
Actually , it won ’ t necessarily be nuclear tests that ended the Holocene . Humanity ’ s impact on the planet is so great that we ’ re left “ spoiled for choice ” in terms of which particular signal to choose .
Plastic pollution , soot from power plants , concrete and even domestic chicken bones were considered possible contenders .
“ The radionuclides are probably the sharpest – they really come on with a bang , ” said the Working Group ’ s chair Jan Zalasiewicz , of the University of Leicester . “ But we are spoiled for choice . There are so many signals . ”
Now that the vote has been done , we ’ ll see a few years of site sampling to figure out the best Global Standard Stratigraphic Age ( GSSA ) to date the start of the Anthropocene , which will then be presented to the International Commission on Stratigraphy .
It will then need ratification from the Executive Committee of the International Union of Geological Sciences .
So it ’ s not official yet , but Zalasiewicz believes the team has a “ pretty good case ” to present .
“ The significance of the Anthropocene is that it sets a different trajectory for the Earth system , of which we of course are part , ” he explained .
“ If our recommendation is accepted , the Anthropocene will have started just a little before I was born . We have lived most of our lives in something called the Anthropocene and are just realising the scale and permanence of the change . ”
In other words , geologically at least , there will be no denying the influence mankind has had on the planet . And it ’ s a hard one to put a positive spin upon , no matter how you frame it .
It was supposed to be a day of drudgery with millions facing lengthy commutes on crowded buses and packed cycle lanes . But the Tube strike has n't been all bad , with some Londoners even benefiting from the chaos with free gifts .
Insurance firm Direct Line has set about 'fixing ' commuters ' travel-related problems by sending them stress-relief packages complete with deodorant , scented sprays and bottled water . Contacting people on Twitter , the company also dished out vouchers for Topshop , The Sunglass Hut and boxed up Pret-A-Manger lunches to brighten people 's days . Among other gifts were bottles of aftersun to soothe sunburnt limbs and boxes of Krispy Kreme doughnuts .
The gesture soon caught the attention of Twitter users with the hashtag # everydayfix gaining momentum . None of the gifts bore charges , to the delight of their many recipients .
Launched a month ago , the programme will seek out those they believe are in need of a fix online for a few days yet . While it is paying for each of the products a spokesman refused to reveal how much had been spent answering people 's woes . 'We know how stressful everyday emergencies can be - those little things you do n't plan . So we 're extending our role as fixers to take care of the little things which can sometimes tip you over the edge . '
Other companies to have offered commuters special offers include breakfast company Belvita which offered workers free rides in Tuk Tuks with complimentary snacks .
Fitness First invited anyone who had run , cycled or walked to work to use their gym showers to freshen up before heading into the office and encouraged others to become fit with free training sessions .
A New Zealand bar manager and two Myanmar colleagues were sentenced to two and a half years in jail in a Yangon court on Tuesday .
Their offense ?
Posting a Facebook image of a Buddha wearing headphones to promote an event last December .
According to the Myanmar Times , the trio were sentenced to two years in jail for insulting religion through written word or pictures and a further six months for breaching local authority regulations .
The sentencing comes as a reminder of how easy it is to get into trouble abroad for what to some are not-so-obvious crimes .
Here 's a sampling of reasons travelers might suddenly , surprisingly , find themselves in jail -- or at least forced to pay a fine -- according to the British Foreign & amp ; Commonwealth Office .
Netherlands : Do n't carry or use drugs .
While the Netherlands has a reputation for being tolerant on the use of so-called `` soft drugs , '' this exists only for designated areas .
Possession of prohibited substances or buying them can carry a prison sentence .
Penalty : Arrest , detention .
Venice : Feeding the pigeons is against the law .
Penalty : Fine .
Japan : It 's illegal to bring some commonly available nasal sprays containing pseudoephedrine into Japan .
Penalty : Fine .
Barcelona : It 's against the law to wear a bikini , swimming trunks or to go bare-chested away from the beach-front area in Barcelona .
Penalty : Fine .
Singapore : Chewing gum on the Mass Rapid Transit ( MRT ) system is strictly prohibited .
Penalty : Fine .
Italy ( Florence ) : It 's an offense to sit on steps and courtyards or to eat and drink in the immediate vicinity of churches and public buildings inFlorence .
Penalty : Large fine .
Saudi Arabia : Photographing government buildings , military installations and palaces is prohibited .
Penalty : Arrest and detention .
Barbados : It 's an offense for anyone , including children , to dress in camouflage clothing .
Penalty : Fine .
Nigeria : It 's illegal to take mineral water into Nigeria .
Penalty : Fine , confiscation .
Fiji : Sunbathing topless is prohibited .
Penalty : Fine .
Maldives : Public observance of religions other than Islam is prohibited for non-Maldivians and visitors .
Penalty : Arrest , detention .
Meanwhile , we 've added a few others :
United Arab Emirates : Alcoholic drinks are served in licensed hotels and clubs , but it 's a punishable offense to drink , or to be under the influence of alcohol , in public .
Tourists wo n't have any problems in licensed venues , though residents need a permit to be able to drink in them .
Sri Lanka : Another country that does n't take kindly to its religion being insulted , whether the slight is intentional or not .
Tourists have been arrested for mistreating Buddhist images and artifacts while taking photos , while one woman was reportedly arrested and deported for having a tattoo of Buddha .
Peru : It 's illegal to purchase any souvenirs made with animal parts .
That includes condor feathers , which are found widely in the tourist markets of Cusco .
Though in most cases officials reportedly turn a blind eye , tourists could face fines for the offense .
Thailand : Got a sudden urge to Instagram photos of the bottoms of your breasts ?
Wait till you get back home .
The government this week caught global attention for saying women who post `` underboob '' photos face five years in jail as their actions could violate the country 's strict computer crime laws .
A London office worker who was sick of the city ’ s rip-off prices worked out that he would spend less commuting to his job from Spain .
Three months ago , he actually did it .
Sam Cookney now lives in the centre of Barcelona and catches a cheap flight to London ’ s Stansted Airport each morning , reaching his desk by 9.30am — and he ’ s saving money .
The social media manager reached the end of his tether in 2013 , when he realised he couldn ’ t afford to rent a place in the city on his own .
“ I think many people thought I was joking when I boldly declared it would be cheaper for me to rent a two-bed flat in Barcelona and commute to London every day than get a one-bed flat here , ” he wrote on his blog . “ Turns out I was — I could in fact get a three-bed flat . ”
The average price of a one-bed flat in north London at the time was $ 3195 a month . On top of that , he had to pay council tax ( about $ 160 a month ) and buy a $ 250 travelcard to get to work in the city centre , bringing his total expenditure to $ 3602 .
With cheap Ryanair flights costing as little as $ 50 return , Sam figured he could live far more cheaply in sunny Spain . He was right .
Now he pays $ 1300 a month , including bills , to live in newly renovated two-bed apartment with a roof terrace in the historic Gothic Quarter . He can catch a $ 9 train from home to Barcelona — El Prat Airport , and a train from Stansted to his office in Farringdon for $ 30 .
Sam ’ s lucky enough to be able to work from home on occasion , but even travelling to the office four days a week would come to just $ 1424 a month . Add that to his rent , and he ’ s spending $ 2724 a month — an impressive $ 878 less than he would be paying to live and work in London .
“ It ’ s a two-bed city-centre flat with roof terrace versus a small room in a shared flat in London , in the suburbs , ” he told news.com.au . “ And it ’ s cheaper . The beach is on my doorstep , there ’ s amazing , cheap food , everything ’ s just so much easier . ”
His 1500-kilometre commute takes five-and-a-half hours door-to-door , but Sam says he ’ s able to have a quick nap on the flight . The 32-year-old said he was “ surprised by just how seamless and easy ” the journey was , and has spotted some familiar faces on his flights , suggesting others have had the same bright idea .
The only downsides are inflated flight prices in summer , and occasionally missing out on parties in London . But Barcelona ’ s impromptu street festivals , coastal life and fantastic restaurants more than make up for that .
Sam is living a vastly improved lifestyle compared to the one he had in London — and at a fraction of the price . It won ’ t be for everyone , but moving a plane journey away from work could be an unexpected solution for those struggling with over-inflated housing costs in expensive cities all over the world .
A small Slovenian town is pressing ahead with plans to build a fountain which spouts beer instead of water , despite opposition from some councillors .
The project in Zalec , which is known for its hop plantations , is being described as the first beer fountain in Europe , and has made headlines in neighbouring Croatia and further afield in Serbia . The fountain does n't yet have a completion date , but future visitors will find a variety of Slovenian beers on offer , and pay six euros for three 30cl helpings served in a commemorative mug , Slovenia 's Dnevnik news website reports .
It 's set to cost the council about 170,000 euros - half of the total bill for construction , the website says . The town 's mayor , Janko Kos , says the remainder will come from private donations . `` It 's true the fountain wo n't be cheap . But it 's a development project , a tourism product , '' he told the website .
But the course of the beer fountain has not run smoothly - some opposition councillors are n't happy about the amount being spent , saying it could be put to better use in the community . They attempted to scupper the plans at an extraordinary council meeting last week , but were ultimately outvoted by two-thirds of their colleagues .
Zalec sits in a valley of hop plantations in central Slovenia , known locally as the `` valley of green gold '' . Even the town 's green and yellow crest pays tribute to its main activity , simply featuring the outline of a hop plant .
We 've had the Rachel , the Lob and Kate 's bouncy curls - but the latest It-girl hairstyle to sweep the red carpet is an altogether more edgy affair .
Leading ladies from Cara Delevingne to Kristen Stewart and Katy Perry are forgoing their tumbling tresses in favor of peroxide blonde pixie cuts , and experts say we should all be flocking to the salon to try it for ourselves .
The latest star to shave off her signature long locks is Katy Perry , who went from glossy brunette to spiky blonde in the aftermath of her split from Orlando Bloom .
And while the edgy look certainly is n't one for the fainthearted , celebrity stylist Jason Collier insists 'anyone ' can pull it off - whatever their age .
Collier , who is personal stylist to Victoria Beckham , notes that you do n't have to go full buzz cut - like Cara and Kristen - if you 're not feeling daring enough .
Stars including Zoë Kravitz and Michelle Williams have instead opted for a sophisticated , icy blonde pixie crop .
'All too often women come into the salon after a dramatic change in their life and want a drastic new style to match – but you 'll need to remember that it 's a huge commitment that will take around 18 months to grow out , so you do n't want to take this decision lightly .
'Pixie cuts are modern , easy and so chic – the antithesis to all of those bouncy bouncy blow-outs we see rocking up on the red carpet every week .
'Prepare for not just a makeover to your look , but to your personality too – short-haired girls are just the coolest . '
But it 's not just the length you need to worry about , warns Collier ; drastically changing your hair color requires care and planning .
'Brunette to blonde can be a tricky transformation , it 's best to discuss with your hairdresser to see what you can achieve and what would work best with your skin tone , ' he says .
'Your colorist can do a strand test to see how well the hair takes bleach . '
But Collier warns : 'To go from raven hair to platinum and back can take a long time , a lot of hard work and a huge amount of maintenance to get the right look .
'It 's a difficult task and you need to have realistic expectations about the level of blonde your hair can actually reach .
'If your hair is deepest brown , you might not be able to reach the dizzying heights of icy white blonde without causing serious damage to your hair – which is why you so often see celebs cut their hair into a pixie cut after going platinum . '
And once you 've got your colour , how you should you maintain it ? 'First of all , I would say you should wash your hair less often if it 's been bleached or coloured , and you should steer clear of any clarifying shampoos as they will strip the colour , ' advises Collier .
'Instead use a gentle cleansing shampoo every other wash , and for the washes in-between , use toning shampoo to reduce brassiness . This is essential whatever shade of blonde you 're going .
'A silver or purple shampoo will minimise any brassy , yellow tones and will keep the colour looking bright , ashy and fresh . '
Once upon a time I was 13 at a summer camp and the prettiest girl I 'd ever seen walked right up to me and said “ black is a good color on you. ” No idea why . We chatted and became friends , exchanged AIM screen names and stayed in touch for a while .
We fell off each others ’ radar some time in high school , but I can promise you that not a day went by that I did n't think about that girl . Even now I 'm not sure I can say why - something about her just stayed with me .
Somewhere between 5 and 10 seconds before I would have committed suicide , my phone rang . I checked the caller ID - I could n't die not knowing . It was a number I did n't recognize , so I picked up and it was her .
I asked her what was up and she said she just felt like she had to call me . At that point it had been a year since we had spoken , and at that moment she just had to call . Long story short , she pried , I spilled the beans and she talked me out of it . I mean she literally said “ What ? Do n't do that. ” And that was that .
She made me promise to call her the next day , and we hung up . That night I started writing the words which , ten years later , I 'd propose with .
`` The comments have been unbelievably kind ; most are congratulatory and uplifting . ''
`` There is power in saying it out loud . There 's a good chance that the moment it comes out of your mouth you 'll realize it is n't what you want at all , '' said Walsh .
Melting of glaciers near the Earth 's poles and the resulting rise in sea level is slowing down the Earth 's rotation , thereby increasing the length of our days , a new study suggests .
Scientists are studying past changes in sea level in order to make accurate future predictions of the consequence of climate change , and they are looking down to Earth 's core to do so .
`` In order to understand the sea-level change that has occurred in the past century , we need to understand the dynamics of the flow in Earth 's core , '' said Mathieu Dumberry , a professor in physics . The connection is through the change in the speed of Earth 's rotation .
Melting water from glaciers not only causes sea-level rise , but also shifts mass from the pole to the equator . The gravity pull from the Moon also contributes to the slow down . As a consequence , the length of our days is slowly increasing . In fact , a century from now , the length of a day will increase by 1.7 milliseconds , researchers said .
Vocabulary
Reshooting TV series has been a common topic in China in recent years . Overshadowed by the glamour of original TV productions , new versions of classic works , more often than not , have had audiences complaining about nonsensical plot points , poor acting skills and ubiquitous embedded marketing .
A case in point is the never-ending reshooting of Lady White Snake , also known as the Legend of the White Snake , which mainly tells the love story between the White-Snake-turned Bai Suzhen , and Xu Xian .
During the past two decades , new versions have constantly emerged . With the help of state-of-the-art technology and good-looking performers , the updated Lady White Snake has indeed offered a visual feast to audiences . But when it comes to love from the public , no version can hold a candle to the original .
The legend was first adapted into a TV series in 1992 and performed by Hong Kong actresses Angie Chiu and Cecilia Yip . The Taiwan-produced TV shows achieved huge success , leading to the constant reruns by domestic TV stations every year until now .
But this time , a group of young post-00s artists seem to receive more praises than doubts and criticism .
`` They are just incredible . When I see the little Xu Xian crying for the loss of Bai Suzhen , my heart broke , '' said Weibo user Xraindays .
`` Those so-called little-fresh-meat actors charging so much for their performances should really examine themselves . Look at these children , they are not second to anyone , '' another Weibo user Quiesrter added .
The children 's version of Lady White Snake was produced by a program called Xiao Xigu , which literally means small artists in English , and features children in the roles of classic characters from Chinese literature and folklore .
Promoting Traditional Culture
According to Pan Liping , general director of Xiao Xigu , all the performers are selected within an age range between 6 and 12 years old .
`` Enhancing children 's interest in traditional Chinese culture and letting young artists set an example for a majority of children are the original intentions of setting up the program , '' said Pan .
Meng Yu , the Chinese actress who starred in The White-haired Girl , said , `` Nowadays , it is a pity to see many children are totally addicted to pop culture and ignore our fine traditions . And children at this stage are accepters not makers . Xiao Xigu , to some extent , shoulders the responsibility of passing on fine traditional culture to children . ''
Creating A New TV Show Model
Since its release , the program has successfully reshot many patriotic TV series including Liu Sanjie , Jiao Yulu , Red Guards on Honghu Lake and The White-haired Girl before triggering widespread concerns and praises on the internet . The film Liu Sanjie has already received more than 100 million hits online so far .
Many people are curious about the classic TV series reshooting process , but there is more to Xiao Xigu than that . According to People 's Daily , the program consists of four parts , including open audition , TV shooting , professional teaching and behind-the-scenes .
The selection process for performers follows the strict rule to provide the exact person for the exact role .
Meanwhile , in contrast with the large budgets in TV , low production cost is a worthwhile aspect to be mentioned . According to Pan Liping , it only costs thousands of yuan to film each episode . But a small budget does n't mean poor quality . In terms of shooting scenes and props , careful research is done and the crew tries their best to restore the familiar scenes in the original version .
The Burden of Popularity
Given the tremendous popularity of Lady White Snake , this group of little artists has led their lives in the spotlight .
Ten-year-old Tao Yixi , the female lead in Lady White Snake , now boasts more than 50,000 followers in Sina Weibo . Each time she releases a message on her personal account , she receives many comments and likes .
Many parents express their concern for these children as they are too involved in entertainment and think early fame may exert some negative influences on their growth .
`` It really surprises me that the average age of these children is 7 . Indeed , they have done a good job in the performance . But I wonder if they can really understand the complex emotions between a snake and a person , '' commenter Chen Qiulin wrote in a passage online .
Just ask any one of the 300,000 Americans who develop kidney stones : What if the excruciating pain of passing one of those little devils could be prevented by strapping yourself into a make-believe runaway mine train , throwing your hands in the air and enduring G-forces as high as 2.5 for about three minutes ? Would you do it ?
Hell yeah , they ’ d do it .
In a bit of medical research inspired by strange and remarkable patient accounts , a Michigan State University urologist reports that , yes , riding a medium-intensity roller coaster such as the Disney theme parks ’ Big Thunder Mountain Railroad can result in the painless passing of small , and even a few large , kidney stones .
For best results , ride in the back , where — roller coaster afficionados all seem to agree — the thrills are greatest . Independent of kidney stone volume and location , findings reported Sunday in the Journal of the American Osteopathic Assn . showed that sitting in the back of the roller coaster resulted in an average passage rate of 63.89 % .
Front-seat rides resulted in a far more modest passage rate of 16.67 % .
In what magical kingdom , you may well ask , does someone think to conduct such research ?
Dr. David D. Wartinger , a professor emeritus at Michigan State University ’ s College of Osteopathic Medicine , initiated the study after a series of patients reported something almost too strange to believe : In the wake of riding Big Thunder at Walt Disney World in Orlando , Fla. , these patients said their kidney stones passed painlessly from the kidney through the narrow duct of the ureter and into the bladder . In one case , a patient told Wartinger that he passed one kidney stone after each of three consecutive rides on the roller coaster .
The researchers received permission from Walt Disney World first , then concealed the kidney model in a backpack and rode Big Thunder 20 times , varying their seat position between front and back .
After analyzing the location of those three kidney stones at the end of each ride , the researchers concluded that “ findings support the anecdotal evidence that a ride on a moderate-intensity roller coaster could benefit some patients with small kidney stones , ” Wartinger said . When the kidney stone was large , the initial position of the kidney stone affected the likelihood of its passing during the ride . But even those passed two in three times while the silicone model rode the thrill ride .
“ Many people in the United States probably live within a few hours ’ drive of an amusement park containing a roller coaster with features capable of dislodging calyceal renal calculi , ” wrote Wartinger and co-author Dr. Marc A. Mitchell of the Doctor ’ s Clinic in Poulsbo , Wash .
Roller coaster therapy might be a good preventive treatment for people who are high risk of developing obstructive kidney stones , wrote Wartinger and Mitchell . They suggested that patients who have had kidney stones in the past , or women who have had kidney stones and are thinking of becoming pregnant , consider a thrill ride or two in a bid to clear tiny stones before the deposits grow larger . Kidney stone sufferers who have had their deposits broken up by lithotripsy might also consider a roller-coaster ride to finish the job , they said .
Here ’ s a situation where takeout is more cost efficient than cooking at home .
Too Good To Go , an app operating in the UK , allows users to order leftover food at a discount from restaurants , according to the website . The goal is to help curb waste from establishments that typically toss out perfectly edible food at the end of the day .
Users simply log in , pick a restaurant , and pay through the app .
Then they pick up their food at designated times―usually around closing or after peak meal times , according to the Telegraph .
“ Food waste just seems like one of the dumbest problems we have in this world , ” co-founder James Crummie told Business Green. “ The restaurant industry is wasting about 600,000 tonnes of food each year , and in the UK alone there are one million people on emergency food parcels from food banks . Why do we have these two massive social issues that are completely connected , yet there is not much going on to address them ? ”
Users also have the option to give meals to people in need by donating 1 British pound or more through the app , according to the website . More than 1,100 meals have been donated so far .
Treat yourself to a nice lunch through TGTG today ! Eat well and reduce food waste . # FeedBelliesNotBins
—Too Good To Go UK ( @ TooGoodToGo_UK ) July 28 , 2016
Founded in Denmark last year , Too Good To Go was launched this year in the UK and is expanding to other countries . The app is available in Brighton , Birmingham , Manchester and Leeds , and will be in London later this month .
Food waste is a major problem worldwide . In the US alone , up to 40 percent of food goes uneaten―meanwhile one in six households didn ’ t have enough money for food last year .
Too Good To Go has already helped cut a significant amount of waste . So far , the app has saved 600 meals from landfills in the UK , reports Business Green .
Orders through the app cost between 2 British pounds ( $ 2.60 ) to 3.80 British pounds ( about $ 5 ) , according to the website .
Users aren ’ t able to the pick the food items , but they get an idea of the type of food that will be available , according to Business Green .
To ensure the entire experience is super eco-friendly , Too Good To Go provides recyclable takeout packaging to participating restaurants .
Restaurants using the app make extra revenue by selling food that would otherwise have been tossed , according to the Telegraph . And Too Good To Go itself makes money by taking a fee from participating restaurants on each sale .
Too Good To Go isn ’ t the first app to try to tackle food waste . In Spain , the Yo No Desperdicio app allows people to coordinate and exchange surplus food items with each other . In the US , the Food Cowboy app allows food distributors to redistribute “ ugly vegetables ” ―or produce rejected by groceries for purely cosmetic reasons―to charities and food banks who need them .
There was a conspicuous addition to the cast during the Season 7 premiere of `` Game of Thrones . '' As Arya Stark made her way on horseback through the Riverlands after murdering the entire Frey clan , she was captivated by the sound of harmonic cheesiness floating on the breeze . She had stumbled upon a musically-inclined group of soldiers , including one played by pop star Ed Sheeran , who was leading a folk song .
It was a little jarring to see the ginger megastar - a Taylor Swift bestie with copious tattoos - wearing armor and a red cape passing around blackberry wine and a charred rodent . But , hey , Harry Styles plays a soldier in Christopher Nolan 's new war movie `` Dunkirk , '' so who are we to judge ? The question is : What was Sheeran doing there ? Because the show does n't usually resort to stunt casting . It does n't need to .
It 's actually a sweet story . Twenty-year-old actress Maisie Williams , who plays Arya , is a huge fan of the `` Shape of You '' hit-maker , so showrunners David Benioff and D.B . Weiss recruited him for an episode as a surprise for her . Growing up in the limelight is no picnic , as Williams and her onscreen sister Sophie Turner can attest , but it does have its perks .
Sheeran had warned fans that it was n't much of a scene . In an April interview , he broke the cardinal rule of `` Game of Thrones '' actor interviews by revealing what would happen during his scene .
`` I do n't die in it , '' he explained . `` I 'm only in it for like five minutes . ''
He also said he 'd rather portray a `` Game of Thrones '' character who has sex than one who dies , but he did n't get to do either . He had only a couple of lines .
After Arya told him she liked his song , he said , `` It 's a new one . '' Then he mostly just sat around while more experienced actors did the talking . It was n't entirely a throwaway scene . The soldiers are important simply because they 're nice to Arya , offering her food and booze , before explaining their role as peacemakers in the Riverlands . The young assassin has n't met many kind-hearted people in her short life . But just after murdering an entire clan in a Red Wedding redux , she meets a group of people who live by the golden rule . How instructive .
Then again , the idea that Ed Sheeran and his merry band will help soften her drive for vengeance is hard to believe . When the men ask Arya where she 's headed , she tells them King 's Landing . She 's planning on murdering the queen , she says matter-of-factly . Naturally , the guys think that 's a laugh riot , so she laughs along , too .
Most likely , that 's the last we 'll see of Sheeran . Arya has some killing to do .
`` If Arya kills Ed Sheeran this will be the best Game of Thrones ever . ''
`` What if one of the # GameofThrones is just Ed Sheeran and his boy band wandering around having adventures . ''
`` Plot twist , Ed Sheeran takes the iron throne # GameOfThones ''
It is 10pm in the Madrid neighbourhood of La Latina , one of the city ’ s oldest areas , and the cobbled streets thrum with the sounds of people enjoying plates of gambas al ajillo and cocido Madrileño . Restaurants are bustling at an hour when , in most other countries , chefs would be hanging up their aprons for the night .
While travellers might attribute Spain ’ s late mealtimes to the country ’ s laidback Mediterranean attitude , the real reason is a little more peculiar . Spaniards are living in the wrong time zone , and have been for more than 70 years .
Glance at a map and you ’ ll realise that Spain – sitting , as it does , along the same longitude as the UK , Portugal and Morocco – should be in Greenwich Mean Time ( GMT ) . But Spain goes by Central European Time ( CET ) , putting it in sync with the Serbian capital Belgrade , more than 2,500km east of Madrid .
So why are Spaniards living behind their geographic time zone ?
In 1940 , General Francisco Franco changed Spain ’ s time zone , moving the clocks one hour forward in solidarity with Nazi Germany .
For Spaniards , who at the time were utterly devastated by the Spanish Civil War , complaining about the change did not even cross their minds . They continued to eat at the same time , but because the clocks had changed , their 1pm lunches became 2pm lunches , and they were suddenly eating their 8pm dinners at 9pm .
After World War II ended , the clocks were never changed back . However , in 2016 , Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy announced that the government was working on a plan to implement a new workday schedule ending at 6pm as opposed to 8pm . One important element of the plan was evaluating the possibility of changing Spain ’ s time zone from CET to GMT – something that has sparked a heated discussion throughout the country .
Being 60 minutes behind the correct time zone means the sun rises later and sets later , bestowing Spain with gloriously long summer evenings and 10pm sunsets . Those who run Spain ’ s tourist resorts believe that more sunlight is a large draw for visitors . The regional government of the Balearic Islands is strongly against returning to GMT and has even campaigned to maintain year-round summer time to allow visitors to take full advantage of the region ’ s mild winter climate .
But for many Spaniards , living in the wrong time zone has resulted in sleep deprivation and decreased productivity . The typical Spanish work day begins at 9am ; after a two-hour lunch break between 2 and 4pm , employees return to work , ending their day around 8pm . The later working hours force Spaniards to save their social lives for the late hours . Prime-time television doesn ’ t start until 10:30pm .
Meanwhile , in the northwestern region of Galicia , the sun doesn ’ t rise until after 9am in winter , meaning that residents are starting their day in the dark .
“ The fact that the time in Spain doesn ’ t correspond to the sun affects health , especially sleep , ” said José Luis Casero , president of the National Commission for the Rationalization of Spanish Schedules , an organisation that has been campaigning for Spain to return to the correct time zone since 2006 . “ If we changed time zones , the sun would rise one hour earlier and we ’ d wake up more naturally , meal times would be one hour earlier and we ’ d get an extra hour ’ s sleep . ”
Spaniards have traditionally coped with their late nights by taking a mid-morning coffee break and a two-hour lunch break , giving them the opportunity to enjoy one of the country ’ s most infamous traditions : the siesta .
Changing the workday would threaten Spaniards ’ customary naptime , although whether or not citizens would mind is still up for debate . A January 2017 study by research company Simple Lógica found that less than 18 % of Spaniards nap regularly , while nearly 60 % never take a siesta . In fact , business owners in many of the country ’ s major cities and holiday resorts remain open during the midday break to cater to tourists .
Meanwhile , those who do nap express frustration when changes in their daily routine prevent them from sleeping mid-day .
“ We should really banish the siesta in Spain because it doesn ’ t fit with reality , ” Casero said . “ And with the change of time zone bringing meal times forward and giving us an extra hour of sleep , there would be less need for a rest at midday . ”
When it comes down to it , economist Nuria Chinchilla , an expert in work-life balance at the Instituto de Estudios Superiores de la Empresa business school in Barcelona , feels that quality of life for Spaniards is more pressing than preserving an extra hour or two of evening light for tourists .
“ We have continuous jetlag , ” she said . “ Tourism will always be there and tourists don ’ t care . The number of hours of sunlight will be the same , whether it is an extra hour in the morning or in the evening . ”
Russia has contemplated returning Edward Snowden to the United States as a “ gift ” to President Trump , less than four years after the former NSA contractor took refuge there , according to a new report .
The report from NBC News cites two US intelligence officials who have analyzed sensitive intelligence on internal Russian deliberations since the inauguration . The officials say the option was one of several designed to win the good graces of the US president .
It would also present new perils for Mr. Snowden , who faces charges that would land him in prison for a minimum of 30 years if convicted . And it seems likely that under the new president , the Justice Department would be unlikely to pursue anything but the stiffest penalties : Trump calls the former contractor a “ traitor ” and a “ spy , ” and in a 2013 interview on Fox & amp ; Friends , even suggested he should be executed .
The report resurfaces debates over how Snowden ’ s actions ought to be characterized , at a time when influential supporters have sought to win over a US public that remains divided about who he is , or what he did . And in a Friday-night Twitter post , Snowden pointed to the news as evidence that the temporary asylum granted him by Russia did not involve a quid pro quo , as US authorities have charged .
`` Finally : irrefutable evidence that I never cooperated with Russian intel , ” he wrote . `` No country trades away spies , as the rest would fear they ’ re next . ''
Last fall , Snowden ’ s legal team and civil-liberties advocates launched a campaign to get him pardoned by former President Barack Obama . Petitioners collected a million signatures in favor , and director Oliver Stone put out a biopic . The campaign ’ s push for a pardon ultimately failed .
In January , Russia approved another extension of Snowden ’ s temporary asylum , though its foreign ministry did not specify how long . His lawyer in Russia , Anatoly Kucherena , told the New York Times that he would become eligible to apply for Russian citizenship next year , after having spent five years in the country .
Snowden 's lawyer in the US , Ben Wizner , told NBC News that he and his team are unaware of any plans to send Snowden back to the United States .
`` Team Snowden has received no such signals and has no new reason for concern , ” said Mr. Wizner .
When it comes to fashion , just about anything goes . Citizens in Chengdu , the capital of south west China 's Sichuan province have been spotted sporting quirky antenna hairpins .
Around 100 different designs are available for the unusual hair accessories , which have been worn by the young and old , reported People 's Daily Online . Many of the hairpins are different varieties of plastic flowers . From afar , it looks like a plant has germinated from the top of a person 's head . Upon closer inspection , it looks more like an antenna .
According to reports , the antenna hairpins have appeared all over Chengdu recently . Initially they were restricted to touristy areas but have since spread to other parts of the city .
Many people are wearing them because they thought the hairpins made them look cute , and it 's not just restricted to women or children . One man has told reporters : 'I saw them and thought they were interesting so I bought one . People look cute when wearing it . '
His views are not shared by everyone however . Another man thought the hair pieces were silly . He said : 'There are middle-aged men wearing the hairpins . They just look ridiculous . '
People have also taken to the web to discuss this bizarre new trend . One said : 'Everyone is wearing it in Kuan Zhai Alley . I saw someone wearing it on the underground today . It feels like they might be able to transmit WI-FI signals . '
But street vendors are glad of the trend . They are sold for 5 yuan by vendors but can be found online for as little as 0.3 yuan . As a vendor can sell over a hundred of the hairpins each day , they stand to make hundreds of yuan .
Thanks to this cool new two-piece bathing suit , cleaning up the world ’ s oceans might actually become the ‘ in ’ thing to do during the hot summer months !
The 3D-printed Sponge Suit bikini is made of flexible , carbon-based filler materials that function like a sponge , absorbing all sorts of pollutants from water . So you put it on , wade into the water , and end up cleaning the seas “ one stroke at a time ” . It ’ s supposed to be absolutely safe for the wearer .
The sponge filler was invented by a group of engineers led by electrical engineering professor Mihri Ozkan . But instead of just dumping it into water , they wanted to find a fun way of getting people involved in the cleaning process and add an eco-friendly element to the leisure activity of swimming . So they enlisted the help of design firm Eray Carbajo to convert the material into a functional , wearable swimsuit that ’ s economically sustainable and environmentally friendly .
“ We believe wearable technology can be the next big thing to undo the overseen or remain-to-be-seen harms of mankind ’ s technological advancements , ” the creators said .
The sponge-like filler can absorb pollutants up to 25 times its own weight , which will not be released until it is heated to over 1000˚C . At such temperatures , the material will return to its original liquid form and once melted down , the pollutants and contaminants can be separated . The sponge material can be recycled to make another swimsuit .
“ This is a super material that is not harmful to the environment and very cost effective to produce , ” Ozkan said .
“ The form of the Sponge Suit is inspired by the super-porous , mesh-like structure of the Sponge material , ” an Eray Carbajo spokesperson added . “ The final form of the 3D print shell was obtained through the various iterations of the same undulating form . The filler amount and the allocation were identified by creating several design alternatives , considering the form and the ergonomics of the human body , while pushing the limits in translucent swimwear design . ”
The innovative Sponge Suit won first prize at the 2015 Reshape Wearable Technology Competition . It is a prototype for now , but the makers are ready for mass production and it should hit retail markets in the near future . They ’ re also planning to apply the same technology to other types of swimsuits and swimming caps .
Having to recycle your bathing suit after a few swims doesn ’ t really sound very practical , but you have to admit that this idea may be the start of something groundbreaking .
There was a time between the 1990s and mid-2000s when dressing head-to-toe in designer clothing emblazoned with logos was a sign of wealth and success . Now , people are using scalpels to slice logos off .
Online , bloggers are posting tutorials on how to remove the thread stitched into shirts and hats without leaving an unsightly outline or picking off the logo on sunglasses without leaving behind a blurry mess . Writing stamped on in vinyl , meanwhile , is wiped away with nail polish remover , according to the Wall Street Journal .
In 2015 , a report by Goldman Sachs revealed that millennials prefer clothing without labels or logos . When a person can transform themselves into a `` brand '' with some well-lit Instagram photos and considered Tweeting , essentially advertising someone else 's product on their chest or handbag can become less appealing .
In a similar vein , cutting off someone else 's identity enables you to create and peddle your own . While allegiances to the quality of a brand 's clothing can stick , what the label symbolises - perhaps teens or older shoppers - does n't always fit the image a person is trying to construct .
And in the age of austerity , logos have long been regarded as a little gauche . Instead , high quality-clothing , with the neat finishes in beautiful fabrics , speaks for itself .
In response to the move away from obvious branding , fashion houses have toned down their logos . Abercrombie & amp ; Fitch have banned the `` A & amp ; F '' on sweatshirts and hoodies once ubiquitous in schools and on college campuses in the US , while bag manufacturers Coach and Michael Kors have changed-up their designs as sales of logo-heaving products ped , Business Insider reported .
Max Ilich , a 47-year-old consultant from Hampton , New Hampshire in the US , is among the fashion-conscious who are de-logoing their clothing .
`` Why would I do someone else 's advertising for free ? '' Mr. Ilich told the Wall Street Journal .
An estimated 957,000 American shoppers ordered Apple Watches on Friday - a sign the tech giant 's newest gadget is already seeing more initial success than its first iPhone or the iPod .
That estimate comes from Slice Intelligence , which measures digital commerce by tracking consumer e-receipts .
Those ordering an Apple Watch Sport , the cheapest version , spent $ 382.83 per watch and those ordering the Apple Watch spent $ 707.04 .
'As expected , most consumers–62 percent– purchased the less-expensive Sport model , ' said Jaimee Minney of Slice .
However , many Apple Watch buyers invested in the pricier case but the cheapest band , with more than one third adding a black or white Sport band .
The data also showed that most consumers opted for the larger 42 mm case , with Its data from online shoppers showed an average of 1.3 watches bought per customer , with $ 503.83 spent per item .
Sport buyers were slightly more likely to choose the 38 mm case , with 32 percent purchasing the smaller version , versus 24 percent of Apple Watch buyers .
The most popular type of case was the Space Gray aluminum case , with 40 percent of Apple Watch buyers choosing the option , followed by : stainless steel at 34 percent , silver aluminum at 23 percent and finally Space Black stainless steel at three percent .
The Black Sport Band was by far the most popular among both Apple Watch and Apple Watch Sport buyers , with 49 percent overall pre-ordering one , followed by the White Sport Band at 16 percent and the more expensive Milanese Loop ( $ 149 versus $ 49 for the black Sport band ) rounding out the top three at around 10 percent .
The watch , which allow users to check email , listen to music and make phone calls when paired with an iPhone , goes on sale officially on April 24 .
The watch is Chief Executive Tim Cook 's first new major product launch and the company 's first foray into the personal luxury-goods market .
Despite mixed reviews , which generally praised the watch 's styling but criticized its less-than-spectacular battery life and slow-loading apps , people flocked to Apple stores to get a close-up look .
A new social media trend is seeing kids ripping the stuffing out of their giant teddy bears and climbing inside of them .
Over the past week , videos of people dancing around inside the 'skin ' of their un-stuffed teddy bears have begun flooding Twitter .
Generally showing the people-stuffed bears dancing to hip-hop , the clips have proved a huge hit on the social media website , being shared by thousands .
Among the videos are bears of many sizes and colors , often surrounded by the white cotton stuffing that has just been removed from their insides .
Some of those participating in the trend seem to have found it to be the perfect way to heal after a tough break-up .
'What do you do with the giant stuffed bear your ex gave you ? Cut it open and climb inside ! ' explained one Twitter user along with a video of a huge plush panda bear seeming to groove along to Hit the Quan by iLoveMemphis .
More than one did their best to imitate popular modern dance moves including the Whip/Nae Nae and even twerking .
Some of the dancers are seen crouching down to fit into their bears ' empty shells , while other opt to maximize their movement by cutting holes in the feet to stretch their longer limbs through .
The technique certainly seemed to help one dancer show off her twerking skills to Nicki Minaj 's Anaconda inside a strategically cut bear skin .
Some of the dancers are considerably better than others , such as a young football player who proved he has moves worthy of a hip hop music video as he stepped along to YG 's Twist My Fingaz .
Others enlisted the help of younger brothers and sisters to slip their smaller frames into the plush toys and bust a move to the music .
'I put my little sister in my bear and I ca n't stop laughing ! ' wrote one amused older sibling on Twitter along with a clip of the little girl dancing to CA $ H OUT 's She Twerkin ' .
Some of the videos have racked up as much as 1,400 retweets as well as thousands of likes - seeing the trend take off online .
President Barack Obama has said he believes Donald Trump will not become president and warned the American public to consider that his successor would have access to the nuclear codes .
Mr Obama launched a scathing attack on the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination in which he identified Mr Trump by name .
He said : `` I continue to believe Mr Trump will not be president . And the reason is I have a lot of faith in the American people . I think they recognise being president is a serious job . It 's not hosting a talk show or a reality show , it 's not promotion , it 's not marketing , it 's hard and a lot of people count on us getting it right .
`` It 's not a matter of pandering and getting in the news every day . It requires being able to work with leaders around the world in a way that reflects the importance of the office , and gives people confidence that you know the facts , and you know their names , and you know where they are on a map , and you know something about their history . ''
Mr Obama added : `` The guy who 's standing where I stand has the nuclear codes with him . He can order 21-year-olds into fire .
`` This is reported as entertainment but as you get closer ( to the election ) the reality has a way of intruding . The American people are pretty sensible and I think they 'll make a sensible choice . ''
Mr Obama was speaking at a press conference in California after hosting a summit with Southeast Asian leaders .
He said : `` This is not just Mr. Trump . Everyone 's focusing on Trump because he says it in a more interesting way . He may up the ante in anti-Muslim sentiment , but if you look at what the other Republican candidates have said , that 's pretty troubling , too . They 're all denying climate change and that 's troubling to the scientific community . ''
Mr Trump responded : `` This man has done such a bad job and set us back so far . The borders are like Swiss cheese . For him to say that is actually a compliment .
`` He 's lucky I did n't run last time , when ( Mitt ) Romney ran , because he would have been a one-term president . ''
The president refused to make a choice between the two Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders .
Beautifulpeople.com , an elite dating website for the exclusively good looking , has reportedly had the private data of more than 1 million users leaked .
The breach leaked information such as addresses , sexual preferences and incomes , as well as millions of private messages , sold online by the hackers .
Beautifulpeople.com claims to exclude unattractive people by having existing members rate those trying to sign up . Prospective members must pass a certain ratings threshold to be allowed on the website : millions have been denied access , the company says , while thousands of members have been removed for gaining weight after joining .
The site claims to be “ the largest dating community of attractive people in the world ” and to have spawned 700 marriages .
It says several members have been “ discovered ” on the website and gone on to jobs in TV or modelling . In 2011 , it claimed that a `` Shrek '' virus had allowed thousands of unworthy people to join the website , although this was dismissed as a publicity stunt .
Beautifulpeople.com was originally hacked in December , when the breach appeared to be confined to a database of test accounts . However , the data of real users is now being traded online , security expert Troy Hunt told Forbes .
Dozens of different details are reportedly included in the leak , among them education , phone numbers and location data .
More damaging , however , can simply be the existence of a profile on a dating website , especially for those who may not want their existence made public . Mr Hunt said that the email addresses in the leak included 170 ending in “ .gov ” , meaning US government employees used their work email addresses to sign up .
Ashley Madison , a dating website exclusively for married people looking for affairs , was hacked last year , embarrassing thousands .
Beautifulpeople.com reiterated a statement from December about the hack being limited to a test server but has not commented on claims the leak was wider than that .
With the opening ceremony set to take place in just a few days ' time , work at one of Rio de Janeiro 's key venues is still incomplete , Daily Mail Online can reveal .
The Lagoa Stadium , which is hosting the rowing and canoeing competitions , remains partially shrouded in scaffolding while bags of garbage , orange cones and piles of dry leaves litter one of the entrances .
Closer to the main stands , workers could be seen hanging branding along one of the fences – with the overseer telling reporter that she can not guarantee the job will be done in time for the opening ceremony on Friday night .
An overseer , who is part of the management in charge of 'the look of the Games ' , said problems with suppliers has made finishing off the stadium take longer than expected .
She said , however , that her team is working long hours and hope to finish by the end of the week .
The official , who declined to be named , said : 'It [ the stadium ] is not finished yet but the rowing will start on Saturday and we hope it will be finished by then .
She added : 'We hope and pray it will be ready by Friday but I ca n't say for sure . We are working very long hours to try and get it finished . We are here all the time . '
Although the exterior of the Lagoa Stadium , which sits on the banks of Lagoa Rodrigo de Freitas and approximately 1.7 miles from the tourist hotspot of Copacabana , appears messy , the interior is thought to be complete .
'The inside is done , ' a worker who preferred not to give his name told Daily Mail Online . 'It looks fine in there . It is nice . '
Rowing teams have already begun arriving in Rio ahead of Friday night 's opening ceremony but Team GB rowing coach Rob Dauncey said he was confident that the stadium will be ready in time .
'We 're pretty happy with how it looks – most of it seems to be ready , ' he said . 'I know they 've had some problems with water quality but down by the jetty , you can see clear down to the bottom .
'We have told the team not to get water in their mouths but we would do that with any lake . It should be fine . '
Although Lagoa Rodrigo de Freitas has not been afflicted with the same concerns over water quality as other parts of the Olympic set-up , the lagoon appeared less than pristine on Monday with bits of garbage - including a plastic bag - seen floating in the depths .
Other bits of infrastructure , including the jetties and filming stands , appeared complete .
Security has also been ramped up around the perimeter of the lake and , when Daily Mail Online visited , it was being patrolled by a boat-load of armed soldiers while security personnel stood guard at each entrance .
While Daily Mail Online was unable to access the stands , it was possible to get within meters of the jetties via an unguarded park to the rear of the stadium .
Concerns over security , incomplete accommodation and filthy water in Ganabara Bay have blighted the run up to Rio 2016 .
Last week , Australia 's contingent of medal hopefuls were left furious after arriving in Rio only to discover that their building in the athletes ' village was still unfinished . Team members reported holes in the ceiling , exposed wiring and incomplete fittings - and were forced to find alternative places to stay .
Meanwhile , the quality of the water in Ganabara Bay , which will host the triathlon , sailing and some swimming events , has raised eyebrows after mounds of floating garbage and a corpse were spotted over the weekend .
Viral levels in the bay are said to be 1.7million times over the limit of what would be considered worrying in Europe or the United States , while experts warned of sewage spills .
So dirty is the water , the 1,400 swimmers and sailors set to take to the water over the next three weeks have been warned not to open their mouths while competing for fear of becoming violently ill .
Concerns have also been raised over the viral load found in the water off Copacabana Beach , which will host the marathon swimming , and also in the sand itself .
Adenovirus , which poses a particular risk to infants and young children , has also been found in the sand of popular tourist destination Ipanema Beach .
It feels like women are constantly being told what to wear in order to make them look better , slimmer and more attractive because , believe it or not , in 2017 women are still being judged primarily by their looks . Yawn .
But now it has been claimed that wearing a short skirt , tight-fitting dress or low-cut top could mean you get taken more seriously .
Dr Alfredo Gaitan from the University of Bedfordshire gathered 64 students with an average age of 21 and showed them two sets of images of the same woman .
In the first , she wore a low-cut top , a mini skirt and a jacket , whereas in the other picture , she wore a longer skirt and a top that covered more of her skin .
The participants were then asked to rank her in terms of faithfulness , job status , morality , personality , willingness to have sex , and intelligence .
Contrary to previous studies which claim revealing clothing makes women appear less intelligent , the results found that it was the ‘ sexualised ’ clothing which resulted in higher intelligence and faithfulness ratings .
There was no significant change in the other factors based on what the woman was wearing .
“ Have attitudes changed so much that people are not making negative judgments based on a woman 's dress ? ” Gaitan said .
“ We think there are still negative attitudes out there , but perhaps people are seeing the sexy look more positively . ”
So , it might just be time to whip out that mini skirt but we suggest doing so of your own accord . Want to dress sexily ? Do it . And if you do n't , do n't .
Many have lamented the lost art of reading in our social-media-driven , content-hungry world , but few have actually tried to do anything about it .
But whether or not you think people are n't reading long-form material as much as they used to , you can probably still get excited about free reading material . In Grenoble , France , a city known as the capital of the French Alps , a publishing start-up called Short Édition has installed eight free story-dispensing vending machines in some of its most popular public spaces .
The strange , screen-less contraptions are the brainchild of Christophe Sibieude ( the co-founder and head of Short Édition ) and Grenoble 's mayor , Éric Piolle . The pair hope that commuters and bystanders will make use of these stories to expand and enrich their minds while waiting around , rather than tapping their way aimlessly through Facebook or Twitter . Stories are dispensed according to how much time you 've got to spend reading ( one- , three- , and five-minute options are available ) , and the stories are printed out on long receipt-like paper .
`` The idea came to us in front of a vending machine containing chocolate bars and drinks , '' Sibieude told AFP . `` We said to ourselves that we could do the same thing with good quality popular literature to occupy these little unproductive moments . ''
Back to the Future II , released in 1989 , made a series of outlandish predictions about 2015 , the year its key characters travel to from 1985 .
Although several of the film 's predictions , like video calls and wearable technology , came true , Back to the Future II showed the pitfalls of making long-term forecasts . The world of 2015 was one of hoverboards , flying cars and power clothing , and instead we got Snapchat , selfies and man buns .
With that in mind , we asked six experts what the world of 2045 will look like :
You 'll be able to purchase high-quality emotions online .
Emotion-sharing experiences are the latest fad in 2045 . Imagine your friend at Glastonbury can post a photo on Instagram and with it comes bundled a faint twinkling of what she was feeling right there in that moment , so you too can share emotionally in her social experience .
Our cities will be made from living , dynamic materials that respond to the environment .
The urban environment of 2045 blends architecture with living materials that are mouldable , adaptable , responsive and disposable . Entirely new synthetic life forms , or biological machines , made of engineered living cells from bacteria , fungi and algae will grow and evolve with the changing needs of a building ’ s inhabitants . They breathe in pollutants , clean wastewater , and use sunlight to make useful chemicals , energy , heat and vibrant vertical gardens .
Humans will upgrade themselves continuously .
Those who can afford it will have better eyesight and hearing , and just the right cocktail of food/medication to be the very best that they can be for the day ahead , based on micro performance analysis of the day just gone .
Your phone , car or home can read your feelings and adapt accordingly
Machines will be able to sense and then adapt themselves to the emotional state of an individual user . At the moment machines can work out where someone is , who someone is and perhaps what they are doing or `` like '' but that ’ s about it . The next stage will be for machines to intuit human feelings . This can be done by ‘ harvesting ’ facial expressions , body language , heart rate , voice and so on . If you are typing text into a computer the computer might consider the speed you are typing , decide you are stressed and conclude that this isn ’ t the best time to allow you to read negative emails .
If you are driving a car , the car might consider how you are driving and infer certain conclusions . If the car decides you are angry and in danger of driving unsafely it might adapt itself to make things safer . On the other hand a shop might use this technology to work out when customers are more likely to buy things , including things they probably don ’ t really want .
Robotic insect swarms will help farmers and the military
By 2045 we should see insect-sized robotic insects capable of flying in co-ordinated swarms . They might be used for crop pollination purposes or as battlefield or crowd control cameras . These flying robots could be fitted with air sniffing or sampling technology to test air quality , search for pollution or give early warning about biological or gas attacks . They could also be programmed to interact with real insects .
3D printed pizza
An invention that featured in Back to the Future II was the Black & amp ; Decker Hydrator . This was a kitchen device that could turn raisins back into grapes and stale pizza into a freshly delivered snack . By 2045 many kitchens will feature a 3D Printer that can turn out a fairly respectable printed pizza , biscuits , pretzels and so on .
Muhammad Ali is remembered for his influence inside and outside of the boxing ring and for standing up for his principles in the face of fierce backlash .
Known for his quick jab and a lightning-fast wit , Ali seemed to be able to adapt his skills to any situation , be it to get himself into trouble or right back out again .
The boxing legend died on Friday night at 74 , after a long battle with Parkinson 's disease .
You 'll hear a lot of crazy stories about him over the next few days . He performed magic tricks like a champion . He had Irish roots and family ties to Katie Couric . He released a spoken word album titled , `` I am the greatest . '' But here are some of our favorites :
1 . The NSA wiretapped Ali 's phone
Declassified documents revealed in 2013 that the National Security Agency tapped overseas communications of Vietnam War critics , including Martin Luther King Jr. and Ali , The Washington Post reported at the time .
A brief of those government documents suggests that Ali was surveilled during his efforts to avoid the draft . During 1966 and 1967 , the heavyweight boxer appealed his draft status , saying , `` I can fight in wars declared only by Allah himself . '' He was sentenced to five years in prison , though the Supreme Court ruled in 1971 that he was entitled to conscientious objector status .
2 . He starred in a Broadway musical
In 1969 , during his suspension from boxing over his refusal to go to Vietnam , Ali was reportedly drowning in debt and still appealing his conviction . He made pocket change by touring colleges to discuss the war , and , as Playbill points out , he starred in the Broadway musical , `` Buck White . ''
Ali sang nearly every song in the musical , playing a militant black lecturer addressing a meeting organized by a black political group . But he would never return to the stage after his conviction was overturned .
3 . He started training in boxing to beat up the kid who stole his bike
Cassius Clay ( Ali ) was just 12 years old in 1954 when he got ready to `` whup '' the boy who stole his bicycle in his hometown of Louisville , Ky .
But a local cop warned him that he 'd need to learn to box first .
At just 89 pounds , Clay had his first fight — and his first win — just weeks later , according to Bleacher Report . By 1964 , he was the heavyweight champion of the world , after upsetting Sonny Liston .
No word on whether he got his bike back .
4 . Rumor has it that his Olympic gold medal is sitting at the bottom of a river
In 1960 , the 18-year-old fighter traveled to Rome and won the light heavyweight gold medal in the Summer Olympics .
The story goes that Clay ( Ali ) hurled his gold medal into the Ohio River . But Clay gave different accounts of that act , and according to Thomas Hauser , author of the oral history `` Muhammad Ali : His Life and Times , '' Clay had simply lost the medal .
Luckily , he got a replacement medal — and ongoing support from his community — in 1996 .
5 . He secured the release of 15 US prisoners in Iraq
In November 1990 , Ali met with Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein in Baghdad on a `` goodwill tour '' in an attempt to negotiate the release of 15 Americans held hostage in Iraq and Kuwait .
Ali was instantly criticized , taking flak from the likes of then-President George H.W . Bush and The New York Times , both of whom expressed concerns that he was fueling a propaganda machine .
Despite running out of medication for his crippling disease and waiting more than a week to talk to Hussein , Ali was able to bring all 15 of a group of captive American soldiers home .
Tourists are once again getting into trouble in Italy , with two American women caught carving their names into Rome 's Colosseum .
The Californians , aged 21 and 25 , snuck away from their tour group on Saturday and began scratching their initials into the amphitheatre with a coin . They managed a “ J ” and an “ N ” around 8cm high , before taking a selfie with their handiwork .
Police were quick to catch the two Americans and report them for damaging the ancient site . The women may now go in front of a judge and face a penalty .
Defacing the walls is strictly forbidden , as pointed out on signs in both English and Italian . But some visitors think little of breaking the rules as they view the crumbling monument differently from other top sites such as the Vatican , said a spokesman for the Special Superintendency for the Archaeological Heritage of Rome .
“ There 's a difference in perception . Museums are treated like churches , sacred places where there are things of great value . Whereas the Colosseum is an incomplete building which has already been robbed , ” the spokesman said .
The Colosseum fell into disrepair after its heyday of hosting 73,000 spectators , watching gladiator fights to the death , and was at one point quarried for its stone . While the amphitheatre was completed in AD80 , the section defaced on Saturday dates to the 1800s when the pope initiated restoration work .
“ It ’ s not an original wall but it ’ s nevertheless antique , ” the spokesman said .
But the two unruly tourists are an incredibly small minority of around six million people who visit the Colosseum and Roman Forum each year . The sheer number of visitors to the Colosseum , coupled with staffing cuts , makes it increasingly challenging to catch tourists behaving badly . Security was upped at the Colosseum and other sites last month , following threats against Rome by Islamic State , but the focus is on stopping terrorists not rule-breaking tourists .
“ The security is not inadequate from the point of view of terrorism , but the shortage of personnel and the great mass of tourists is a problem , also for other sites , ” the Superintendency said .
The Californians ’ lawbreaking comes little over three months after a Russian tourist was caught carving a 25cm letter into the Colosseum . The 42-year-old was given a four-month suspended prison sentence and a €20,000 fine , although owing to a lack of funds he has not paid the penalty .
The Russian was the fifth person to be stopped for defacing the ancient monument last year , with others hailing from Australia , Brazil and Canada .
India 's capital , laboring under the label of being the world 's most polluted city , is trying something new to help clean up its air .
A smartphone application that allows residents to report the presence of construction dust or the burning of leaves and garbage in New Delhi 's public parks to authorities was launched Friday .
The `` Hawa Badlo , '' or `` Change the Air , '' app has two versions . One allows people to take pictures of likely pollutants . The other allows authorities to investigate and act on valid complaints .
Over the last few years , New Delhi has struggled with ways to handle the pollution , which becomes especially obvious during the colder winter months as the city 's air turns to a gray haze .
The newest measure , the phone app , was launched by the Environmental Pollution ( Prevention and Control ) Authority , a monitoring group set up on the order of India 's Supreme Court in April .
Over the last two years , the government has tried a slew of measures to control the air pollution , including stricter emission norms for cars and a tax on diesel-fueled trucks that enter the city .
New Delhi also has attempted to limit the number of cars during the winter months , when the air quality is at its worst . Twice the city had a two-week period in which cars were allowed on the roads only on even or odd days , depending on the vehicle 's license plate number .
A restaurant run by prisoners at a tough jail has been voted one of Britain 's top 10 fine dining venues .
The Clink Restaurant , staffed by inmates from Cardiff and Prescoed prisons , beat establishments run by celebrity chefs including Gordon Ramsay and Jamie Oliver to take 10th place .
Included in the top 10 was michelin-starred Le Manoir aux Quat ’ Saisons in Great Milton , Oxfordshire , which came third .
Reviews on website TripAdvisor were used to decide who should win the 2015 Travellers ' Choice Restaurants awards .
Customers said the `` friendly and informative staff '' put other waiters to shame .
The 96-seat restaurant , serving breakfast and lunch , opened to the public in 2012 . Thirty inmates are each paid £14 for a 40-hour week .
The Clink has been credited with helping to slash reoffending rates . Latest figures show it has reduced the rate of the released prisoners who worked there to 12.5 per cent .
TripAdvisor spokesman James Kay said : `` Given how competitive the UK restaurant industry is , the fact that The Clink Restaurant is the only winning Welsh restaurant demonstrates the incredibly high standard of food and service that the team consistently delivers to customers . ''
It was also named top spot in Cardiff out of 946 restaurants in the city .
Opened in 2012 , The Clink Cardiff is now one of four restaurants run by prisoners across the UK through The Clink Charity .
The charity also has restaurants at HMPs Brixton , High Down and Styal and aims to reduce reoffending through projects that train and give practical skills to prisoners to aid their rehabilitation .
Chris Moore , chief executive of The Clink Charity , said : `` The whole team is delighted to have made it into the top 10 restaurants in the UK by TripAdvisor users , and to be ranked so highly against almost 1,000 restaurants in the city of Cardiff is a huge achievement for us . ''
On the menu
Loin of venison with venison tortellini , textures of artichoke and confit potato - £14.95
Pan-fried fillet of cod with leek and potato rosti , sauté savoy cabbage and vanilla butter sauce - £13.75
Maple syrup baked fig with almond sponge and cinnamon ice cream - £5.95
A superstitious elderly passenger delayed a flight in Shanghai after throwing coins at the engine for good luck , a Chinese airline has confirmed .
The 80-year-old woman threw her change at the China Southern Airlines flight as she crossed the tarmac to board .
Police were called to Shanghai Pudong International Airport after a passenger noticed the woman 's bizarre behavior , apparently aimed at ensuring a safe flight .
She told police she launched the coins as she `` prayed for safety '' .
`` In order to make sure the flight is safe , China Southern maintenance has conducted a full examination of the plane 's engine . ''
China Southern Airlines later urged passengers to comply with civil aviation laws and regulations and avoid behavior that could prove detrimental to the safety of passengers travelling on its flights .
`` Of the nine coins launched , only one hit its intended target - but this was enough to force the evacuation of 150 passengers for several hours . ''
`` The plane did eventually take off , but it was delayed by more than five hours thanks to the woman 's coin toss . ''
`` The elderly woman was detained by police at Shanghai Pudong International Airport following the bizarre incident… ''
`` After an investigation the involved passenger , surnamed Qiu , said she threw the coins to pray for safety . According to Qiu 's neighbor , Qiu believes in Buddhism , '' the police said .
Qiu is said to have no criminal record or to be suffering from a mental illness .
“ The engine could tremble , lose speed and even stop in the air if a coin was sucked into the core part of the engine . ”
A civil aviation expert said the engine would quite likely have been destroyed if the coin entered the engine in the air .
From mutated insects and broken-down rescue robots , to cobweb-infested schools that haven ’ t been touched in years , the Fukushima evacuation zone - the site of one of the worst disasters of the 21st century - is showing no signs of regaining even a semblance of habitability ... for humans , at least .
Wild boars are reportedly thriving in the evacuated areas around the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant , which experienced multiple meltdowns following an earthquake-triggered tsunami back in 2011 . And now they ’ re tearing through nearby farmlands , causing more than US $ 900,000 ( ¥98 million ) in crop damage for local farmers .
How did things get so bad ? Well , under normal circumstances , this boar population would be kept under control by local hunters , with The Japan Times calling pork - including wild boar meat - `` the nation ’ s most popular meat '' .
But the problem is these wild boars have been contaminated with caesium-137 - a radioactive substance with a half-life of 30 years - from eating plants and small animals around the exclusion zone , and now the hunters won ’ t go near them .
`` Wild boar , along with raccoon , have been taking advantage of the evacuation zone , entering vacant houses in areas damaged by the [ disaster ] , and using them as breeding places or burrows , '' assistant ecology professor Okuda Keitokunin at the Fukushima University Environmental Radioactivity Institute told the local press .
Now reproducing with abandon in the exclusion zones , the wild boar population has increased 300 percent since the disaster , from around 3,000 to 13,000 , and they ’ re spilling out into the nearby farms to tear up and trample the crops .
And local authorities are running out of ideas for how to contain the rampaging force of radioactive boars , as Travis Andrews at The Washington Post reports :
`` These animals are unfit for human consumption , which presents another problem : hunters can attempt to reduce the population , but they have to do something with the carcasses . According to Texas A & amp ; M wildlife and fisheries professor Billy Higginbotham , the average size of a male hog is around 200 pounds ( 90 kg ) .
Considering this average , if 13,000 are killed , hunters have around 2,600,000 pounds ( 1,179,340 kg ) of potentially dangerous flesh requiring disposal . ''
The hunters have been dumping the radioactive boar carcasses in three designated mass graves in the nearby city of Nihonmatsu , but they ’ re only big enough to hold about 600 of these sizeable creatures , and they ’ re filling up fast .
`` Sooner or later , we ’ re going to have to ask local people to give us their land to use , '' Tsuneo Saito , a local boar hunter , told The Sunday Times . `` The city doesn ’ t own land which isn ’ t occupied by houses . ''
The most logical solution once these mass graves are filled to the brim is incinerating the rest of the radioactive carcasses , but you can ’ t just burn contaminated flesh - you need a special facility that ’ s capable of filtering out the radioactive materials so they ’ re not redistributed across the land via smoke particles .
Andrews reports that a facility like this exists in the nearby city of Soma , but `` it can only handle three boars a day ( or 21 a week , which is only 1,092 each year ; not quite 13,000 ) , '' he says .
So far , this is as close to a solution as the local farmers , hunters , and authorities have been able to get .
While nuclear meltdowns are tragic events for us humans , leading to a loss of life , homes , and livelihoods for so many people , many species of wildlife have shown incredible resilience in places humans fear to tread .
As we reported back in October , populations of elks , deer , wolves , bears , lynx , and boars are thriving in the Chernobyl exclusion zone decades after the devastating meltdown , simply due to a lack of human interference . Sarah Kaplan reported for The Washington Post that some of these populations have more than doubled in recent years .
`` That wildlife started increasing when humans abandoned the area in 1986 is not earth-shattering news , '' radio-ecology expert Tom Hinton from Fukushima University told her . `` What ’ s surprising here was the life was able to increase even in an area that is among the most radioactively contaminated in the world . ''
Meanwhile , radioactive boars are n't the only thing local authorities in Fukushima are having to deal with . There 's a whole lot of contaminated water still leaking out of the power plant , and no one 's quite sure how to get rid of the radioactive tritium they 're extracting from it .
One thing 's for sure - humanity has never seen a disaster quite like this , and we 've still got many years to go before this nightmare is over for the people trying to live in the area . All we can do is hope that science can come through with some answers .
Cotton is the only fabric that keeps me cool
A white cotton top and shorts is obviously the best thing to wear , right ? Sort of .
Natural fabrics like linen and cotton absorb sweat and allow it to breathe . They 're much better than man-made fibres like polyester , which can trap the moisture against your skin , leaving you hot and uncomfortable .
But when it comes to colour , things get a little more complicated .
White is good if you 're out in direct sunlight a lot - it will reflect the heat better than any other colour . But if you 're spending time in the shade , black is a more effective colour to wear as it radiates out heat into your environment , cooling you down .
Drinking hot drinks actually lowers your body temperature
Staying hydrated is key . According to the NHS , if you do n't drink lots of water and beverages like fruit juice , you can start to become unwell , with symptoms of headache and tiredness . It can lead to heat exhaustion and heatstroke , which in the worst cases can be fatal .
But what about hot drinks ? Can they help cool you down ? Well , it comes back to sweat again .
The thinking is , drinking a hot drink raises your body temperature , causing you to sweat . Sweating cools you down because as the moisture evaporates it takes away some of the heat of your body .
But sweating also means that you are losing liquid from your body , meaning you need to take on more to stay hydrated .
Keep the curtains closed - block out the sun
This is another one where there is no precise answer .
If you have thick dark curtains then keep them open , otherwise the fabric can keep the heat trapped in the room .
Lighter curtains can help reflect the sun 's rays back out of the room , so keep them closed .
Putting something reflective on the outside of the glass can bounce the heat away , keeping the room cool .
I never shut the windows during summer - you need to circulate the air
Sorry - this is another one where there is no hard and fast rule . And you should always consider home security and safety when it comes to leaving windows and doors open .
If the room you are in is actually cooler than the temperature outside then keep the windows closed , otherwise all you are doing is letting hot air in .
But if the room is warmer then opening the windows will help cool your home down .
A warning for you if your partner is a Megan or a Nathan - apparently they 're the most likely to cheat .
That 's according to an online company which matches married people who want secret flings .
Gleeden.com asked a sample 4,000 members for their name to find out who 's most likely to stray .
A spokeswoman said , `` We have been able to analyse the names that are the most represented on the site .
`` With women , Megan appears to be the most unfaithful , followed by Jessica , Amy , Olivia and Rebecca. ``
`` The top name for men is Nathan , followed by Christopher , Charles , Anthony and Eric . ''
The company , with 2.5 million members across the world , questioned 2,003 female and 2,019 male subscribers in the UK who had been unfaithful during the past 12 months .
With the Olympic Games well underway , some Australian athletes are looking for a match off the field .
Single athletes are using the wildly popular hook-up app Tinder to spice things up at the Olympic Village in the Brazilian city .
Instagram accounts Tinderrio and Sportsswipe have uncovered the profiles of a string of Australian sporting names who are swiping left and right at the Games .
Tennis star Thanasi Kokkinakis is among the legion of the world 's sporting elite who are apparently turning to the location-based matchmaking app .
Figures from the app reveal the number of people who 'matched ' had jumped 129 percent since the athletes arrived at their accommodation over the weekend .
Cyclists Kaarle McCulloch and Sam Welsford and swimmers Madeleine Grove and Leah Neale have also been supposedly spotted on the dating app .
Water polo player Ashleigh Southern has been active on her account , with one of her profile pictures featuring a selfie in a white and green pinstripe blazer in front of Australia 's tower in the village .
The number of active users within the athletes ' village shot up by 64 percent , while the number of 'swipes ' soared by 69 percent .
Profiles from international athletes of nearly every sport can be found with updates like 'Got plenty of time to kill , ' or 'Looking for fun in Rio ! '
Despite the Olympics now getting into full swing , technicians for the app claim the figures are still rising by the day .
The International Olympic Committee perhaps anticipated Rio 2016 becoming the steamiest on record by handing out 450,000 free condoms - the most ever for an Olympics Games .
And in addition , Australians have also been given 1,500 double-strength rubber following concerns of the Zika virus .
The condoms contain an antiviral lubricant for 'added protection ' designed to combat against the mosquito-borne disease , which can also be transmitted through sexual contact .
The IOC says the condoms , which are known as 'Little shirts of venus ' in Brazil , would encourage 10,500 athletes and staff to practice safe sex .
Free condoms have been supplied since the 1988 Olympics in Seoul .
Australian swimmer Melanie Schlanger , 29 , said recently that athletes will not be abstaining from sex during the games in the village .
Mr Trump has been under pressure after a tape from 2005 of him making obscene comments and bragging about groping and kissing women emerged on Friday .
Warning : The following part contains some graphic language
In the recorded comments , which date back to 2005 when Mr Trump was appearing as a guest on a soap , he says `` you can do anything '' to women `` when you 're a star '' and is heard saying `` grab them by the pussy '' .
Trump issued a rare apology for the remarks on Friday and on Saturday was reported to be in crisis talks with close advisers in New York City . But in a call to the Washington Post he said : “ I ’ d never withdraw . I ’ ve never withdrawn in my life . No , I ’ m not quitting this race . I have tremendous support . ”
Speaking to the Wall Street Journal , he said : “ There is zero chance I ’ ll quit. ” To the New York Times , he said his “ tremendous support ” meant he would win the presidency .
Shortly after CNN reported that in 2006 Trump told the radio host Howard Stern it was OK to call his daughter Ivanka “ a piece of ass ” , Trump tweeted : “ The media and establishment want me out of the race so badly ” and added in capitals : “ I will never drop out of the race , will never let my supporters down . ”
The candidate had married his third wife Melania a few months before the recording . She said on Saturday : `` I hope people will accept his apology , as I have , and focus on the important issues facing our nation and the world . ''
Against this backdrop , with just one month until election day and one day until the second presidential debate , a growing chorus of senior Republicans – if not party leadership – called for Trump to let his running mate take over .
Multiple sources told the Guardian there was a meeting at Republican National Committee headquarters on Friday night , to discuss possible ways to remove Trump from the ticket . The meeting ended with no clear resolution .
The businessman ’ s own vice-presidential pick , Mike Pence , decried “ the words and actions described by Donald Trump ” in the video .
“ I do not condone his remarks and can not defend them . I am grateful that he has expressed remorse , ” he added , before alluding to Sunday night ’ s presidential debate . “ We pray for his family and look forward to the opportunity he has to show what is in his heart when he goes before the nation tomorrow night . ”
Melania Trump , the candidate ’ s wife , issued a statement in which she said her husband ’ s words were “ unacceptable and offensive ” but added that “ this does not represent the man that I know ” and said Trump had “ the heart and mind of a leader ” .
Senator John Thune , the third-ranking Republican in the Senate , led calls for Trump ’ s withdrawal , writing : “ Donald Trump should withdraw and Mike Pence should be our nominee effective immediately . ”
John McCain , the Arizona senator and 2008 nominee , on Saturday afternoon rescinded his support for Trump . “ I have wanted to support the candidate our party nominated . He was not my choice , but as a past nominee , I thought it important I respect the fact that Donald Trump won a majority of the delegates by the rules our party set , ” he said .
“ But Donald Trump ’ s behavior this week , concluding with the disclosure of his demeaning comments about women and his boasts of sexual assaults , make it impossible to offer even conditional support for his candidacy . ”
In Utah , senior Republicans explicitly abandoned the candidate . Governor Gary Herbert and Jason Chaffetz , chair of the House committee investigating Clinton ’ s use of a private email server while secretary of state , withdrew their support . Senator Mike Lee , representative Chris Stewart and former governor Jon Huntsman called on Trump to step aside and let Pence lead the ticket .
Mitt Romney , the 2012 Republican nominee who has never backed Trump , said : “ Hitting on married women ? Condoning assault ? Such vile degradations demean our wives and daughters and corrupt America ’ s face to the world . ”
January 28 marks the beginning of the Chinese New Year , and this year 's calendar allows for a possible ten-day break .
While the holiday used to be a period of family reunions and big feasts , many Chinese are now choosing to escape the winter pollution and the vastly overstretched domestic travel infrastructure by taking an outbound trip instead .
Ctrip , China ’ s largest online travel agency , recently released its `` 2017 Spring Festival Tourism Big Data Report , '' forecasting that this year ’ s holiday season will be the “ hottest ever ” and is expected to surpass last year 's total of six million outbound trips .
According to Ctrip , the top 10 overseas destinations for Chinese New Year tourists in 2017 are : Thailand , Japan , the United States , Singapore , Australia , Malaysia , South Korea , Indonesia , the Philippines and Vietnam .
The report also claims that this year has seen much smaller increases in package tour prices compared to previous years , with plenty of last-minute offers still available due to a wider range of available deals as well as increased time flexibility .
With increases of around 15 % , trips to Thailand saw the largest rises in price , while the strong US dollar saw trips to the US and the Philippines become approximately 10 % more expensive . Nevertheless , trips to Japan and many destinations have stayed almost stable .
The prices for package tours to countries that saw plummeting visitor numbers in 2016 -- such as Egypt , Turkey and Italy -- are being reduced by up to 30 % .
The first Golden Week tours begin on January 23 , peaking on January 25 , with many travelers aiming to leave the country before the “ Golden Week Travel Madness ” begins .
Positive forecasts for outbound trips are supported by the continued easing of visa requirements for many destinations , increased flight numbers and relatively low-cost package tours , with tour operators hoping to lure back some of the increasing number of independent travelers .
With the opportunity to travel for ten days or more , long-haul destinations like the US and Australia can expect large numbers of Chinese visitors this year .
Additionally , countries such as the United Arab Emirates and Morocco will benefit from recently relaxed visa requirements . A visa for UAE can now be obtained after arrival at the airport without prior application , and Morocco even waived the need for a visa completely .
What happened ?
At 14.40 GMT a single attacker drove a car over Westminster Bridge , near the Houses of Parliament in central London , killing at least two pedestrians and injuring many more .
The car then crashed into railings outside the Houses of Parliament .
The attacker , armed with a knife , ran to Parliament where he was confronted by the police . One officer - who was not armed - was stabbed and killed .
The attacker was shot dead by armed officers .
What was the scene like ?
Witnesses have described pandemonium and panic .
One , Richard Tice , said he was coming out of Westminster tube station at about 14:45 and was ushered by police onto Westminster Bridge .
He saw people lying on the bridge being tended to . He was told that a car had mounted the pavement and driven the whole way , from south to north , across the bridge , knocking people over .
`` I counted eight people the length of the bridge , from south to north - at least eight . ''
Who were the victims ?
So far , only the police officer has been named . He was PC Keith Palmer , 48 , of the Parliamentary and Diplomatic Protection Command . He had 15 years ' service and was a husband and a father .
The injured included three police officers who were walking across the bridge on their way back from a commendation ceremony . Two are described as being in a serious condition .
Police said a `` range of nationalities '' were among the injured .
A group of French schoolchildren were on the bridge and three were injured in the incident .
Four university students from Edge Hill University , in Lancashire , were also hurt .
Who was the attacker ? Was there only one ?
The prime minister said there was a `` single attacker '' .
He has not yet been named . Police say they think they know who he is , and are `` working to look at associates '' .
Acting deputy commissioner Mark Rowley , the Met 's top anti-terror officer said the working assumption was that the attacker was `` inspired by international terrorism '' , but would not comment on his nationality or any other details .
He said police were focusing on the suspect 's `` motivation , preparation and associates '' .
What security has been put in place ?
Parliament was suspended and politicians , journalists and visitors to the buildings were locked in for about five hours .
Hundreds of people were evacuated from Parliament to Westminster Abbey for safety .
Police and the London mayor said there would be more unarmed and armed police officers on the streets in following days .
The UK 's threat level has been set at `` severe '' - meaning an attack is highly likely - for some time and this would not change , the prime minister said .
Theresa May 's London Attack Speech
Tomorrow morning , Parliament will meet as normal.We will come together as normal .
And Londoners - and others from around the world who have come here to visit this great City - will get up and go about their day as normal .
They will board their trains , they will leave their hotels , they will walk these streets , they will live their lives .
And we will all move forward together . Never giving in to terror . And never allowing the voices of hate and evil to drive us apart .
World leaders show solidarity
Chinese President Xi Jinping has offered his condolences to Queen Elizabeth II for the victims of the attack .
Xi strongly condemned the attack , and extended his deepest condolences to the families of the victims . He said terrorism is the common enemy of society , noting that China firmly opposes to any form of terrorism . Xi also noted that China is willing to strengthen security and anti-terrorism cooperative efforts with the UK and the world .
French President Francois Hollande expressed his `` solidarity '' with the British people , saying `` terrorism concerns us all and France knows how the British people are suffering today '' .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel , whose country saw a lorry attack in December that killed 12 people in Berlin , said her thoughts were `` with our British friends and all of the people of London '' .
`` I want to say for Germany and its citizens : we stand firmly and resolutely by Great Britain 's side in the fight against all forms of terrorism , '' she added .
US President Donald Trump spoke by phone to British Prime Minister Theresa May to offer his condolences and to praise the effective response of UK security services .
Mr Trump pledged the `` full co-operation and support '' of the US government in bringing those responsible for the attack to justice , the White House said in a statement .
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said in a statement that it was an `` attack on democracies around the world '' and Canadians stood `` united with the British people in the fight against terrorism '' .
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said it was an `` attack on parliaments , freedom and democracy everywhere '' and offered his support and solidarity to the British government .
Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova expressed sympathy for the injured and offered condolences to the relatives of those who had died , adding : `` We do n't split terrorism into categories ; we consider it as absolute evil . At this moment , as always , our hearts are together with the British people '' .
Saying his thoughts were `` with London tonight '' , European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker recalled it was the first anniversary of the Brussels attacks .
`` At this emotional time , we at the European Commission can only send that sympathy back twofold . '' he said in a statement .
Passer-by 'stops to take a SELFIE '
`` Unbelievable ! Some people disgusting ! Please track this sick individual down & amp ; shame him publicly at the very least ! ''
`` What is wrong with some people man . No brains at all . ''
`` Touched by the bravery of those that ran towards victims to offer help and support . Disgusted by those taking selfies . ''
Mr Zhao , 40 , was taken to the hospital in southern China last month after experiencing acute pain in the abdomen and on the back .
Doctors said the fat content in Mr Zhao 's blood plasma was 25 times higher than the normal level .
The male patient was admitted into the Zhongshan Chenxinghai Hospital in Guangdong province last month , according to Dr Chen Guo-xiang , the director of the hospital 's critical care department .
Dr Chen told MailOnline that Mr Zhao was diagnosed with acute pancreatitis and his pancreas had been inflamed .
Dr Chen arranged a blood test for Mr Zhao to help treat his illness .
Shockingly , the doctor discovered that the patient 's blood plasma was unusually thick , and it appeared to be creamy white 'just like milk ' .
According to NHS , blood plasma is a major component of a man 's blood .
The fluid , which should be yellow and transparent , helps transport blood cells and platelets around a man 's body .
Dr Chen said the cream colour is attributed to the high level of triglyceride , a major constituent of body fat .
The normal range of a person 's triglyceride is 0.22 to 1.65 millimoles per litre , according to Dr Chen .
Mr Zhao 's triglyceride level is 23 millimoles per litre , which is about 25 times higher than the normal level .
The high fat level in Mr Zhao 's blood had caused harm to his pancreas , leading to an acute inflammation of the organ , said Dr Chen .
Mr Zhao said he had business meals very often and had consumed 'a huge amount of meat ' over the years , reports ZSTV .
'It was just eating . I thought it would n't be a problem , ' said the patient after he was shocked to see the results of his blood test .
Dr Chen said the patient 's greasy diet was the main cause of his illness . They had arranged healthy blood plasma to be transfused into Mr Zhao 's body to replace his 'fatty ' blood plasma .
An Israeli ultra-Orthodox Jewish news website has cut Kim Kardashian — one of the world 's most photographed women — from a photo taken of her in Jerusalem this week .
The original photo of Kardashian , her husband , Kanye West , and Jerusalem 's Mayor Nir Barkat was altered to put Kardashian behind a restaurant receipt . Kardashian was blurred in another .
Nissim Ben Haim , an editor at the Kikar HaShabbat website , said Wednesday they removed Kardashian because she 's a `` pornographic symbol '' who contradicts ultra-Orthodox values .
In an article chiding Barkat for dining with them at a non-kosher restaurant , Kardashian was referred to as `` West 's wife . ''
Within the insular Ultra-Orthodox community , pictures of women often are n't shown out of modesty . In January , an ultra-Orthodox newspaper removed German chancellor Angela Merkel from a photo .
According to a letter posted by CNN , Obama encouraged Trump to `` build more ladders of success for every child and family that 's willing to work hard '' and `` sustain the international order . ''
`` Not everyone is so lucky . It 's up to us to do everything we can ( to ) build more ladders of success for every child and family that 's willing to work hard . ''
Turning to international relations , Obama told Trump , who had embraced isolationism throughout his campaign : `` American leadership in this world really is indispensable . ''
`` It 's up to us , through action and example , to sustain the international order that 's expanded steadily since the end of the Cold War , and upon which our own wealth and safety depend . ''
Obama urged his successor to protect `` those democratic institutions and traditions – like rule of law , separation of powers , equal protection and civil liberties – that our forebears fought and bled for '' .
`` Regardless of the push and pull of daily politics , it 's up to us to leave those instruments of our democracy at least as strong as we found them . ''
`` And finally , take time , in the rush of events and responsibilities , for friends and family . They ’ ll get you through the inevitable rough patches. ``
In January , Trump called the letter `` beautiful '' and said he would cherish it , adding : `` We wo n't even tell the press what 's in that letter . ''
The relationship between the two presidents has grown increasingly fractious after an initial attempt to build bridges on both sides quickly collapsed .
Obama invited his successor to the White House a few days after the election , telling Trump : `` We now are going to do everything we can to help you succeed , because if you succeed , then the country succeeds . ''
Trump said he had `` great respect '' for the president he had excoriated on the campaign trail , and called Obama a `` very good man '' .
`` The conversations have been cordial , '' Obama said in January , following news the two had had a handful of phone calls . `` He has been open to suggestions , and the main thing that I 've tried to transmit is that there 's a difference between governing and campaigning . ''
When the New Yorker 's David Remnick asked Obama how that White House meeting with Trump had gone , however , the former president `` smiled thinly , and said , 'I think I ca n't characterize it without ... ' Then he stopped himself and said that he would tell me 'at some point over a beer – off the record ' . ''
Within days of Trump 's inauguration , Obama had broken his silence to criticize his successor for the first time , with a spokesman responding to Trump 's first attempt at a travel ban by saying : `` The president ( Obama ) fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion . ''
Their relationship was strained further when Trump claimed in March that Obama had been tapping his phones during the election campaign . This week his own Justice Department stated in a court filing that its national security division and the FBI `` confirm that they have no records related to wiretaps as described by the March 4 , 2017 tweets '' .
More recently , Obama responded to Trump 's heavily criticized remarks equating neo-Nazis with the protesters opposing them in Charlottesville , Virginia , with a series of tweets quoting Nelson Mandela . `` No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion , '' the former president posted .
By contrast , Trump continues to use social media to needle his predecessor , last month retweeting an allegedly antisemitic supporter 's set of images entitled `` The best eclipse ever ! '' which showed Trump 's face gradually obscuring that of Obama .
Dear Mr President
Congratulations on a remarkable run . Millions have placed their hopes in you , and all of us , regardless of party , should hope for expanded prosperity and security during your tenure .
This is a unique office , without a clear blueprint for success , so I don ’ t know that any advice from me will be particularly helpful . Still , let me offer a few reflections from the past 8 years .
First , we ’ ve both been blessed , in different ways , with great good fortune . Not everyone is so lucky . It ’ s up to us to do everything we can ( to ) build more ladders of success for every child and family that ’ s willing to work hard .
Second , American leadership in this world really is indispensable . It ’ s up to us , through action and example , to sustain the international order that ’ s expanded steadily since the end of the Cold War , and upon which our own wealth and safety depend .
Third , we are just temporary occupants of this office . That makes us guardians of those democratic institutions and traditions -- like rule of law , separation of powers , equal protection and civil liberties -- that our forebears fought and bled for . Regardless of the push and pull of daily politics , it ’ s up to us to leave those instruments of our democracy at least as strong as we found them .
And finally , take time , in the rush of events and responsibilities , for friends and family . They ’ ll get you through the inevitable rough patches .
Michelle and I wish you and Melania the very best as you embark on this great adventure , and know that we stand ready to help in any ways which we can .
1 . Battle of the Sexes
The husband-and-wife team behind Little Miss Sunshine tackle the 1977 gender war between Bobby Riggs , washed-up 55-year-old tennis pro , and Billie Jean King , the young ace ( then No 2 in the world ) he challenged to a match .
2 . Dunkirk
This means war : Christopher Nolan 's second film not set in the present ( or future ) is an epic tableau about the rescue of hundreds of thousands of troops from the French coast . Tom Hardy , Mark Rylance , Kenneth Branagh , Cillian Murphy and , er , Harry Styles , star . Think Saving Private Ryan , but saltier .
3 . Flying Horse
Gary Oldman 's first film as director in 20 years , and only his second ever , is a biopic of the pioneering 19th-century photographer Eadweard Muybridge , focusing on the affair between his wife , Flora , and Harry Larkyns , the theatre critic he kills . No casting confirmed , but Oldman had been chasing Ralph Fiennes and Benedict Cumberbatch . The man himself will play Muybridge 's prosecutor .
4 . HHhH
Remember Anthropoid ? A rather overlooked drama from earlier this year , it starred Jamie Dornan and Cillian Murphy in the story of a failed assassination attempt on Hitler 's third in command , SS General Reinhard Heydrich . Another crack at this story is being attempted with HHhH , this time round with Jacks Reynor and O'Connell as the plotting soldiers , plus Rosamund Pike and Mia Wasikowska as the objects of their affections , and Jason Clarke the target of their anger .
5 . Sunset
Frankly , this is unlikely to be ready in time for next year , but we 'll include it just in case . The second film from Laszlo Nemes , who won the foreign language Oscar earlier this year for Son of Saul , is a coming-of-age drama set in Budapest just before the first world war .
6 . Untitled Detroit Riots film
Kathryn Bigelow and screenwriter Mark Boal have been working for a while on a drama about the 1967 police raid in Detroit , which led to one of the largest citizen uprisings in US history . Kaitlyn Dever , John Krasinski , Will Poulter , John Boyega and Jack Reynor star .
7 . Viceroy 's House
Gurinder Chadha goes colonial with a tale of the 1947 handover and its fallout , when Lord and Lady Mountbatten lived in a mansion also containing 500 Hindu , Muslim and Sikh servants . Hugh Bonneville and Gillian Anderson are our central couple .
8 . Victoria and Abdul
The killer combo of Judi Dench and Stephen Frears team up again , four years on from Philomena , with a Lee Hall-scripted look at the friendship between Queen Vic and a young Indian clerk . Eddie Izzard looks like inspired casting as Bertie , the Prince of Wales ; filling out the rest of the cast are Olivia Williams , Tim Pigott-Smith and , once again , Simon Callow and Michael Gambon .
IN NUMBERS： EU referendum
18 : Minimum age citizens must be to vote
£6 million : Maximum amount groups can spend on official referendum campaigns
1975 : Last time Britain had a referendum on the EU ( or the 'Common Market ' as it was then called )
67 % : Percentage of the 1975 electorate who chose to stay in
65 % : Turnout in 1975 referendum
£12.9 billion : Amount the UK paid to the EU in 2015 after rebate taken into account
7 : Number of ministers who attend David Cameron 's Cabinet meetings who want to leave the EU
150 : Number of Conservative MPs expected to back Brexit
2.7 million : Number of people born in another EU country who now live in the UK according to Migration Watch
FAQ：What is the EU referendum ?
The term is a commonly-used abbreviation for British exit from the EU .
How will it be decided ?
The decision hangs on the result of a national referendum , currently being prepared by the government .
When will the referendum be held ?
The referendum will be held on Thursday .
What will the question be ?
The question will ask : 'Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union ? '
What is the expected result ?
Most polls show the British public is roughly evenly divided about the country 's future in the EU , with a slight bias towards staying
Remain or Leave ?
REMAIN : David Cameron
‘ Economic security with the EU , or a leap into the dark ’
‘ I believe it ( leaving the EU ) would be needless and reckless – an act of economic and political self-harm ’
REMAIN : Barack Obama
‘ The EU makes Britain even greater ’
‘ Together , the United States , the United Kingdom , and the European Union have turned centuries of war in Europe into decades of peace , and worked as one to make this world a safer , better place ’
REMAIN : William Hague
‘ The Leave campaign is really the Donald Trump campaign with better hair ’
‘ This transatlantic mirror-image is completed by the uncannily identical expectations , at least on the part of political pundits and financial markets , of what the results will be ’
REMAIN : John McTernan
‘ Turkey deal reveals the EU ’ s future - Britain should be desperate to be a part of it ’
‘ A Britain in the EU is open for business – for free trade , free movement of capital , goods and services and free movement of labour . Outside we will have chosen to close ourselves ’
LEAVE : Boris Johnson
‘ There is only one way to get the change we want ’
‘ And it is important to remember : it isn ’ t we in this country who have changed . It is the European Union . ’
LEAVE : Col Richard Kemp
‘ It is an EU army that could bring about war ’
‘ A vote to Remain would embolden Brussels in the goal of ever-closer union . This will include a European army ... . And an EU army would undermine deterrence and cripple Nato , weakening European defences ’
LEAVE : Allister Heath
‘ EU red tape is suffocating UK economy and Brexit can set us free ’
‘ As it becomes ever clearer that we won ’ t be able to reform our economy if we stay in the EU , let us hope that more senior business leaders add their names to such ( pro-Brexit ) lists ’
LEAVE : Michael Howard
‘ David Cameron ’ s reform bid has failed – it ’ s time to go ’
‘ The EU ’ s fundamental flaw is its misconceived attempt to impose rigid uniformity on countries as different as Finland and Greece , Portugal and Germany ’
David Beckham
`` We live in a vibrant and connected world where together as a people we are strong . For our children and their children we should be facing the problems of the world together and not alone , '' Beckham said in a statement .
`` For these reasons I am voting to Remain . ''
'Harry Potter ' author Rowling
`` How can a retreat into selfish and insecure individualism be the right response when Europe faces genuine threats , when the bonds that tie us are so powerful , when we have come so far together ? '' she wrote .
Benedict Cumberbatch
`` Britain is not just stronger in Europe , it is more imaginative and more creative , '' the letter also says . `` Our global creative success would be severely weakened by walking away . ''
Stephen Hawking
Sweden is so good at recycling that , for several years , it has imported rubbish from other countries to keep its recycling plants going . Less than 1 percent of Swedish household waste was sent to landfill last year or any year since 2011 .
We can only dream of such an effective system in the UK , which is why we end up paying expensive transport costs to send rubbish to be recycled overseas rather than paying fines to send it to landfill under The Landfill Tax of 1996 .
Why are we sending waste to Sweden ? Their system is so far ahead because of a culture of looking after the environment . Sweden was one of the first countries to implement a heavy tax on fossil fuels in 1991 and now sources almost half its electricity from renewables .
“ Swedish people are quite keen on being out in nature and they are aware of what we need do on nature and environmental issues . We worked on communications for a long time to make people aware not to throw things outdoors so that we can recycle and reuse , ” says Anna-Carin Gripwall , director of communications for Avfall Sverige , the Swedish Waste Management ’ s recycling association .
Over time , Sweden has implemented a cohesive national recycling policy so that even though private companies undertake most of the business of importing and burning waste , the energy goes into a national heating network to heat homes through the freezing Swedish winter .
“ That ’ s a key reason that we have this district network , so we can make use of the heating from the waste plants . In the southern part of Europe they don ’ t make use of the heating from the waste , it just goes out the chimney . Here we use it as a substitute for fossil fuel , ” Ms Gripwall says .
Sweden ’ s heating network is not without its detractors . They argue that the country is dodging real recycling by sending waste to be incinerated . Paper plant managers say that wood fibre can be used up to six times before it becomes dust . If Sweden burns paper before that point it is exhausting the potential for true recycling and replacing used paper with fresh raw material .
Ms Gripwall says the aim in Sweden is still to stop people sending waste to recycling in the first place . A national campaign called the “ Miljönär-vänlig ” movement has for several years promoted the notion that there is much to be gained through repairing , sharing and reusing .
She describes Sweden ’ s policy of importing waste to recycle from other countries as a temporary situation . “ There ’ s a ban on landfill in EU countries , so instead of paying the fine they send it to us as a service . They should and will build their own plants , to reduce their own waste , as we are working hard to do in Sweden , ” Ms Gripwall says .
“ Hopefully there will be less waste and the waste that has to go to incineration should be incinerated in each country . But to use recycling for heating you have to have district heating or cooling systems , so you have to build the infrastructure for that , and that takes time , ” she adds .
Swedish municipalities are individually investing in futuristic waste collection techniques , like automated vacuum systems in residential blocks , removing the need for collection transport , and underground container systems that free up road space and get rid of any smells .
President Donald Trump has been handing out his cellphone number to world leaders and urging them to call him directly , an unusual invitation that breaks diplomatic protocol and is raising concerns about the security and secrecy of the US commander in chief 's communications .
Trump has urged leaders of Canada and Mexico to reach him on his cellphone , according to former and current US officials with direct knowledge of the practice . Of the two , only Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has taken advantage of the offer so far , the officials said .
Trump also exchanged numbers with French President Emmanuel Macron when the two spoke immediately following Macron 's victory earlier last month , according to a French official , who would not comment on whether Macron intended to use the line .
The notion of world leaders calling each other up via cellphone may seem unremarkable in the modern , mobile world . But in the diplomatic arena , where leader-to-leader calls are highly orchestrated affairs , it is another notable breach of protocol for a president who has expressed distrust of official channels .
Presidents ' phone calls with world leaders often involve considerable advance planning . State Department and National Security Council officials typically prepare scripted talking points and background on the leader on the other end of the line . Often an informal transcript of the call is made and circulated among a select group - sometimes a small clutch of aides , sometimes a broader group of foreign policy officials . Those records are preserved and archived .
The White House did not respond to questions on whether the president is keeping records of any less-formal calls with world leaders .
Trump 's White House is already facing scrutiny for apparent efforts to work outside usual diplomatic channels .
The administration has been fending off questions about a senior aide 's attempt to set up a secret back channel of communication with Moscow in the weeks before Trump took office . White House adviser Jared Kushner , Trump 's son-in-law , met in December with Russia 's ambassador to the US and discussed whether a secret line of communication could be used to facilitate sensitive policy discussions about the conflict in Syria , according to a person familiar with the talks .
It was unclear whether an impromptu , informal call with a foreign leader would be logged and archived . The Presidential Records Act of 1981 , passed in response to the Watergate scandal , requires that the president and his staff preserve all records related to the office . In 2014 , the act was amended to include personal emails .
But the law contains `` blind spots '' — namely , record-keeping for direct cellphone communications , said Jonathan Turley , a professor at George Washington University Law School , who specializes in public interest and national security law .
The practice opens Trump up to charges of hypocrisy . Throughout last year 's presidential campaign , he lambasted Democratic rival Hillary Clinton for using a private email server while she was secretary of state , insisting she should not be given access to classified information because she would leave it vulnerable to foreign foes .
Presidents generally place calls on one of several secure phone lines , including those in the White House Situation Room , the Oval Office or the presidential limousine . Even if Trump uses his government-issued cellphone , his calls are vulnerable to eavesdropping , particularly from foreign governments , national security experts say .
`` If you are speaking on an open line , then it 's an open line , meaning those who have the ability to monitor those conversations are doing so , '' said Derek Chollet , a former Pentagon adviser and National Security Council official now at the German Marshall Fund of the United States .
A president `` does n't carry with him a secure phone , '' Chollet said . `` If someone is trying to spy on you , then everything you 're saying , you have to presume that others are listening to it . ''
The caution is warranted even when dealing with allies . As German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's learned in 2013 , when a dump of American secrets leaked by Edward Snowden revealed the US was monitoring her cellphone , good relations do n't prevent some spycraft between friends .
Trump has struggled more than most recent presidents to keep his conversations with world leaders private . His remarks to Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull , Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and Russian diplomats have all leaked , presumably after notes of the conversations were circulated by national security officials .
The Modern Family cast ( $ 350,000 per episode )
Married with Children star Ed O'Neill was the biggest name on Modern Family when it first began , which explains why he was getting paid $ 100,000 an episode in comparison to the $ 65,000 an episode afforded his adult costars .
The salaries for the show 's younger cast members is harder to decipher , but it 's estimated that they earned around $ 10-12k per episode in the sitcom 's early days .
As the show entered its fourth season , however , the show 's adult cast filed a lawsuit against production company Fox Television seeking to void their original contracts in order to negotiate pay raises .
The threat ended up working , with the adult cast having their salaries bumped up to $ 175,000 per episode , along with a small share of the show 's back-end profits . O'Neill 's salary was bumped up less , putting his earnings on par with the rest of his costars .
Meanwhile , the Modern Family kids also got a raise , which was believed to be in the $ 70k-per-episode region .
As the show has continued , salaries have also increased . Currently the comedy 's adult actors are believed to each earn $ 350,000 per episode .
Forget your chat-up lines and ditch the expensive aftershave , because scientists say the secret to dating is far simpler .
The key to finding love is all in a name , it seems .
A team of researchers has discovered that people with names earlier in the alphabet are more likely to be romantically successful .
After carrying out an extensive search of studies in the fields of psychology and sociology , as well as computer , behavioural , and neurocognitive sciences , the scientists from Queen Mary University of London found that names are vital for first impressions .
Their study , published in the Evidence Based Medicine journal , suggests that having a name starting with the letters A to M is just as important as the picture you choose for an online dating profile .
Professor Khalid Khan , who led the research , said : 'Alphabetically ordering things has been around for centuries .
'Research has shown that this accident of initial letters has important influence on outcomes .
'A always comes first . Peoples are drawn to those at the top of any listing .
'Applied to online dating this means that those at the top of the listing get first bite of the attention from potential love-interests and so have a higher chance of being matched . '
'There is something in human nature that draws us to those at the top of any listing and this phenomenon , though not fully explained , has an impact on online dating . Perhaps we subconsciously give higher value to things that appear to be at the top of the pile . '
He added : 'Research shows that people with names in top half alphabet paper to do better in education compared to those in lower half , on average . Amazon and Apple , successful companies begin with A .
'This does not mean that things lower down in the alphabet do n't have a chance - Zara is a successful company too - it is just that on average their chances are lower . '
Paris and Los Angeles are set to stage the 2024 and 2028 Olympic Games - provided they can agree which should go first , as both want to host in 2024 .
The International Olympic Committee has voted in favor of naming hosts for successive Games on 13 September with just Paris and Los Angeles bidding .
The IOC - which oversees the Olympic movement - wants the cities to reach an agreement on who hosts in 2028 by then .
If there is no agreement , a vote to select just the 2024 host will be held .
Budapest , Hamburg and Rome withdrew from the race for the 2024 event .
IOC president Thomas Bach told reporters after the meeting he hoped the agreement would be reached next month .
And LA organizers said they were `` thrilled '' with the decision , adding : `` We look forward to working with the IOC and Paris in the weeks ahead to turn this golden opportunity into a golden future together . ''
In June , Los Angeles bid chair Casey Wasserman appeared to concede to Paris when he said : `` We have never been only about 2024 . ''
However , a spokesman later told BBC Sport : `` LA is the ideal host city for 2024 and is not conceding anything in the race for the 2024 Games .
Paris has said it has to go first as the site it has earmarked for the Olympic Village will not be available for redevelopment after 2024 .
It took a while and it was a little confusing but Thomas Bach eventually got what he wanted - unanimous backing for Paris and Los Angeles to become Olympic hosts .
It 's dependent on all parties reaching agreement but with the mayors of the two cities , who are friends , holding hands while thanking the IOC members for their approval , it would be a major surprise if a deal is n't struck .
And there could be a quick decision . Discussions will begin in the next few days - it 's in no-ones ' interest for any uncertainty to linger longer than is necessary .
It 's been dressed up as a win-win scenario . In truth one of them will be a bigger winner . Both cities started out bidding for 2024 , now either Paris or Los Angeles will be asked to accept 2028 instead . It 's still better than losing .
For the IOC it buys them time to revamp the bidding process , to encourage other potential contenders who have been scared off , especially in Western Europe . After years when competition was fierce to stage the prestigious event , there 's been a declining number of cities that are interested .
Hamburg , Rome and Budapest pulled out of the current campaign , just two candidates competed for the right to host the 2022 Winter Games . The costs involved and a lack of public support were to blame .
A group claiming to call itself 'Overweight Haters Ltd ' has been handing out abusive cards to commuters on London 's underground rail network , branding them as `` fat '' and `` ugly . ''
National Health Service ( NHS ) worker , Kara Florish took to Twitter slamming the campaign group 's `` hateful '' and `` cowardly '' tactics after being given a card on the London Underground .
The card went on , adding that Overweight Haters Ltd hated and resented `` fat people '' , accusing them of `` wasting NHS money '' and adding `` it 's really not glandular , it 's your gluttony . ''
The British Transport Police have announced that they are aware of the cards , and ask anyone who was handed one to call them .
`` We have spoken to a number of people and , to date , have had two formal complaints and several anecdotal reports , '' the police said in a statement Tuesday .
One person reported on social media that he saw a woman in tears after a `` young man '' at Oxford Circus handed her a printed card saying `` You 're Fat '' .
People across the globe ran to the woman 's defense , condemning the actions of Overweight Haters Ltd .
Companies from all walks of life including personal care brand , Dove , and plus-size clothing designer , Navabi , have reached out on Twitter to show their support to those affected .
Local government body responsible for the city 's transport , Transport for London ( TfL ) , has issued a statement about the matter , saying the anti-social behavior would n't be tolerated .
`` All of our customers have the right to travel with confidence , and this sad and unpleasant form of anti-social behavior will not be tolerated , '' Steve Burton , director of enforcement and on-street operations at TfL , said in a statement emailed to CNBC .
Microsoft 's operating systems unit Executive Vice-President Terry Myerson took to the stage to talk up the new software at the Windows Hardware Engineering Community ( WinHEC ) summit in Shenzhen , China . Having already confirmed that current users of Windows 7 and 8 would get a free upgrade to Windows 10 , Myerson revealed that the free upgrade will be available to illegal copies of the software too .
The move is an attempt to bring pirate users back into the official Microsoft sphere , and is likely to have the greatest impact in China , where it 's reported that the majority of software is not properly licensed . To tackle China , Microsoft has partnered with Chinese companies Tencent and Qihu 360 .
Microsoft also revealed that Windows 10 will launch in 190 countries `` this summer '' .
Desktop PCs will need to be packing at least 1GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage to run the 32-bit version of Windows 10 . Computers will need to double that up for the 64-bit edition . Screens are required to be bigger than 7 inches for Windows Pro , or bigger than 8 inches for the consumer version .
Those who find themselves easily distracted at work may be intellectually superior to their colleagues , according to research .
Intelligent workers may have difficulty concentrating due to the vast number of clever ideas popping into their gifted brains .
Bostjan Ljubic , vice president of Steelcase , a workplace solutions company that analysed the findings of neuroscientists and cognitive researchers , said : “ Employers are always on the lookout for the brightest people available , however the difficulty to withstand multiple tasks and distractions in the office affects smart people in the same way as everyone else , if not more . ”
The smartest individuals may find it more difficult to decide which ideas to prioritise with distraction leading to , what psychiatrist Dr Ned Hallowell cites as , “ a feeling of inadequacy and inability to deal with the workload as a whole , ” the Telegraphreports .
He added , the smartest brains can ultimately fall short of their own expected potential , as well as failing to live up to their employer 's hopes .
Nearly half of more than 10,000 workers , surveyed in 17 countries , said they struggled to concentrate in the office , according to a wellbeing study by Steelcase .
Increased access to technology has been cited as a possible reason for this lack of focus .
Research from GlobalWebIndex , cited by Steelcase , says the average time spent on mobile devices has increased by 200 per cent since 2012 ; while the average smartphone user in the UK checks their phone 221 times every day and the average office worker checks their email around 30 times an hour .
The University of California suggest that , ultimately , the average office worker is interrupted or distracted every three minutes .
Mr Ljubic said : “ The ways in which we work are changing more rapidly than ever before and the brain is being subjected to stresses and distractions which can lead to overload and statistics show that distractions in the workplace are on the rise . ”
A man who vowed to give up smoking has been caught out after his wife spotted him having a secret cigarette on Google Street View .
Donny Ryding from Leasowe , Merseyside , had been warned by doctors to quit smoking and to adopt a healthy diet after suffering from a heart attack.. The taxi driver promised his wife Julie he would kick the habit but he was still enjoying cigarettes in secret behind her back .
But Mr Ryding , was rumbled when he was captured outside his home having a crafty cigarette by one of the Google Street View cameras after his wife suspected he was n't keeping to his healthy lifestyle .
Mrs Ryding said : 'He 'd been told to give up smoking and to stop eating unhealthy foods after he had a heart attack . I cleaned his car out for him and I found loads of Hobnob biscuits in there . I confronted him and he denied it and he would n't admit to it . He stormed out of the house and then later that day we 'd heard that the Street View camera was driving around . When I checked it online I could n't believe it - there was no denying it now we 'd seen it . '
Although the incriminating picture has now been removed from Street View , and replaced with a more up to date version , it can still be accessed on Google Maps .
Mrs Ryding added : 'When Street View first launched , they did n't blur out faces , but there was no need to with him - he was covered by a cloud of smoke anyway !
'Since it happened we 've called it 'Hobnob day ' and whenever the family gets together we laugh and joke about it . He did sleep on the couch that night but he took it all in good spirits . '
1 . Walking down the street while staring down at your phone
If you live in a densely populated city like New York , you know how hard it can be to simply walk to the corner store without being bumped and jostled by 40 different people . But , hey , that ’ s life in the big city . What drives people nuts , though , is when they ’ re walking down the street and the people in front of them decide to stop short because they need to check their latest Snapchat notifications .
Even worse are the people who slow to a crawl to tap out texts , as people struggle to walk around them . Yahoo Finance ’ s Dan Roberts says he ’ ll now continue walking if he sees a texter coming towards him until they either walk into him or are forced to move .
So if you need to use your phone and you ’ re walking down the sidewalk , just move to the side . Or at the very least , avoid Dan Roberts .
Each of their studio apartments contains a double bed , desk , two wardrobes , a bookcase , dining table and chairs , and an en-suite with boutique styling .
On top of that , students get their own high-gloss kitchen , complete with pans and utensils , and 32-inch flat-screen Smart TV with a licence included .
Students do n't even have to clean their own apartment as it comes with a weekly cleaning service .
A man who created neon noodles is being scrutinised as he 's refusing to reveal what exactly has given them their crazy colours .
The fluorescent foodstuff is unbelievably bright to look at , but has sparked heated debate over exactly what they might taste like .
The udon noodles , were given a special treatment by a Japanese scientist who has declined to say exactly what it was that he did to get the electrifying effect .
But it appears to involve colouring the noodles with a special dye , and then shining what appears to be ultraviolet light onto them in order to produce the special effect .
Ultraviolet radiation is known to cause many substances to glow and it is believed this is how the scientist achieved this effect .
The Japanese are well-known for their love of colourful food , which in the past has included black and bright red burgers , deep blue curry and all sorts of other exotic variations on traditional dishes .
But a neon sign-like version of Japanese noodles is believed to be a first .
Many online users want to know what they tasted like after they were posted online by Japanese Twitter user Reraku , a self-proclaimed `` bad scientist '' .
He used the pictures to post that he had created `` electrical udon '' and included a poster showing that they were going to go on sale at a special event at the end of the month in the Osaka area of Japan .
The neon sign noodles have been given the star billing for the Unbelievable Science festival which takes place on August 30 and where they will be sold to visitors alongside purple curry and fried food `` pumped up with flavour steroids '' .
1 . We 're not impatient , just efficient .
Long lines ? Traffic ? Type A individuals loathe them all . This is because we feel as though they 're slowing our progress of a certain goal -- even if that goal is just to deposit a check at the bank .
2 . Arriving late to anything is `` agonizing '' .
If you tell us to be somewhere at 6:30 , more likely than not , we 're rolling up to the parking lot at 6:25 . Type A folks tend to have an oversensitivity to time , because we do n't want to feel like we 're wasting it .
3 . We live by to-do lists .
How else are we supposed to track what we 're supposed to get done ? !
4 . Each task we 're assigned is urgent .
Because of this , we value team members who work with the same brevity and speed that we do . Once again , wasting time is our ultimate enemy .
5 . We 're extremely goal-oriented .
Once we commit to something , we see it through until the very end , whether it 's a work project or Friday night plans .
6 . It 's hard for us to relax .
This is where time sensitivity comes into play again . We hate the idea of letting time pass if there 's something we need to be doing . Downtime tends to feel unproductive to Type A folks -- unless , of course , it 's on our to-do list .
7 . We get stressed out easily .
Type A are more sensitive to stress ( which , as we know , is terribly bad for our health ) . We also tend to default on the worst possible outcome when working through a situation . Sorry in advance for the slight negativity .
8 . We have nervous habits .
For me , it 's hair twirling . For others , it 's nail biting or teeth grinding . This behavior is common for Type A personalities .
9 . We 're emotional .
The reason we behave the way that we do is because we care ( some could even argue that we care just a little too much ) . Researchers suggest that Type A people are highly conscientious -- so while it may seem like we 're uptight when we 're organizing our friend 's birthday party , it 's really just because we want it to be spectacular . They deserve it .
10 . We 're constantly ruminating over something .
You know when you just replay a mistake over and over in your head ? This is a common occurrence for Type A individuals . We are notorious for dwelling on our worries , sometimes to the point where it keeps us up at night .
11 . We have a competitive side .
This is perhaps one of our most glaring flaws . Type A 's put a lot of pressure on themselves to be the best possible version of themselves , which sometimes is taken to mean `` the best person in the room . '' It does n't matter if it 's a work assignment or a board game , they 're all the same to a Type A personality .
With all of the hype that goes into promoting weight-loss pills , diet programs , and the miraculous benefits of bone broth , it can be easy to let weight-loss myths get in the way of what you actually need to know to drop unwanted pounds . To help trim the fat , people who have lost 50lbs or more shared the weight-loss advice that helped them reach their goals .
Do n't expect a miracle
It probably took you a lifetime to reach the size you are now , and that means it might take years to become the healthiest version of yourself , says Alicia Marie , a holistic enthusiast who has dropped more than 100lbs . It may be a long time before you see physical changes -- but do n't let that discourage you .
Do n't go on a diet
Embracing an eating plan specifically designed for weight loss is a temporary measure to a permanent problem . `` A 'diet ' is something a person goes on , knowing there comes a time when they go off of it , '' says Randy Hartman , a reinvention coach who has lost more than 80lbs . `` This only exacerbates the problems and ends in yo-yo weight loss . It 's far better to embark on an eating plan that you can follow for the rest of your life . Consistency over the long haul is key . ''
Do n't be drastic
Instead of making lots of big changes , Becky Lehman , who , after losing 100lbs , is now a certified health coach , recommends making one small change a day to move yourself closer to your health goals and avoid becoming overwhelmed . `` Drastic changes do n't tend to stick , but the basic concepts of weight loss remain the same : move more , eat more vegetables , drink more water , '' she says . `` Drinking one extra glass of water today will not cause the scale to drop 20lbs , but those small changes can add up to huge and lasting transformations . ''
Make fitness a priority , but go slowly
Naomi Teeter , the blogger behind Inspire Transformation , knew it was a priority to make working out a habit when she began her weight-loss journey -- all in all , she lost 150lbs and has managed to keep 125lbs off for seven years . Yet she cautions against going too hardcore . `` Too many people live by the philosophy , 'Go hard or go home , ' when it comes to fitness and beat themselves to the ground when they first start out , causing them to give up more easily , '' she explains . `` Your workout does n't have to be insane to be good . ''
Do n't ban specific foods
Making certain foods “ off limits ” can tempt you even more -- and almost always leads to overindulging . According to Lehman , she eats chocolate `` almost every single day , '' yet has still managed to keep the weight off . `` Of course , willpower still comes into play here , but do n't cut your favorite foods out of your diet completely . ''
Recruit someone who will hold you accountable
An accountability buddy does n't necessarily need to be a workout buddy , but they do need to be someone you can talk to when you 're feeling unmotivated and who can remind you of your original goal , says Kelsey Byers , lifestyle coach and fitness blogger behind Good Morning Fit , who has lost 50lbs . Byers ' husband helped her stick to her goals ; social media can also help you find a supportive community if you do n't feel like there 's anyone nearby who can help you as you try to drop weight .
Stop buying food products ...
… and start buying whole foods . That means no more things in boxes , simple frozen meals , foods mushed into bar form , and so on , Marie says . Walk around the outside of the grocery store and do n't mess with the inner isles . With the exception of dried beans and coffee , there 's really not much you need in those aisles .
Manage your emotions
Emotions can ruin your day , and subsequently any healthy progress you 've made , Teeter warns . One bad day at work can lead to binge eating and drinking in front of the TV instead of preparing a nourishing meal and hitting the gym . When you 're feeling bad , Teeter recommends paying attention to why you feel that way so you can comfort yourself in a more productive way , instead of stuffing yourself full of food until you ca n't move .
Focus on feeling better , rather than what you see in the mirror
Sometimes `` looking good in a bathing suit '' is n't a big enough goal , at least not if you want to keep the weight off for longer than the warm summer months . `` It 's important to establish the reason why you want to get healthy . Maybe it 's for your kids or grandkids , '' Byers suggests . `` Maybe you want to get healthy so you can have a family . No matter where you are in your journey , I encourage you to think about your personal 'why ' and post it on a vision board where you can see it every day . ''
Track your progress with pictures
While it 's important to focus on how you feel over how you look , Byers also suggests taking pictures every week so you can visually track your progress . On a day-to-day basis , you might not notice the changes that a photo will capture . `` The scale can be misleading -- it does n't know if you 're replacing fat with muscle , '' notes Byers . `` The more muscle you have , the more toned you look as long as your nutrition is on point . ''
Do n't eat or drink anything handed to you through a window
Yes , even coffee . Get up and go inside to get your coffee if you want it that bad , Marie suggests . Better yet , go someplace where you can control how much sugar and cream goes into it .
Step outside your comfort zone
Embrace uncertainty , especially if you consider yourself a perfectionist . `` Things will not always go your way , no matter how prepared you think you are , '' Teeter says . `` Many folks throw in the towel after just one setback . But if you condition yourself to expect and embrace [ setbacks ] , you 'll be far happier with yourself and the progress you 're making -- even during the difficult times . ''
Eat a lean protein and complex carb during each meal
For Byers , that meant lots of grilled chicken with sweet potatoes , grilled zucchini with asparagus , and meal-replacement shakes . `` One of my favorite meals is scrambled egg whites with hash browns and green salsa mixed together , '' she says . `` Another favorite is extra-lean turkey tacos on corn tortillas and avocado slices , plus salsa . ''
Start today
The sooner you start , the sooner you 'll see results : `` There will always be reasons to start tomorrow , or wait until your busy season is over , '' Lehman adds . `` Fight through your excuses and do something right now . ''
The fourth and final day of the 2016 Democratic national convention has ended , if you don ’ t count the ongoing balloon-related activity on the floor , where dozens of delegates continue to linger .
Here ’ s what happened :
Hillary Clinton accepted the Democratic presidential nomination , becoming the first woman to be nominated by a major party for the country ’ s highest office .
Clinton delivered an hourlong speech that was part biography , part profession of faith , part political prospectus , part job application and part attack on Donald Trump .
“ He ’ s offering empty promises , ” Clinton said . “ What are we offering ? A bold agenda to improve the lives of people across our country - to keep you safe , to get you good jobs , and to give your kids the opportunities they deserve .
“ The choice is clear . ”
Clinton : “ Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis . A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons . ”
The night was programmed to highlight the historic nature of Clinton ’ s nomination , with speaker after speaker calling for a first female president . However the rest of the country felt , the cheering room agreed that it was participating in history .
Clinton ignored attempts by scattered protesters to interrupt her speech , and sometimes the crowd helped her by chanting “ Hillary ! Hillary ! ”
The show was almost stolen by Khizr Khan , the father of a Muslim soldier killed in Iraq , who tore into Trump , his veiled wife standing beside him . “ Donald Trump ... Let me ask you , have you even read the United States constitution ? ” Khan asked , pulling a copy from his pocket . “ I will gladly lend you my copy . ”
Introducing her mother , Chelsea Clinton delivered a personal speech about feeling supported as a child . “ That feeling – being valued and loved – that ’ s something my mom wants for every child , ” she said .
Sanders congratulated Clinton “ on this historic achievement ” in a tweet . “ We are stronger together , ” he wrote .
“ Great speech , ” the president thought :
Great speech . She 's tested . She 's ready . She never quits . That 's why Hillary should be our next @ POTUS . ( She 'll get the Twitter handle , too )
— President Obama ( @ POTUS )
July 29 , 2016
Clinton managed some lighter moments in her attacks on Trump , as when she described his convention speech : “ He spoke for 70-odd minutes – and I do mean odd . ”
The Trump campaign replied that the Clinton speech was “ an insulting collection of cliches and recycled rhetoric . ”
Nowadays , air conditioning and electric fans help people beat the summer heat . But in ancient times , without such appliances , how did people find relief ? Some cultural items collected at the Palace Museum in Beijing can help us figure out how Qing Dynasty ( 1644-1911 ) royal families , who lived inside the Forbidden City , spent their summer days .
Summer food and drinks in the royal court were mainly various kinds of melons and fruits , as well as tribute tea from around the country . When the emperors met officials , read books or memorials , they drank green tea , scented tea or milk tea . These drinks are refreshing and offer respite from the summer heat .
Iceboxes made of wood were widely used in the Qing royal court . Due to the weak conductivity of heat , lead or tin was put inside the box to extend the hours for preserving the natural ice . Many historical materials record emperors , empresses and imperial concubines using such a box to keep food like melons and fruits cool on hot summer days .
Summer costumes for the royals were mainly made of fabrics like yarn and silk . The materials are permeable , which keep the wearer cool .
The royal family could even enjoy an air-conditioned room in ancient times . As the iceboxes often had air holes , it could be used to cool the temperature of the room .
Elon Musk has said again that artificial intelligence could be humanity ’ s greatest existential threat , this time by starting a third world war .
The prospect clearly weighs heavily on Musk ’ s mind , since the SpaceX , Tesla and Boring Company chief tweeted at 2.33am Los Angeles time about how AI could lead to the end of the world .
His fears were prompted by a statement from Vladimir Putin that “ artificial intelligence is the future , not only for Russia , but for all humankind … It comes with colossal opportunities , but also threats that are difficult to predict . Whoever becomes the leader in this sphere will become the ruler of the world . ”
China , Russia , soon all countries w strong computer science . Competition for AI superiority at national level most likely cause of WW3 imo .
In a series of tweets on Monday , the Tesla , SpaceX , Neuralink and OpenAI co-founder wrote that artificial intelligence could be the eventual cause of the next world war .
May be initiated not by the country leaders , but one of the AI 's , if it decides that a preemptive strike is most probable path to victory .
Govts do n't need to follow normal laws . They will obtain AI developed by companies at gunpoint , if necessary .
Musk ’ s fear of AI warfare has been a driving force in his public statements for a long time . Last month , he was one of more than 100 signatories calling for a UN-led ban of lethal autonomous weapons .
“ Once developed , lethal autonomous weapons will permit armed conflict to be fought at a scale greater than ever , and at timescales faster than humans can comprehend , ” the letter read . “ These can be weapons of terror , weapons that despots and terrorists use against innocent populations , and weapons hacked to behave in undesirable ways .
“ We do not have long to act . Once this Pandora ’ s box is opened , it will be hard to close . ”
The world reacted with shock , awe and no small measure of disbelief early Wednesday as the US electoral map began to tilt toward Donald Trump , who has promised sweeping changes to American policy .
`` IT 'S A TRUMP-QUAKE , '' blared the website of the Daily Mail , which said the electoral results had `` confounded all the experts . ''
Other foreign media houses were more circumspect , exercising caution until all the votes had been counted . `` Contest down to the wire after months of acrimony , '' read the Times of London 's lead headline .
In Mexico , media outlets were focused on a sharp drop in the value of the peso to an all-time low . `` Dollar breaks barrier , '' read the lead headline on El Sol de Mexico , a leading newspaper in the nation 's capital .
The Manila Bulletin , a newspaper in the Philippines , filled its website 's `` latest news '' section with US election dispatches . `` Trump within reach of shock White House win , '' read one wire service story featured by the paper 's editors .
Indian news anchor Rajdeep Sardesai called it the `` election to beat all elections '' and a `` miracle . ''
In Europe , many newspapers were even more direct : `` United States fears total paralysis , '' said a headline in Spain 's El Pais .
The Economist , a British publication that often trumpets its fondness for the US , described Tuesday evening as `` Fright night . '' Prior to Election Day , it had published a strident editorial that warned Americans against voting for Trump .
`` His experience , temperament and character make him horribly unsuited to being the head of state of the nation that the rest of the democratic world looks to for leadership , '' it said .
Beauty sleep is a real thing , according to researchers who have shown that people who miss out on sleep do appear less attractive to others .
A couple of bad nights is enough to make a person look `` significantly '' more ugly , their sleep experiments suggest .
Dark-circled `` panda '' eyes and puffy lids can even put others off socialising with you , they say .
People were rated by strangers as less healthy and approachable when they had tired faces .
The researchers asked 25 university students , some male and some female , to be the guinea pigs in their sleep experiment .
The volunteers - who were given payment for their help - were sent home with a kit that would measure their night-time movements to check that they had not cheated and slept when they should not have .
They were asked to get a good night 's sleep for two consecutive nights .
A week later , they were asked to restrict themselves to only four hours sleep per night for two nights in a row .
The researchers took make-up free photos of the volunteers after both the good and the bad sleep sessions .
Next , they asked 122 strangers - women and men living in Sweden 's capital city , Stockholm - to have a look at the photos and rate them on attractiveness , health , sleepiness and trustworthiness , as well as asking them : `` How much would you like to socialise with this person in the picture ? ''
The strangers were good at judging if the person they were looking at was tired , and , if they were sleepy , their attractiveness score suffered .
The strangers also said they would be less willing to socialise with the tired students , who they also perceived to be less healthy , Royal Society Open Science journal reports .
The Karolinska Institute researchers says this makes sense in evolutionary terms .
`` An unhealthy-looking face , whether due to sleep deprivation or otherwise , might activate disease-avoiding mechanisms in others . ''
In other words , people do n't want to hang around with people who might be ill , whereas someone who looks energetic and fit will hold lots of appeal .
Lead researcher Dr Tina Sundelin added : `` I do n't want to worry people or make them lose sleep over these findings though .
`` Most people can cope just fine if they miss out on a bit of sleep now and again . ''
Dr Gayle Brewer , a psychology expert at the University of Liverpool and member of the British Psychological Association , said : `` Judgement of attractiveness is often unconscious , but we all do it , and we are able to pick up on even small cues like whether someone looks tired or unhealthy .
`` We want our partners to be attractive and energetic .
`` This study is a good reminder of how important sleep is to us . ''
Do these five maths challenges fill you with dread or do they seem less scary than the ones you remember from your school days ?
If you sailed through them with full marks , it 's because they are from the new Asian-style maths teaching techniques that are designed to be simpler and make children sharper , with many British schools starting to weave them into their own lesson plans .
The approach focuses on deepening understanding by using physical objects and pictures to explore traditional maths symbols , as well as spending more lesson time developing reasoning and problem-solving skills .
These particular examples are from the free full curriculum that Tes - a school resource body - produces for years 1-6 of primary school . So can you figure out the answers ?
Tes has launched a collection of maths education resources to help more schools looking to use the Shanghai and Singapore approach .
Discussing the new techniques , Laura Beeson , Assistant Head Teacher at Primrose Hill Primary School in London , said : 'We are still on the start of our mastery journey .
'It is important that we do n't see the Shanghai approach as simply a method that we can pick up and use in our own school settings .
'The differences both within our school systems and culture are vast . It is up to us as practitioners to look at the fundamental values of the approach and see how they can be implemented in our own UK school settings .
'As a school we have started by focusing on three of the main aspects of mastery teaching : taking slow steps and dedicating more time to concepts before moving on , the use of models and images to support understanding and the importance of variation - seeing the same concept in many different ways .
'Finding resources that contain that variation of the same concept is one of the main barriers for our teachers . The Tes primary maths mastery space is a central place to look for this - giving teachers a starting point . '
Sharpen your shuriken , Japan 's Aichi prefecture is looking to hire six ninjas in a bid to boost tourism .
The roles are full time and the pay is ¥180,000 ( $ 1,600 ; £1,100 ) a month , the job ad says ( in Japanese ) .
Physical fitness and acrobatic skills are a must says Aichi prefecture , which hopes to promote `` warlord tourism '' .
Ninjas were 15th Century Japanese mercenaries specialising in espionage , assassination , sabotage and other forms of irregular warfare .
Such trickery was considered beneath the samurai , or military nobility , who had to observe strict rules on fighting honourably .
The job specification has been somewhat changed for the advertised roles .
It involves stage performances and `` PR work '' for radio and television . Combat experience as a ninja is not required and a track record of killing people for money would not help your application .
Ideal candidates should `` enjoy being under the spotlight even though he or she is a secretive ninja , '' Satoshi Adachi of the prefecture 's tourism promotion unit , told AFP .
As the troupe will sometimes perform in English , Japanese language skills are preferred rather than essential , Mr Adachi said , although a passion for history and tourism is a requirement .
Training is also a little quicker these days : winning applicants will be up to speed in the arts of wooing tourists with back flips and sword play by the end of April .
Successful applicants will be performing in Nagoya Castle and various other locations .
Aichi prefecture may be hoping to see some of the success seen by neighbouring Mie prefecture 's Ninja museum in Iga city , which combines historical details with acrobatic performances inspired by tales of the ancient warriors .
Iga , which brands itself as the `` home town '' of ninja , was once home to many ninjas , also known as shinobi , who emerged as a distinct phenomenon in the volatile `` warring states '' period of the 15th Century . They gradually disappeared as Japan was unified in the 17th Century .
While ninja were a very real historical phenomenon , much popular folklore about them is based on legend and myth .
But while once they were looked on as little more than a historical curiosity of more interest to foreigners than Japanese themselves , prefectures are increasingly keen to capitalise on historical ties to tap into the country 's tourism boom .
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pledged to increase tourism even further in the run-up to the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games .
Anyone over 18 can apply to be a ninja in Aichi , and applications close on 22 March .
Earlier this year , Microsoft unveiled a viral tool that claimed to be able to guess your age from a single photo .
Outraged 20 year-olds took to social media when they were told they looked 40 , while middle-aged men were given a boost when the software said they looked 30 .
Now , Microsoft is doing the same thing with emotions , with a new online tool that they say can reveal how a person is really feeling in their images .
When tested on celebrities , it found Kate Middleton was elated on her wedding day , with the Duchess of Cambridge scoring a 100 percent rating on happiness .
Meanwhile , Kim Kardashian 's 'neutral face ' in a photo snapped while with husband , Kanye revealed that she was around 70 percent happy .
The remainder of her emotions range from contempt to anger and disgust .
And while Taylor Swift may appear elated , her image shows that she 's only around 40 percent happy .
According to Microsoft , when accepting the Video of the Year award for 'Bad Blood ' , the singer was also 10 percent surprised .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump 's look at Senator Marco Rubio yesterday betrayed contempt mixed a degree of happiness .
The software will take any photograph you upload , identify the faces , and then give each a score based on a series of different emotions .
It provides a rating for anger , contempt , disgust , fear , happiness , sadness and surprise - and anyone can test a trial version here .
You can upload your own images of your own face , which must be at least 36 pixels square and smaller than 4MB .
To see how the software thinks you 're feeling , hover over the rectangle around face and you 'll see different emotions graded on a scale from zero to one .
A score of one suggests that you 're feeling that emotion 100 percent .
Chris Bishop , head of Microsoft Research Cambridge , showed off the emotion tool earlier today in a keynote talk at Future Decoded , a Microsoft conference .
'The exciting thing has been how much interest there is and how diverse the response is , ' said Ryan Galgon , a senior program manager within Microsoft 's Technology and Research group .
The software is based on machine learning , which means it gets smarter as it receives more data .
It 's the basis for major breakthroughs including Skype Translator 's real-time translation and Microsoft 's Cortana personal assistant .
In the case of something like facial recognition , the system can learn to recognise certain traits from a training set of pictures it receives .
It can then apply that information to identify facial features in new pictures it sees .
Galgon said developers might want to use these tools to create systems that marketers can use to gauge people 's reaction to a store display , film or food .
They might also find them valuable for creating a tool , such as a messaging app , that offers up different options based on what emotion it recognises in a photo .
Using neural-network technology , the app can make you look younger or older , swap your gender , add a smile to your photo , and more .
However , FaceApp quickly came under fire for a `` Hot '' filter that lightened your skin tone and made your nose more narrow .
After users accused the company of whitewashing , CEO Yaroslav Goncharov first renamed — and then pulled — the filter in April .
`` We are deeply sorry for this unquestionably serious issue . It is an unfortunate side-effect of the underlying neural network caused by the training set bias , not intended behavior . To mitigate the issue , we have renamed the effect to exclude any positive connotation associated with it . ''
The four filters , titled `` Asian , '' `` Black , '' `` Caucasian , '' and `` Indian , '' are ostensibly designed to change the appearance of your ethnicity .
`` The ethnicity change filters have been designed to be equal in all aspects . They do n't have any positive or negative connotations associated with them . They are even represented by the same icon . In addition to that , the list of those filters is shuffled for every photo , so each user sees them in a different order . ''
As face-swapping apps like FaceApp have gotten better at transforming the faces of their users , the debate over what , exactly , they permit has intensified .
While most people watching the Olympics are impressed with the athletes , there 's someone else who is garnering some attention for his efforts .
A man named Eric has gone viral on Twitter after SB Nation reporter Rodger Sherman shared a picture of him dishing out condoms in the Olympic village .
Rodger shared the snap of Eric , who can be seen wearing a huge bag of condoms around his neck , with the caption : 'Meet Eric , the guy whose job is to walk around the Olympics with a big sack of condoms ' .
The snap , which sees Eric with his thumb up , has been retweeted 9,309 times and has over 11,000 likes . After the tweet was published , others took to the site in their droves to salute Eric 's efforts .
'Most COOL job in Brazil , ' wrote one user , whilst another added : 'Handing out condoms is always a fun and vital job . Go Eric ! '
About 450,000 condoms will be distributed during the Rio de Janeiro Olympics , three times more than for the London Games four years ago , the International Olympic Committee said .
This equates to 42 condoms per games participant - so it 's little surprise that Eric was laden with so many .
While most condoms seem to have been provided through handy vending machine , the organisers seemingly wanted to make it as easy as possible for athletes to get their hands on as many condoms as they need - hence Eric 's large bag of the contraceptives .
He is joined by a mini condom team , who are together promoting safe sex through condom distribution .
Part of the reason for Rio 's record-breaking allocation was because 100,000 female condoms will be available for the first time , along with 350,000 condoms for men . About 175,000 packets of lubricant are also being supplied .
The IOC says the condoms , which are known as 'Little shirts of venus ' in Brazil , would encourage 10,500 athletes and staff to practice safe sex .
Roger Sherman 's tweet got a huge response on the social media site , with many users responding that 'not all heroes wear capes ' and appreciating the work Eric and his team are carrying out .
The athlete 's village has a reputation for promiscuity and condoms have been supplied since the 1988 Olympics in Seoul .
Australian swimmer Melanie Schlanger , 29 , lifted the lid on what really goes on behind the scenes in the Olympic Village , saying athletes will not be abstaining from sex during the games .
'Let 's just say there is a very good reason there are so many free condoms in the village . This year I expect Tinder will be very popular , ' Schlanger told News Corp .
It 's not clear if this year 's increase is related to Brazil 's outbreak of the Zika virus .
The Zika virus is carried by mosquitoes , but can also be transmitted sexually . The virus is linked to microcephaly , a condition in which babies are born with undersized brains and skulls .
The Australian Olympic Committee ( AOC ) has taken extra precautions for its athletes , teaming up with pharmaceutical company Starpharma Holdings Ltd to produce special Zika virus-proof condoms for the team .
Ride-hailing startup Lyft announced recently that it 's making its own self-driving car technology—a move that could help it meet an audacious goal of having autonomous vehicles chauffeur most of its passengers around by 2021 .
It sounds a bit far-fetched , considering that autonomous cars are still largely in the testing stages , but Lyft is just one of many companies saying that 2021 will be the year that these vehicles finally get out on the roads en masse .
So , sure , it could happen . And going along with that positive line of thinking—assuming that we will , in fact , have self-driving cars in 2021—we wondered what other technological marvels and milestones await us in that magical year .
The answer was surprising . According to an array of predictions from tech companies and market researchers , plenty of changes are coming .
Electric cars
When it comes to driving , 2021 wo n't just be about fancy robot cars ; it 's expected to be a year in which we 'll have more electric vehicles , too . A report from Bloomberg New Energy Finance forecasts that electric vehicles will make up a little less than 4 % of all car sales in the US and 5 % of all car sales in Europe that year , up from 1 % and 2 % , respectively , this year .
Virtual reality
Though virtual reality 's first year with some powerful consumer headsets on the market , 2016 , was n't exactly a blockbuster , the technology is expected to be on a lot more faces come 2021 . IDC forecasts that shipments of virtual and augmented reality headsets will rise to about 92 million in 2021 , which would be close to 10 times as many as shipped out last year .
Male birth control
We raise an eyebrow for this one more than most , but we 'll just have to wait and see : a company called Contraline is reportedly working to bring to market a form of reversible male birth control that does n't require surgery .
Contraline claims it has come up with a “ polymer hydrogel ” that is implanted in the vas deferens—in just a few minutes with the help of an ultrasound—and is meant to block the passage of sperm for years . In April Contraline announced that it had raised $ 2.2 million toward its goal and that it aimed to have a product on the market in 2021 .
Getting online
In 2021 , many more of us will be able to weigh in on these amazing new technologies ( whether or not they actually came to fruition ) .
Networking-equipment maker Cisco forecasts in its Visual Networking Index that the number of people using the Internet will climb from 3.3 billion today to 4.6 billion within four years . That would be more than half the world 's population , using the United Nations ' estimate of 7.8 billion by 2021 .
Cheap solar power
Clean energy has been getting cheaper for a while now , and in the not-so-distant future of 2021 , it is expected to finally become cheaper to use renewable power sources like solar and wind rather than coal in a number of key countries .
While solar power—which is pricier than the other big renewable source , wind—is already comparable price-wise to coal in countries such as the US , Italy , and Germany , a recent report from Bloomberg New Energy Finance predicts that by 2021 , solar power will be cheaper than coal in China , India , Mexico , Brazil , and the UK .
Lab-grown chicken
Chicken grown in a laboratory , rather than on a farm , sounds far out , but it may be here in a few years .
And since it does n't involve killing any fowl , it may lead to chicken nuggets that even the staunchest animal lover will nibble on .
That 's the hope of a company called Memphis Meats , which is planning to sell its lab-raised , animal-free chicken by 2021 - an achievement it 's already on the way to meeting since it says it has grown pieces of chicken and duck sans animals in its lab .
Matt Damon criticised `` outrageous '' stories in the era of fake news as he responded on Tuesday to accusations his role in the new China-Hollywood co-production The Great Wall should have gone to an Asian actor .
Some critics have said Damon 's casting as the lead character amounted to `` whitewashing , '' in which Caucasians are chosen for roles that should have gone to actors from other ethnicities .
The American actor said he thought of whitewashing as applying to Caucasian actors who wore makeup to appear to be of another race , as was common in the early days of film and television , when racism was overt .
`` That whole idea of whitewashing , I take that very seriously , '' Damon said in an interview , using the example of the Irish-American actor Chuck Connors , who played the lead character in the 1962 film Geronimo , about the famed Apache chief .
Damon , 46 , plays a British mercenary in the upcoming $ 150 million adventure fantasy about a Chinese army battling monsters , helmed by acclaimed director Zhang Yimou .
The movie 's trailer sparked criticism in the US that a white man had been chosen to play the lead , who saves the day , in a film set in China meant to showcase Chinese culture .
The furor came amid other accusations of a lack of diversity and opportunities for Asian actors in Hollywood .
Damon and Zhang said that because of the demands of the story , Damon 's role was always intended to be European .
Damon said the controversy would subside `` once people see that it 's a monster movie and it 's a historical fantasy and I did n't take a role away from a Chinese actor ... it was n't altered because of me in any way . ''
The film is the first Sino-Hollywood co-production and first English-language film for Zhang , the director of the romantic Kung Fu drama House of Flying Daggers and the opulent opening and closing ceremonies of the 2008 Beijing Olympics .
It also stars Pedro Pascal of `` Game of Thrones '' as Damon 's sword-wielding partner in crime , Willem Dafoe and Andy Lau . Jing Tian plays the woman lead warrior . Also appearing are Eddie Peng of the boxing drama Unbeatable and Lu Han , a former boy band sensation .
Most Chinese co-productions with the West have been box-office flops , but producers hope The Great Wall can show that big-budget Sino-Hollywood co-productions can work .
Hollywood is eager to work with Chinese actors and producers to appeal to the Chinese cinema-going market , expected to outgrow the current No 1 market , North America , within the next two or three years . The Chinese government has long sought to project cultural influence abroad and hopes that The Great Wall will be an international blockbuster .
The film debuts in Chinese cinemas on December 16 followed by other countries , including the United States in February .
With its unhelpful locals and general aloofness , Moscow has been dubbed the unfriendliest city in the world .
The US and France also fared poorly , with the French cities of Cannes and Marseille and five US cities including Los Angeles and New York entering the top 10 .
The results show that even some of the world 's most loved cities , famed for their vibrant nightlife , impeccable culture and delicious food may still have a few things to learn when it comes to kindliness .
Moscow , Europe 's largest city and one of the fastest growing tourist destinations in the world according to the MasterCard Global Destination Cities Index , was found to have unhelpful locals and a general `` aloofness '' by survey participants , plunging it to the bottom of the list .
Readers of Travel + Leisure were asked to rank 266 world cities on a range of categories including `` the friendliness of their people '' .
In the US , Atlantic City in New Jersey was ranked the second unfriendliest city with one visitor commenting : `` It 's fun - if you like to gamble and do n't mind rude , fast-paced people . ''
The country 's popular tourist destinations of Los Angeles and New York also ranked in the top ten . One irritated visitor said that Los Angeles was full of `` Rude , unhelpful people trying to scam you for everything '' , while one tourist said of New York : `` New York has everything—just do n't ask a person in the street to help you find it . ''
Galway in Ireland , on the other hand , was classed as the friendliest city in the world with visitors saying it was home to the `` friendliest people they had every met '' .
Edinburghwas also praised for its friendliness , with reader 's describing the Scottish city as `` enchanting '' and `` magical '' .
The world ’ s unfriendliest cities :
1 ) Moscow , Russia
2 ) Atlantic City , New Jersey , USA
3 ) St Petersburg , Russia
4 ) Marseille , France
5 ) Los Angeles , California , USA
6 ) New York , New York , USA
7 ) Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , USA
8 ) Baltimore , Maryland , USA
9 ) Las Vegas , Nevada , USA
10 ) Cannes , France
11 ) Beijing , China
12 ) Miami , Florida , USA
13 ) Washington , D.C. , USA
14 ) Frankfurt , Germany
15 ) Boston , Massachusetts , USA
From the people who brought you sexy Olaf the snowman and sexy Mickey Mouse , comes a new addition to the list of racy Halloween costumes that make you cringe a little bit : sexy Donald Trump .
Risque online costume and lingerie shop Yandy.com is selling a limited-edition outfit called the `` Donna T. Rumpshaker , '' for $ 69.95 . That price includes a white sleeveless collared shirt , red tie , royal blue faux blazer and matching `` booty shorts . ''
For an additional $ 7.95 , shoppers can also purchase the matching `` Making America Great Hat , '' and for $ 9.95 , the `` Comb Over Politician Wig . ''
According to a survey released by the National Retail Federation last Monday , political costumes tied for 10th place in its annual top costume list for adults ( though this likely was n't what they had in mind ) .
`` As we 've seen for several years , Hollywood and pop culture both have a tremendous impact on how adults and their children decide to dress the part each Halloween , and it 's evident some of the biggest newsmakers of the year will be out in full force this fall , '' NRF President and CEO Matthew Shay said .
Also new to Yandy this year : The `` Miss Cartoon Cutie Costume , '' a sexed-up take on Charlie Brown 's yellow and black shirt and shorts , and the `` Underwater Best Friend Costume , '' which bears a suggestive resemblance to Spongebob Squarepants ' best friend Patrick .
The Donald Trump costume is n't the only outfit stirring up controversy . A take on Caitlyn Jenner 's Vanity Faircover caused social media backlash more than two months before the holiday .
There is a Military Parade Village at Yangfang town , Changping district , in the north of Beijing . The village , rebuilt from a local shooting range several months ago , has a gold-roofed , red-walled complex , which is imitation of the Tian'anmen Gate Tower . A road , 3-km long and 70-meter wide , lies in front of the `` Gate Tower '' . That is where the parade soldiers conducted training .
Beijing has a total of four Military Parade Villages at Shahe airport in Changping district , Zhangjiawan airport in Tongzhou district , Liangxiang airport in Fangshan district and Nanyuan airport in Daxing district . Before the military parade held in 2009 that celebrated China 's 60th founding anniversary , the foot phalanxes were trained at Shahe and the vehicle phalanxes at Zhangjiawan .
For the officers and soldiers undergoing intensive training every day , how their basic necessities of life – food , clothing , shelter and means of traveling – were fulfilled is also a focal point .
The logistics teams act according to circumstances and prepare form-fitting clothes at a scientific quantity for the parade soldiers . More than 380,000 pieces of clothing and bedding were distributed to soldiers ; 14,000 pairs of shoes and 11,000 pieces of clothing and bedding were repaired ; and 13,000 pieces of clothing and bedding were dry-cleaned and ironed , according to preliminary statistics .
A diet evaluation system , developed especially for the parade soldiers by a 10-person team in 28 days , has provided proper dietary recommendations . The system can calculate food energy and nutrients allowances using computers , based on soldiers ' everyday need .
According to barrack reconstruction projects , post offices , barbers ' rooms and supermarkets were set up ; more than 2,500 sq m of barrack housing were built at the training center of the General Staff Department ; more than 3,000 sq m areas were greened around soldier stations ; and 213 air-conditioners and over 300 curtains were provided .